===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation conference call on first quarter 2025 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. We'll begin today's call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. And we'll conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings on this call. The reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter investor update. Turning to Slide 4. I'm pleased to share that we're off to a strong start this year as we continue to make progress on our Utility of the Future strategy. Today, we reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $0.56 per share. Adjusting for special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.60 per share or an 11% increase over ongoing earnings of $0.54 per share a year ago. This increase was supported by additional returns on capital investments to improve service to our customers as well as higher sales volumes, which reflect more favorable weather this year compared to last year. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our 2025 ongoing earnings forecast of $1.75 to $1.87 per share with a midpoint of $1.81 per share. We're on track to complete over $4 billion in infrastructure improvements this year to strengthen grid reliability and resiliency, make our operations more efficient and advance our generation replacement strategy in Kentucky. We continue to project $20 billion in capital investment needs from 2025 to 2028, resulting in average annual rate base growth of 9.8%. We also remain on track to deliver at least $150 million of cumulative O&M savings compared to our 2021 baseline. A key component of our Utility of the Future strategy to help support customer affordability. Finally, we remain confident in our ability to execute our long-term business plan and are well positioned to achieve the top half of our projected 6% to 8% annual earnings per share growth target to at least 2028. On the dividend, we continue to target annual growth in the 6% to 8% range. And we also expect to maintain strong credit metrics throughout the plan period, maintaining a 16% to 18% FFO-to-debt ratio and a holding company to total debt ratio below 25%. Moving to Slide 5 for operational and regulatory highlights. On February 28, we filed the CPCN request with the Kentucky Public Service Commission to address near-term generation needs identified in LG&E and KU's latest integrated resource plan. And reinforced by recent increases in demand for electricity in our Kentucky service territories. The plan includes the construction of two new highly efficient 645-megawatt natural gas combined cycle units with 2030 and 2031 in service dates. The addition of 400 megawatts of battery storage by 2028 and upgrades to environmental controls on Unit 2 at our generating station. To date, the CPCN process has proceeded as expected. The KPSC has set a hearing date of August 4, and we anticipate a decision on our request by November. Also in late February, LG&E and KU received regulatory approval to recover $125 million in costs associated with the retirement of Mill Creek Unit 1 through the retired asset recovery rider. Recall that this rider allows for recovery of and a return on certain generation retirement costs. The approved costs will be recovered over 10 years through the rider. Finally, Construction continues to advance on several new previously approved generation resources in Kentucky. We recently began construction on both the 120-megawatt Mercer solar facility and the 125-megawatt battery storage system at our brown station. And we continue to make good progress on our 640-megawatt combined cycle natural gas facility, which we began at our Mill Creek Station mid-last year. We expect completion of these projects in 2027 and early 2028. This is critically important as Kentucky continues to be a tremendous success story. When it comes to economic development that creates new jobs, and additional tax revenue for Kentucky communities. Our generation strategy directly supports this economic development. Turning to Slide 6. Just as we've done in Kentucky, we've continued to advance key initiatives in Pennsylvania and Rhode Island that support safe, reliable and efficient energy service to our customers. In February, we secured Pennsylvania PUC approval to increase PPL Electric Utilities disk revenue cap to 7.5%, up from the prior cap of 5%. The new cap will be in effect through the remainder of PPL Electric's current long-term infrastructure improvement plan, which extends through 2027 or until a new distribution base rate case takes effect, whichever occurs first. In Rhode Island, we received approval for nearly $400 million in infrastructure investments in select operating costs in connection with our latest electric and gas infrastructure, safety and reliability plans. The Rhode Island ISR is a very constructive capital recovery mechanism, and we appreciate the PUC's continued support in approving these critical investments via this mechanism. The ISR plans for gas and electric are submitted annually and outline proposed capital investments and related operating costs to strengthen the safety, reliability and resiliency of our electric and gas distribution networks. The latest plans at Trust Rhode Island Energy's proposed spending from April 1, 2025, to March 31, 2026. Included in the nearly $400 million approval is approximately $220 million in capital investments for Electric, which includes $88 million for advanced metering infrastructure and approximately $145 million for capital investments in gas, including $108 million for gas main replacements. The PUC also authorized recovery of approximately $35 million in operating costs for vegetation management and restoration paving tied to gas main replacement projects. We look forward to executing on these plans and continuing our delivery of exceptional service to the residents of Rhode Island. Moving to Slide 7. We continue to see increased interest from data center developers in our Pennsylvania and Kentucky service territories. In Pennsylvania, we now have nearly 11 gigawatts of projects in the advanced stages of planning, up from nearly 9 gigawatts as we shared last quarter. Keep in mind for a project to be in the advanced stages of planning, it means the data center developer has signed a letter of authorization, which allows us to begin spending money to connect them to the grid. The developer in turn is obligated to reimburse us for those costs. As a result, developers in this phase have more at stake and while that doesn't guarantee that a data center will be built, it certainly signals a higher probability of connection. The potential capital investment related to these data centers in advanced stages in Pennsylvania ranges from $700 million to $850 million, of which we have $400 million in the plan. And within this category of projects, we now have load that has progressed to fully executed contracts. Importantly, we've structured these energy services agreements to include minimum load commitments for the data centers, which significantly reduces the risk to our other customers from these large projects. In addition to the projects in advanced stages, we now have more than 50 gigawatts of other interconnection requests in our Q, demonstrating continued interest in our Pennsylvania service territory. And as we've shared previously, connecting large-scale data centers is a win-win for our customers as these data centers will share in the cost of transmission system, and they will help reduce transmission costs for our other customers. Turning to Kentucky. We remain very excited to support our first 400-megawatt data center customer, which we highlighted on our year-end earnings call. In addition, we continue to manage nearly 6 gigawatts of active data center request in our Kentucky Q. And the Kentucky legislature recently expanded the sales tax incentive program for data center projects across the entire Commonwealth and not just in Jefferson County. We expect this will further attract data centers to Kentucky, including across our broader service territories. Turning to slide 8 and several items on the horizon. On April 4th, we notified the Kentucky Public Service Commission of our intent to file a base rate case on/or after May 30th. As background, LG&E and KU's last base rate increase occurred in July 2021, at which time we agreed to a four-year stay-out provision. Our intent with the expected filing will be to seek new rates effective January 1, 2026 to support continued infrastructure investments that improve reliability, enhance the customer experience, enable long-term grid resilience, and support projected load growth. Our application will be supported by a fully forecasted test period ending, December 31, 2026. Turning to Pennsylvania. We continue to advocate for legislative changes to incentivize construction of new generation in the commonwealth that help address both rising electricity prices for consumers and potential energy shortfalls. We believe Pennsylvania must take control of its energy future rather than being wholly reliant on the PJM market, which is struggling to incentivize new generation build even with all the expected load growth coming from data centers. We believe one way of addressing this issue is to allow regulated electric utilities to invest in generation resources. This would complement the competitive market by addressing resource adequacy gaps rather than relying solely on market forces to deliver a solution. We're absolutely convinced the time to act is now, and we're encouraged by the recent introduction of legislation, House Bill 1272 that supports allowing regulated utilities to build and own generation in the state. A co-sponsor memo was also filed in the Senate, and we expect companion legislation later this spring. Finally, PPL is very well-positioned to manage through the recently proposed trade tariffs, and we do not expect a significant impact on our plan. Our team has done an excellent job managing supply chain disruptions and constraints for several years now. I'd highlight that about 70% to 80% of our capital projects and nearly 90% of our O&M is labor. On top of that, most of our materials are sourced domestically. So the size of the potential impact from tariffs shrinks very quickly. Bottom line, we remain very well positioned despite the current macroeconomic uncertainty and remain very confident in our ability to deliver our plan for customers and shareowners. That concludes my strategic and operational update. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 10. PPL's first quarter GAAP earnings were $0.56 per share compared to $0.42 per share in Q1 2024. We recorded special items of $0.04 per share during the first quarter, primarily due to IT transformation costs, a settlement charge related to energy efficiency programs in Rhode Island for activity prior to our ownership and some remaining Rhode Island integration costs. Adjusting for these special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.60 per share, an improvement of $0.06 per share compared to Q1 2024. Our solid first quarter results keep us on track to achieve at least the midpoint of our 2025 earnings forecast of $1.81 per share. We also continue to maintain one of the strongest balance sheets in our sector, which provides the company with significant financial flexibility. In February, we established a $2 billion ATM program that supports our financing needs associated with the increased capital plan. Year-to-date, we have issued about $170 million of equity through the ATM with forward contracts that expire at the end of the year. We continue to expect to issue between $400 million and $500 million of equity in total this year. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the first quarter on Slide 11. Our Kentucky segment results increased by $0.05 per share compared to the first quarter of 2024. The improvement in Kentucky's results was primarily driven by higher sales volumes, primarily due to mild weather experienced during the first quarter of last year. $0.01 of that favorable variance was due to colder-than-normal weather in Q1 2025. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results increased by $0.03 per share compared to the same period a year ago. The increase was also primarily driven by higher sales volumes due to mild weather experienced last year as well as higher transmission revenue from our ongoing capital investments. Our Rhode Island segment results decreased by $0.01 per share compared to the same period a year ago. This decrease was primarily driven by lower transmission revenues due to a prior period true-up and higher operating costs, partially offset by higher distribution revenue from capital investments. Finally, results at Corporate and Other decreased by $0.01 per share compared to the prior period, primarily due to higher interest expense. We continue to be pleased with our execution as we deliver on our commitments to customers and shareowners. This concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In closing, we're off to a good start with our strong first quarter results. Our Q1 performance puts us solidly on track to deliver on our 2025 commitments. Meanwhile, across our operations, we continue to make excellent progress in executing our utility of the future strategy. We're responsibly investing in our networks, which supported first quarter storm response that was considerably improved compared to last year despite more severe weather this winter. We're progressing in building new and cleaner generation resources in Kentucky that support our communities. We're achieving our O&M savings targets that benefit our customers in a time of inflationary pressures. We're driving continued economic development in our regions, including new data centers. And we're advancing an IT transformation that includes key digital solutions that will strengthen cybersecurity, improve the customer and employee experience, improve our grid operations, and make our field workers more efficient and effective in their jobs, all while lowering our ongoing technology costs. We're extremely excited about the opportunities ahead for PPL, our customers, and our share owners. And we look forward to building continued momentum as we proceed throughout the year. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Thanks. Good morning.
Vince Sorgi: Morning.
Shar Pourreza: So, let me just -- on the resource adequacy legislation that you kind of talked about in your prepared remarks. Maybe just speak a little bit what you see as the advantages of the IOUs versus the IPPs and bringing generation to market? I mean, it seems like everyone faces the same turbine Q issue. So trying to understand, I guess, what makes IOU the faster or better? Or could this actually turn into maybe providing a better price signal to generators through a longer term PPA structure. So, do you really want to build or provide that incentive for someone else to build and maybe earn on that incentive? Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Shar, there's quite a bit there in that question. I think the limitation with the market is the capacity, the market is really a one year price signal three years forward. And so right, the question becomes, is that enough to incentivize the competitive market to build new generation 30, 40-year assets and can you finance it? Obviously, that's a different calculation and calculus when you're in a regulated utility model with the asset going in rate base, it's getting depreciated over 40 years. So, from a stability of power price and predictability and reducing volatility, clearly, I think the regulated utility model can provide some benefits there. In terms of your question on the PPA versus building gen, we are absolutely willing to build an own generation in rate base in Pennsylvania, should we be allowed to do that with this new legislation. Obviously, we have one of the highest performing Gencos down in Kentucky. Our Engineering and Construction Group is building new generation as we speak. We could clearly do it in Pennsylvania as well as we're doing it in Kentucky. So, we are able and ready to provide that service to the market and our customers if we're allowed to do it. On the PPAs, we do have the ability to do some of that today under the default service provisions that we have. It would be somewhat limited when you're thinking about our load that's under default service and the need across PJM. So, we could probably do a little bit there, but not enough to really solve the issue that we're talking about, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. No, that's helpful. Let me just quickly for just a quick one for Joe. Obviously, we've been, the past few weeks, we've been getting a lot of inbounds on equity, right? I just -- I guess Joe, is a block a consideration or the forwards under the ATM kind of sufficient at this time? Thanks.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. Shar, thanks for the question. So I mean, as we've said since we provided our updated plan in February, our base case is that we'll use the ATM program to satisfy most of our equity needs. And clearly, we see it as an efficient cost-effective tool and it's obviously been that to-date. And so we feel really about where we are in now. But given our flexibility and the position that we're in, we'll remain opportunistic and continue to assess all of our options and just try to achieve the most efficient cost of capital that we can.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. But Joe is that still the ATM route?
Joe Bergstein: I mean again, we like the ATM. And we're very happy with the execution of that. But I think as we've talked about and I said before, that we will evaluate the market and use what is ever the most efficient tool at the time we have the need. So continue with the base of the ATM program, but continue to assess other options.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect, that fantastic, guys, appreciate it. Congrats on the results.
Joe Bergstein: Thanks Shar.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Bergstein: Good morning, Jeremy.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Good morning. This is actually Eden on for Jeremy. Maybe just wondering, if we could focus more on the potential tariff exposures, and it looks like in the 2024, IRP, the plan includes roughly 400 megawatts of battery storage. Maybe you could just walk through how the tariff might impact that? Or like maybe just more broadly, the domestic versus international breakdown you're kind of seeing anything else on that ones?
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. Sure. It's Joe. So we have actually two battery projects. One that was part of the 2022 CPCN for 125 megawatts that battery facility is under construction and so we're obviously talking to the vendor all the time and working closely with them to try to minimize any potential tariff impacts there. And then, the one that you referenced is in the 2025 CPCN filing for 400-megawatt storage. Clearly, we see a need for those projects given the significant economic development we're seeing and the data center interest and just that increasing demand. So we think -- continue to think that the battery is the best solution to meet that plan. But certainly, as you suggest there's potentially other options for the battery in the 2025 CPCN and if we see companies increase their U.S. production of batteries, then that could alleviate some of the pressures on the tariff. And so with that second unit, we have time, obviously, to work through that. And we'll continue to do that with a variety of vendors that are manufacturing batteries.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Got it. Thank you. And then maybe just one question on -- I appreciate the ongoing nature here, but like to what extent do you see the recent announcement in Kentucky and Oldham County kind of maybe potentially unlocking more upside to generation needs there and just any other thoughts on resident concerns or other considerations to that project's viability from your perspective?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. This is Vince, Eden. So yeah, you're referencing a potential project in Oldham County, it's called Project Lincoln. Obviously, there's been some media attention on that. We don't have a lot more to share at this point. But clearly, we are working with the developer there, excited to provide them with whatever needs they have to get that project over the goal line at this point, not much more to share. But obviously, it's a good indicator of the continued interest that we're seeing down there. That is in our 6 gigawatts of in the Q. So it's part of that that we're working through, certainly provide more information at the appropriate time when that becomes available.
Unidentified Analyst: Appreciate it. Thanks. I’ll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Zimbardo with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi : Good morning, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo : I was just going to stay in Kentucky for a little bit longer. Just could you share any perspective or thoughts on the coal executive order and if that could change the timing or kind of potential of the -- I think it's roughly 300 megawatts of retirements that you have planned?
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So I don't expect that the EO would have necessarily an immediate impact on our generation planning. You did reference our really the only plant that we have in the near term that is scheduled to retire, which is Mill Creek 2, it's a 300-megawatt unit that's scheduled to retire in the 2027 time frame, commensurate with Mill Creek 5, which is the combined cycle unit that we are currently constructing. At this point, Paul, the air permit for Mill Creek 5 depends on us retiring Mill Creek 2. But that is something that we will certainly be I think analyzing and discussing with stakeholders as part of the CPCN approval process, especially if we continue to see the interest in Kentucky around data centers and some of that load comes to fruition we may want to delay the retirement of Mill Creek 2, at least for a period of time, perhaps when Mill Creek 6, which is the one that would come on in 2031, comes online. So a lot to, I think, analyze and discuss there, not necessarily the executive order. I think that's driving that. It's more just the demand and how we want to best meet that demand, which we will, again, go through with the CPCN process that we're actively engaged with right now with the commission.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. And then I guess just overall, holistically as it relates to that and elsewhere, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but you feel comfortable on the overall capital plan, there could be some changes potentially, but you feel good on capital and the overall outlook, it sounds like.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Yes, we do. We don't have a lot of environmental CapEx in the plan. We have less than $400 million total. The 2 big components of that are the SCR at Gen 2. That's obviously in the CPCN filing that we're working through right now. We would expect at this time to continue to install that SCR that would enable us to really ensure that we can run that unit in the long term during the OSO season. So there's a real strategic need to have Gen 2 available. That's about a $150 million project. And then the remaining $250 million in there is for the fluid limitation guideline rules. Again, based on what we're seeing from the administration, we could see some modification to those rules. Not sure exactly where we'll land on that and if and how much of that $250 million will need to do. But again, that's not a material amount to our $20 billion capital plan.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Thank you very much, Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Please go ahead.
Agnie Storozynski: Thank you. So I have two questions about Pennsylvania. So I mean we haven't seen any announcements at least public announcements about the 11 gigs or even the original 9 gigs of low growth in your zone in Pennsylvania. And I'm just wondering if -- are we waiting for something? Is this -- are we waiting for some guidelines either for -- from FERC or from the Pennsylvania Utilities Commission. So that's one. And number two, speaking of the Pennsylvania PUC, the third day hearing on the interconnection of large loads, very interesting overall. I wonder the commission is clearly considering a potential model tariffs for large loads. Your representatives didn't seem that interested in that option. And I'm just wondering if you have a view overall, what it takes to have the DC load finalized in your zone?
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So I think they're somewhat related those questions, Angie. Maybe I'll start with just a lack of announcements. So not anything I'm concerned about. We are making excellent progress on a number of the projects that are in there. We don't really control the timing of when the data centers want to make those announcements. There's obviously a lot of competitive positioning that they're taking into account when they make those announcements. So we're just not going to get in front of them on that, but no concerns there. The reason I feel the way I do, and again, a proof point in our materials is the fact that we have signed energy services agreement. So even beyond just the authorization to spend money we've got to the point where we've signed agreements. And so it will just be a matter of time before those counterparties make their public announcements. What we've been able to do within those ESA agreements is really protect our existing customers from stranded asset risk, which we know is an area that has been a concern at commissions across the country. And what we've done there is, right, there's really two components that make up the cost of connecting a data center. There's the costs that are specific to the data center, and those we get reimbursed under contributions in aid of construction. So those are direct reimbursements from the data center. But then there's the other upgrades that may be required to the grid that all customers benefit from. So those costs end up going into the FERC formula rate, and they get socialized across all of our customer groups. So what we've done with the ESA agreements is we've obligated the data center customers to pay a minimum revenue based on their peak load regardless of their actual electric usage, until the cost of that socialized upgrade. So the piece that's being charged to all customers is paid off. And then we also have letters of credit and termination fees included in those agreements. So that structure essentially is protecting our customers against stranded asset risk. That's why we in the hearing, we said we don't necessarily need a model tariff to be able to achieve the same objective because we're already achieving those objectives with our ESA contracts and so our testimony was to ensure that we can maintain the flexibility required to balance getting these large loads connected to the grid, but at the same time, protecting our customers. So if there is ultimately a large load model tariff, we would just want to make sure that, that flexibility is preserved.
Angie Storozynski: But I'm just wondering -- but you're not waiting, but you're not waiting for that model tariff to be established before basically finalizing these data center deals?
Vince Sorgi: No, no. No, we're entering into ESAs as we speak. And those are not insignificant. I mean, we're talking multiple gigawatts that we're signing up.
Angie Storozynski: And just one more. So again, back to that hearing. So lots of comments there from the hyperscalers about how long load studies take? It didn't sound like that was against you at all. But there were some other utilities, especially in Eastern Pennsylvania that were saying that they need to rerun some of their load studies as there is load being added to adjacent zones, which I took up the PPL zone. So is it -- do you still have this material benefit on the time to power benefit? And is that in a sense disproportionately benefiting your zone as far as attracting the load growth in Pennsylvania?
Vince Sorgi: Absolutely. We continue to respond very quickly and nimbly to our large load customers. Again, we're getting back to them with initial quotes and study results of our studies in weeks, not months. And we consistently hear from our data center customers that it is a different experience dealing with PPL than some of our peers.
Angie Storozynski: Very good. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question today comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, Vince. Good morning, Joe.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Thanks for squeezing me in. If I could just stay on the pat that Angie brought up, I'm curious if you're able to tell us or would you tell us when we look at the chart on Slide 7 on the data center request in advanced ages, how much of that is ESAs?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. So those terms are confidential at this point. But as I just said at the end of my comments to Angie, we're talking multiple gigawatts. So not insignificant, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then if I could just pivot you talk about on the -- I'm sorry, CPCN in Kentucky. Just -- and you may have disclosed it on the last call, and I apologize if I missed it, in the filing, have you disclosed what the price is for the CCGTs and will that -- if it's not already locked in the price does that -- do you think that becomes an issue on approval of the unit?
Vince Sorgi: I mean, we do have our cost estimates in the CPCN filing. We're kind of around that $2,000 per kW as we're seeing kind of across the spectrum. At this point, based on where we are with our vendors and EPC contractors, et cetera, we feel pretty good about those amounts. But obviously, we are always engaging with the commission and updating them on cost estimates if they move significantly between the time we file the CPCN and the time that we would ultimately get approval for that. And then once that gets approved, there's like a 5% buffer that we kind of have to manage within before we'd have to go back to the commission and update those numbers further, but that's kind of how the process works.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And is there existing load like -- apologies again, is there existing load that this CCGTs are going to supply for? Or is it more on the prospective load that you see coming into the system in Kentucky as you highlight with the -- some of the data center requests there.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So what's currently been approved was the retirement of Mill Creek 1, which we retired at the end of last year, again, about a 300-megawatt coal plant. And then Mill Creek 2 is scheduled to retire in 2027. So obviously, some of that new generation is replacing those retirements. And then the new CPCN is also to really handle new load requirements that we're seeing from data centers and just other large economic development activity that's occurring in the state.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Really appreciate it. Congrats on a good quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Paz with Wolfe. Please go ahead.
David Paz: Good morning guys. Yes, pre-stating questions are essentially what I was going to ask. But just maybe following up on the data center announcements. I think in the past, you've Vince, you suggested that once you hit 1 or 2 announcements all essentially prompt others to follow suit shortly thereafter. Is that still kind of the mindset I understand you have some ESAs in place. But are you still at that kind of we can see these come pretty fast once you get the first few?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. It really depends. I mean, I think those comments were probably more relevant to Kentucky when we saw that initial announcement drew basically a doubling of the of the Q in just a couple of months when we went from 3 to 6 gigawatts of interest in Kentucky. I mean we're already dealing with 50 or 60 gigawatts of interest in PA. So there's a lot of interest, I think, not only because we can connect them very quickly, mid-2026, to the grid. And then like I said before, we're much easier to work with than your traditional utility. And they find that the speed to market is better when they're dealing with us than others. So -- and then obviously, we've talked a lot in the past just about the natural qualities of Pennsylvania, the land, the water, the cyber and then, of course, our transmission capacity. So lots of interest, I think, in PA irrespective of those announcements. I don't know that if we get one announcement that will necessarily trigger many others, but there's just a lot of activity all trying to get to, I would say, the goal line of getting connected as soon as they can in 2026.
David Paz: That makes sense. Just on the socialized cost that you were talking about when you broke down those two pieces regarding Pennsylvania. What is the -- remind me what -- how should we think about the earned return on that socialized cost? Is that just to formulate rate? And what does that ROEs including ISO adders or anything?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So those are the ROEs that are embedded in the formula rate, which is basically 10% right now.
David Paz: Okay. Great. And maybe one quick squeeze one on the 2,000 per kilowatt number. Is that inclusive of ABDC and transmission for the CCs in Kentucky?
Joe Bergstein: I think that it's -- it's very close to that. David. I don't think it's materially different between the two.
David Paz: Thank you so much.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Rapp at Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ian Rapp: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I think the bulk of questions have been answered, but maybe just focusing a little bit more on the data center tariff structure relative to the Kentucky rate case filing. And I know made a determination for Pennsylvania yet. But just curious whether there are any contemplated tariff structure changes or anything related that we would expect to see in those rate cases?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So obviously, we haven't filed those yet. So it would be more appropriate to discuss that once we make those filings. But I would say in both jurisdictions, and we are looking at whether it makes sense to have a data center or a large load tariff, not just data center.
Ian Rapp: Okay. That obviously, seen there. That’s very [indiscernible]. Again, thanks for taking the questions.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. Again, off to a good start for the year, continue the momentum as we go through the year. We have a few marketing events coming up later this week and into next week in New York. So look forward to seeing some of you then. And again, I appreciate you joining the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on a touch-tone phone. To withdraw your question, please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation conference call on fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. We'll begin today's call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO, and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. I will conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to slide two and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations, or ongoing earnings on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter investor update. Turning to slide four, I'm very proud of our PPL team and all we accomplished in 2024 in executing our utility of the future strategy. Most importantly, we continue to deliver electricity and natural gas safely, reliably, and affordably to our three and a half million customers in Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Rhode Island, and Virginia. This included top quartile transmission and distribution reliability in Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island, and generation reliability in Kentucky that remains among the nation's best. This was a fantastic result considering we saw some of the worst storms in our company's history. As our crews were called upon time and time again to restore power for our customers. To combat the more frequent and severe storms, we increased our vegetation management spending compared to plan, to enhance reliability and reduce storm-related outages. And we'll continue to review our vegetation management programs going forward to effectively balance reliability versus cost for our customers. Moving to our financial performance, we delivered ongoing earnings of $1.69 per share, the midpoint of our original 2024 guidance. While we are disappointed that we fell a penny short of the increased ongoing earnings midpoint guidance of $1.70 per share, due to some very mild weather in the second half of December, we're confident that the increased vegetation spend was in the best interest of all of our stakeholders in closing out the year. Turning to other 2024 highlights, we executed $3.1 billion of planned infrastructure investments on time and on budget to strengthen grid reliability and resilience, in advance of a safe, reliable, affordable, and cleaner energy mix. We also continued our focus on becoming more efficient and keeping energy affordable, achieving the top end of our cumulative annual O&M savings target of $130 million from a 2021 baseline through continued deployment of smart grid technology, automation, and data science. As shared on our third quarter call, we completed the integration of Rhode Island Energy into PPL, exiting the transition services agreement we entered with National Grid when we acquired Rhode Island Energy in May 2022. The integration involved exiting more than 130 transition services in phases over the past two years, with careful attention paid to minimizing any impacts on our customers and employees along the way. Overall, I'm immensely proud of the strong collaboration and teamwork that took place across PPL and with National Grid to achieve this success. Moving to slide five, today, we announced an updated business plan that strengthens and extends our runway for annual earnings and dividend growth while supporting the delivery of safe, reliable, and affordable energy for our customers. In connection with this update, we announced our 2025 ongoing earnings forecast range of $1.75 to $1.87 per share. The midpoint of this range, $1.81 per share, represents 7% growth from our original 2024 forecast midpoint and year-end result of $1.69 per share. Looking beyond 2025, we are extending our 6% to 8% annual earnings and dividend growth through at least 2028, which is based off the 2025 forecast midpoint. Given the strength of our updated plan, we are confident that we can achieve the top half of our targeted growth rate range over this period. Underpinning these updated targets is a refreshed capital plan that includes $20 billion in expected infrastructure investments from 2025 through 2028. This compares to $14.3 billion in our prior plan period. Our updated plan includes a mix of investments aimed at strengthening the grid against current and future weather impacts, speeding up our ability to restore power when storms strike, and advancing a cleaner energy mix without compromising on reliability and affordability. These critical investments are expected to drive average annual rate base growth of between 9.5% and 10% through 2028, up from 6.3% over the prior plan period, which strengthens the predictability of our growth targets. In support of customer affordability, and a critical component of our strategy, we remain hyper-focused on improving operational efficiency across the enterprise. As for every dollar of O&M we can take out of the business, we can fund an average of $8 of capital without impacting the customer bill. I'm very proud of how our teams across PPL have embraced the drive to innovate and work smarter and more efficiently for our customers. We continue to expect cumulative annual O&M savings of at least $175 million through 2026 based off the 2021 baseline. Given the significant increase in capital needs in our updated plan, we expect to need $2.5 billion of equity through 2028. This supports our strong credit metrics, which we expect to maintain throughout the plan period. Finally, today we also announced a quarterly common stock dividend of 27.25 cents per share. This represents approximately a 6% increase from the current quarterly dividend, which is at the lower end of our target range given the significant capital investment needs in our updated plan. Turning to slide six, over the past year, we've made substantial progress in our utility of the future strategy, which sets us up well heading into 2025. We've restructured our business and realigned departments and teams across PPL to better execute the strategy, implement best practices across the enterprise, increase operational efficiencies, and drive continuous improvement. These changes have already begun to yield significant benefits. We also kicked off an IT transformation initiative that will bring alignment of our systems across PPL. This included engaging with some of the world's leading technology companies, exploring new opportunities to apply cutting-edge technology in the utility industry to deliver a better experience for our customers and employees. As we continue to make decisions and plan for the future, we will increasingly use AI and other advanced technologies to inform our decisions, optimize our asset planning and maintenance, better manage supply and demand on the grid, and empower our customers through digital solutions and better service. I'm convinced our investments in technology will deliver better results at lower costs for our customers. Over the past year, we've also begun to execute our planned generation replacement strategy in Kentucky that will advance a reliable, affordable, and cleaner energy mix. Last fall, for instance, we broke ground on construction of a new 640-megawatt combined cycle natural gas plant at our Mill Creek facility. And throughout 2024, we continue to advance our plans for the development of 240 megawatts of new company-owned solar and 125 megawatts of battery storage. We continue to drive innovation and invest in research and development, partnering with more than 30 different organizations on over 175 R&D initiatives, including one of the industry's leading carbon capture projects at our Cane Run combined cycle natural gas plant in Kentucky. In addition, we've developed common design and operation standards across our utilities that will continue to bring advanced technologies, best practices, and more robust engineering and construction specifications for future grid designs. And while wildfire risks are low throughout most of the areas we serve, we take nothing for granted when it comes to public safety and in 2024, implemented wildfire mitigation plans at all of our utilities. We remain committed to helping drive economic development in our service territories, including supporting significant data center build-out as we recognize that data center growth expansion is key to America's future economic competitiveness and national security. Finally, we continue to engage with key stakeholders to strengthen resource adequacy in PJM. In Pennsylvania, specifically, we continue to advocate for a state-focused no-regret strategy that addresses impending energy shortfalls and provides the state with additional tools to help protect customers from price volatility and reliability concerns. We believe one way to do this is to allow regulated electric utilities to invest in generation resources up to and including owning and operating generation again. This would complement the competitive market by addressing resource adequacy gaps rather than relying solely on market forces to deliver a solution. Turning to slide seven and a brief regulatory update. We continue to advance on several key regulatory proceedings across our jurisdictions and expect to file a few more this year. Starting in Kentucky, LG and KU continue to advance their latest integrated resource plan through the Kentucky Public Service Commission's review process. Since it was filed last October, the process has proceeded as expected, with a public hearing scheduled for May 13th. Our analysis continues to support the need for additional generation capacity by the end of the decade. We've updated our capital plans to reflect our recommended path forward. Informed by this IRP, we expect to file a CPCN request later this quarter to address near-term generation needs. Finally, we anticipate filing a base rate case in Kentucky later this summer, with our current stay-out period ending on July 1st. As a reminder, LG and KU's last base rate increase was about four years ago in July 2021. Turning to Pennsylvania, PPL Electric Utilities continues to await a PUC decision on our petition to increase the distribution system improvement charge to 9% of revenue from the current cap of 5%. In late November, a PUC administrative law judge recommended the denial of our petition. Despite that recommendation, we continue to believe in the merits of our request. We've since filed exceptions to the recommended decision and await a final order from the commission. Also in Pennsylvania, we continue to evaluate the timing of our next rate case, where we've not had a base rate increase since January 1st, 2016. The team has done an outstanding job of making critical investments while becoming more efficient, resulting in solid financial performance over that time period. We are evaluating the timing of a Pennsylvania rate case given increased capital investment, continued frequency and intensification of storms, and overall inflationary impacts. Turning to Rhode Island, in late December, Rhode Island Energy filed its annual electric and gas infrastructure safety and reliability plans for fiscal year 2026, which covers investments from April of this year through March of 2026. Our electric ISR filing seeks a total budget of about $260 million for infrastructure investments, including nearly $90 million for advanced metering functionality, which has already been approved by the Rhode Island Public Utility Commission, as well as certain costs for vegetation management and other costs relating to maintaining safety and reliability. Our gas ISR filing, meanwhile, takes a total budget of about $225 million to sustain and enhance the safety and reliability of our gas distribution system. Hearings on both plans will be conducted in March, with a decision expected by April 1st. Meanwhile, we continue to expect to file a base rate case in Rhode Island in the fourth quarter of 2025 following the conclusion of our stay-out period on October 1st. Remember that as part of our transition plans for Rhode Island Energy, we had agreed not to file for a base rate increase until we had been off the transition service agreement with National Grid for a full twelve months. We completed the transition services in September of 2024. Moving to slide eight, and an update on data center development in our service territories. We continue to see substantial interconnection requests in Pennsylvania, and now have over 56 gigawatts in our queue. While we continue to recognize that there's likely duplication in that figure, we have nearly 9 gigawatts in advanced stages of development. We estimate potential transmission capital investment of between $600 and $700 million for these projects. We've included about $400 million in our updated capital plan, which was prioritized based on the requested interconnection dates. As we've shared previously, we expect that each new data center connection in Pennsylvania will lower transmission costs for customers, with savings expected to ramp up over the next several years as data centers begin to pay more significant transmission costs. In Kentucky, we were pleased to announce our first hyperscale data center customer in Jeff County, the latest example of the state's success and our support in attracting economic development. A joint venture between powerhouse data centers and PoE companies involves the development of a 400-megawatt data center campus located in Louisville. The first 130 megawatts are expected to come online in October 2026, with demand growing to the full 400 megawatts by 2028. Meanwhile, active data center requests in Kentucky continue to meaningfully increase and have doubled since our Q3 call, with nearly 6 gigawatts of potential demand in our queue. In summary, we continue to see robust demand in both states and look forward to continuing to support these important customers. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to slide ten. PPL's fourth quarter GAAP earnings were $0.24 per share, compared to $0.15 per share in Q4 2023. We recorded special items of $0.10 per share during the fourth quarter primarily due to integration and related expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy and IT transformation costs. Adjusting for these special items, fourth quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.34 per share, a decrease of $0.06 per share from Q4 2023. On an annual basis, our 2024 GAAP earnings were $1.20 per share compared to $1.00 per share in 2023. Adjusting for special items recorded throughout the year, our 2024 ongoing earnings were $1.69 per share, an improvement of $0.09 per share compared to our 2023 results. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the fourth quarter on slide eleven. Our Kentucky segment results were flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Kentucky's results were driven by higher sales volumes, primarily due to favorable weather compared to last year. The favorable weather impact was offset by higher operating costs, which included the higher vegetation management costs as Vince mentioned earlier. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment results were also flat compared to the same period a year ago. Pennsylvania's results were primarily driven by higher transmission revenues, offset by higher operating costs in several areas including increased vegetation management costs and an increase in uncollectibles. Our Rhode Island segment results decreased by $0.03 per share compared to the same period a year ago. This decrease was primarily driven by lower transmission and distribution revenues, which included a favorable annual ISR true-up recognized in Q4 2023. Finally, results at corporate and other decreased by $0.03 per share compared to the same period a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to higher interest expense from increased holding company debt balances and higher income taxes driven by higher tax credits recognized last year. Moving to slide twelve. We continue to build a track record of delivering our 6% to 8% annual growth target and achieve 7% growth from $1.58, our original 2023 forecast midpoint. Looking ahead, we remain extremely confident in our growth and the plan we've rolled out today strengthens that even further. We've extended our 6% to 8% annual EPS growth target another year to 2028, and expect to achieve growth in the upper half of that range. At our updated plan, our growth will be driven by the significant investment needs and the corresponding rate base growth across the enterprise. In connection with that investment, we do expect to experience some regulatory lag over this period while needing equity to support this meaningful growth, and we are shifting from earnings driven by rate-based growth and O&M savings to growth primarily driven by rate-based growth. Our updated plan clearly positions PPL to deliver strong, sustainable growth for shareholders, and improved service for our customers for years to come. Moving to slide thirteen, we've provided a walk from the midpoint of our original 2024 ongoing earnings of $1.69 per share to our 2025 forecast midpoint. Starting with our Kentucky segment, we project results to increase by $0.05 per share in 2025. The increase is projected to be driven by higher sales volumes, due to a return to normal weather and modest weather-normalized growth, lower operating costs, and higher AFUDC income related to new generation and AMI projects. These increases are expected to be partially offset by higher interest expense, due to higher projected debt balances as we finance our capital investments. In Pennsylvania, we also project segment results to increase by $0.05 per share in 2025. Returns on additional capital investments in transmission and lower operating costs are projected to be partially offset by higher interest expense due to higher debt balances. Rhode Island segment results are expected to increase by $0.04 per share in 2025 compared to our 2024 results, primarily due to increased rider revenue from capital investments and lower operating costs, partially offset by higher interest expense. Finally, we project our corporate and other results to decrease by $0.02 per share in 2025 primarily due to higher interest expense. Our 2025 earnings forecast does not include the impact of any base rate cases in any of our jurisdictions, as we do not expect any rate increases to take effect until January 2026 at the earliest. Turning to slide fourteen. Over the next four years, we have planned capital investments of $20 billion to meet the growing demand needs on our networks, to continue to provide reliable service and enhance the overall customer experience, and to support economic expansion in our service territories. This includes advancing industry-leading grid modernization, expanding and hardening our transmission and distribution networks, improving the safety of our natural gas networks, implementing our approved generation replacement plan in Kentucky, and building new generation that is necessary to support future load growth. This plan represents a $5.7 billion increase in capital investments compared to the prior four-year plan, with nearly $4 billion of that increase expected to occur between 2025 and 2027. Most of the increase in that time frame is projected to be in Kentucky and Pennsylvania. In Kentucky, we see nearly $1.3 billion of additional investment related to new generation to support the growing demands in our service territory, and additional environmental retrofits on our coal fleet. The new generation investments assume that our plan aligns with the recommended resource plan submitted in our IRP, including two combined cycle natural gas plants with 2030 and 2031 in-service dates, and 400 megawatts of battery storage by 2028. We also project about $500 million of additional transmission and distribution investment to strengthen and modernize the grid, which is critical given more intense and frequent storms, including significant impacts from tornadoes. In Pennsylvania, we see nearly $1 billion of additional distribution system investment needed to support grid resiliency and another $200 million of transmission investments to support data center growth. In addition, we added nearly $600 million of IT investments across the enterprise. These needed upgrades will enhance cybersecurity, improve our customers' experience, and enhance the efficiency of our back-office functions like finance, supply chain, and human resources. We continue to expect significant investment needs into the end of this decade as reflected in our 2028 forecast of $5 billion. This includes investments needed to continue to replace aging infrastructure, increase reliability and resiliency, construct new generation in Kentucky to support growing demand and economic development in the region. Turning to slide fifteen. These additional capital investments are projected to lead to annual rate-based growth of 9.8% from 2024 to 2028. This compares to annual rate base growth of 6.3% in our prior plan period from 2023 to 2027. As shown on the slide, two-thirds of our rate base relates to investments in our electric T&D networks given the significant needs as we strengthen and modernize the grid. The percentage of our total rate base related to coal generation is expected to be less than 11% by the end of 2028, down from about 16% today. Coal will remain a critical generation resource for us in Kentucky well into the future, especially given the expected low growth in the region. However, as our coal plants reach the end of their useful lives, with the next significant tranche of retirements expected in the mid-2030s, we continue to expect to replace that coal generation with a mix of natural gas, renewables, and energy storage solutions. In summary, you can see the updated capital needs drive meaningful growth in the company's rate base. While we are transitioning to a more traditional rate-based growth-driven model, delivering operating efficiencies will remain central to our strategy to continue to support customer affordability. We remain keenly focused on optimizing our business which will allow us to continue to make prudent investments in the most efficient manner. Moving to an update on PPL's credit on our financing plan for 2025 on slide sixteen. We continue to believe that having one of the sector's strongest balance sheets is a clear strategic advantage that provides the company with significant financial flexibility. And our updated business plan maintains strong credit metrics throughout while supporting our earnings growth targets. This includes maintaining a 16% to 18% FFO to debt ratio and a holding company to total debt ratio below 25%. We expect equity needs of $2.5 billion over the planning period to fund the growth associated with the increased capital investments. We plan to establish an ATM program to support these financing needs and may complement that with other equity-like financing structures to the extent they provide an efficient cost to capital. In terms of debt financing, we have limited near-term refinancing risk, with only $550 million of total utility maturities in 2025. And we continue to maintain limited floating rate debt exposure, approximately 5% of total long-term debt at year-end. Our solid financial foundation keeps us very well positioned to execute our updated business plan and growth targets while we deliver value for customers and shareholders. Moving to slide seventeen, we continue to view the dividend as an important piece of total shareholder return. Today, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 27.25 cents per share to be paid on April 1st to shareholders of record as of March 10th. This results in an annualized dividend of $1.09 per share compared to our prior annualized dividend of $1.03 per share, approximately a 6% increase. We continue to target future dividend growth within 6% to 8% per year. We expect dividend growth to remain at the lower end of the range through the current plan period given the meaningful CapEx plan. The combination of PPL's EPS growth and current dividend yield continues to provide investors with an attractive total return proposition in the range of 9% to 12%. This concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Joe. In closing, I remain as excited as ever about PPL's future. We have positioned the company as an agile forward-looking organization poised for long-term growth and success. That growth is backed by a robust capital plan, featuring $20 billion in infrastructure improvements from 2025 through 2028. Through at least 2028, we offer investors visible and predictable long-term earnings per share growth in the top half of the 6% to 8% range with dividend growth closer to 6% given the significant capital investments in the updated plan. It's also a plan that our customers can afford. And one where they can continue to expect reliable service and continued improvement to the overall customer experience. We maintain one of the strongest balance sheets in our sector, a clear strategic advantage that provides significant financial flexibility. And importantly, we have a strong track record of operational excellence, consistently delivering top quartile transmission and distribution reliability, and top decile generation reliability. We have the right strategy for the right time. Our vision is to be the best utility in the US. And we're absolutely determined to achieve this vision. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. You may press star then one on your touch-tone phone. If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the key. If at any time your question has been addressed, and you would like to withdraw your question, please press star then two. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. The first question today comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team. Sorry. I was on mute. Talking to myself. Hey. Congrats on the update here. And then the capital plan raise. I just I've got two questions. One, on the Kentucky CPCN. Maybe just updated thoughts there. What are you as you get closer to our filing, how many megawatts capital investment? I assume it's included in the $1.3 billion capital increase for Kentucky, but just thoughts there and when to expect a final decision.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Durgesh. So what we've updated in the capital plan is our recommended resource plan that we had in the IRP. We had filed and it's currently going through review with the commission. In total for generation in the plan, we've added about $2.5 billion that includes two new combined cycle plants with a 2030 and 2031 in-service date. Includes 400 megawatts of additional battery storage projects with in-service dates in the 2028 time frame. That is needed to cover us before the CCGTs come online with expected low growth from large load customers in Kentucky. And then it also includes some additional environmental spend on the coal fleet including the SCR on Jen.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. Thank you. Thank you for that color. And it's presumably, that all of that will be captured in the CPCN filings or are those gonna be staged?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. That update yes. That is that's consistent with the recommended resource plan, which will be the basis for the CPCN we'll file that by the end of the first quarter. We would expect the decision by the fourth quarter.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up question on the equity issuance. Just should we assume that ratable $2.5 billion or just any color and timing on how you initiate that equity?
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. I guess it's Joe. So, I mean, look, we have flexibility on the timing of those issuances given the quality of the balance sheet. And as I indicated, we may complement that ATM with other equity-like financing structures. So but let me look, I think, for modeling purposes, you could assume something in the order of $400 to $500 million this year and then sort of tracking the capital plan as we go through the plan period. But again, we'll be flexible and we'll take advantage of the market conditions as we have funding needs.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. You, guys. I appreciate the time.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning. Thank you very much. To follow-up on the equity side of the equation, if you could help unpack the comment you had about complement with other equity-like financing structures. Is that that there's other equity linked in the debt? That's something you could do to reduce the equity financing. If you could just explain that a little bit, please.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. Sure, Paul. I mean yeah. And you're right. There's obviously hybrids that get 50% equity treatment from the agencies. And so you know, I think from a base assumption, we view the ATM as a cost-effective tool to issue that equity, but there's other means to do that. And so we'll be, as I said, opportunistic around that, and there's you know, points in times that there's funding means that are more efficient than others. And so given the balance sheet and the position that we're in, we just have we have the flexibility to do that. So we'll take advantage of market conditions as they come.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. I understand there. And then shifting back to Kentucky generation and just the data center opportunity set now that you kind of have built the entire 400-megawatt bucket, just if hypothetically there was a one-gigawatt data center in Kentucky. Could you just describe, like, what kind of length, ability to serve you have? Pro forma for the new combined cycles that you're adding.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Sure. So just wanted to think about reserve margins in Kentucky. Right? Our summer margins for this year are just over 20%, Paul, and then winter is around 27% ish. With the in-service date of our Mill Creek CCGT Mill Creek five, which is expected to go in service in 2027, we would be able to accommodate the 400 megawatts of data center that we recently announced. But not much more. As you know, with the load growth that we're projecting, right, and with what we filed in the IRP for the two additional CCGTs going to service in 2030 and 2031. That's why we're also including 400 megawatts of batteries to provide an interim solution between that first ECGT going online in 2027 and then the second two in 2030 and 2031. So that's really the basis for that battery solution in the 2028 time frame.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. So if there is a pickup in Kentucky load, whatever class that would require more generation. Is that fair?
Vince Sorgi: Yes.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from James Kennedy with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
James Kennedy: Hey, guys. Good morning. Congrats, Michael. Thanks for taking the questions. So, Vince, if I can just come back to resource adequacy in Pennsylvania. You mentioned regulated generation in the prepared. It seems like some stakeholders still wanna wait for competitive entry. So I guess maybe just some more color on what you see as the pathway forward here in this legislative session. And in your view, how much of a time cushion really remains?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Look, I would obviously, this is a major legislation, around energy policy in the state. We are clearly an energy leader in PJM as really the state that drives most of the generation in PJM as we know. So energy policy in PA will be critical as we think about state resource adequacy but also PJM. So obviously, there's been no legislation proposed yet. We are very actively engaged with the governor's office, various legislators, of course, with the PC, I would say those discussions remain constructive and we would expect some proposed legislation to be proposed in this legislative session, perhaps as early as the spring or summer. Know, we've talked a bit about what could be in that legislation. I think there's, you know, a number of things that we've heard from various legislators. Obviously, we're talking quite a bit about permitting utilities to invest in and ultimately, own and operate generation again in rate base. So that could be one. They could create incentives within the bill for utilities and the market, i.e., IPPs, to enter into long-term power purchase agreements beyond what is currently allowed under our default service plans, which is pretty limiting. You know, we've seen IPPs escalated with proposals like the Texas Energy Fund, Senator Yaw has the base load energy development fund, very similar to the Texas Energy Fund, low-cost financing to help, you know, lower the cost of new entry for generation. So I could see any or all of those potentially making it into legislation. And again, we'll support ultimately whatever the state wants to do that supports getting generation built in Pennsylvania and supporting PJM resource adequacy.
James Kennedy: Okay. Got it. And then just on the Pennsylvania data center spend, so you rolled in $400 million, I think, with this update. But there's more to go. So just how should we think about the cadence of updates on that balance? Will you update throughout the year? You have to wait for customer announcements? Just any more color there. Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Sure. We'll certainly be able to provide updates on that as we go through the year, you know, as we think about Pennsylvania and the six gigawatts or so that's in the queue. Obviously, we believe there's duplication in that number. But as we kind of peel that back a bit, we have the nine gigawatts of projects in advanced stages, so we have a higher degree of confidence in those. But, you know, kind of if I take a, you know, like a fifty-fifty probability, the projects that we kind of fit in that fifty-fifty bucket, that nine goes to, like, twelve or thirteen. So we'll certainly be keeping an eye on those projects as they progress through the development process and move up into that advanced stage. But you're right. Up to $600 to $700 million, we've only included $400 in the plan. And clearly, we'll provide updates to that as those projects continue to move in the development phase.
James Kennedy: Perfect. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: The next question comes from Gary Antonette with JT Morgan. Please go ahead.
Gary Antonette: Hi. Good morning, Johnny. Good morning, buddy. Just wanted to, I guess, circle back on customer bills. And how you think about that at this point in time, the amount of headroom there. You know, given a big step up in cap.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Jeremy, it's a great question. Right? And I'll just reiterate, and you guys notice about and our strategy all along that we keep affordability top of mind in front and center and it is such a key component of our strategy. It's why we remain so focused on driving efficiencies across the business. Right? We've talked about that eight to one ratio for every dollar of O&M we can take out of the business. We can fund on average eight dollars of CapEx and not impact the customer bill. So even beyond the $175 million to 2026, we will remain laser-focused continuing to drive cost out of the business primarily for affordability reasons. When we look at this plan update, we believe that we can the updated plan without unduly impacting affordability as we would expect average bill increases to generally remain within the rate of inflation. So again, we think our customers can afford this plan.
Gary Antonette: Got it. Thank you. And then ahead of upcoming filings in Kentucky, just wondering any more thoughts you could provide with conversations with commission stakeholders there given the new newer composition of the commission. Just wondering any other insights there.
Vince Sorgi: Nothing out of the ordinary. If this should be a clean CPCN, it'll be it'll track the IRP recommended resource plan. So obviously, the commission is reviewing the IRP right now. We would expect them to issue their order on the IRP by mid-July. That's just how that process progresses. Obviously, we're not waiting for that decision necessarily before we would file our CPCN. But, otherwise, consistency there. So not expecting there to be any surprises at the commission level with these filings.
Gary Antonette: Got it. And just a quick last one if I could. The 6% to 8% EPS CAGR you outlined there, just wondering, I guess, how you see the cadence of growth across that, Wendy's expect 7% next year? Or just wondering if there's any dynamics to that trajectory?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Generally, I would say it's linear. So we're continuing to maintain linear growth off of our, you know, our new midpoint for 2025.
Gary Antonette: Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hey. Good morning. One sec. So just to sort of follow-up here, with the potential for new generation, you know, utility-owned generation. It would appear in the current auction environment that that could substantially lower cost wholesale costs. I'm just sort of wondering how you see that working and when the soonest mean, assuming that, let's say, you did get legislation this year when that could show up, if you follow what I'm saying, just sort of a timing on that.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. So as I think about the capacity options, maybe more broadly, Paul. Right? Our governor actually negotiated a settlement with PJM to cap the auctions at a ceiling of $325 per megawatt day and a floor of $175. That's for the next two auctions. And look, don't think it's unreasonable to believe that those auctions wouldn't clear at the caps, of $325. A lot will go into those when you think about just the higher load curves coming from data centers across all of PJM. Seeing a lot of interest as we know. Clearly from us, but also our peers. So clearly, we're expecting that demand curve to go up. Look, at those higher prices, though, I would expect some of the generation that was in being to retire in the prior auction would likely come back in, so that could help mitigate some price increases, but ultimately over the next two options, I don't know if it's unreasonable that we'll see that cap cleared. If we go through this year, with getting legislation approved where utilities could own again. There would be, you know, some period of time where either the PEC or some other regulatory body that needs to, kind of administer that, the law would need to get set up and figure out how they're going to go through the process to approve generation, not exactly sure how long that would take, but I would expect, you know, six plus months for that to happen. And then of course, we know what the supply constraints are with getting new turbines installed if you're talking about combined cycle plants. Obviously, it's a little bit less if you're talking about peakers, but you know, so figure, you know, kind of three to five years to get generation then built. So it's certainly a long-term game, but obviously, once we start to be able to put new generation in those future options, that's what could help temper the pricing as you know.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with respect to the DISC, the DSIC. I apologize if I missed this, but it at least from what I was thinking, I was thinking it's gonna be maybe addressed a little bit earlier, is there any time frame? If you could just give us a little update in terms of what that what you what you expected to be. I apologize if you asked this is answered already, but if you could just help me on that.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. Paul, it's Joe. Yes. We're still waiting for the commission to make a decision on the disc waiver. You know, what I don't know when that will be, and so we'll just wait for the commission to make a decision there. There's not there's nothing scheduled at this point that I could point you to, so we just.
Paul Patterson: And there's no issue, though, or anything that's come up that we should be aware of?
Joe Bergstein: No. Not from the commission perspective. We're just awaiting the decision.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks.
Operator: As a reminder, if you have a question, the next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I'm not gonna ask about Pennsylvania or the legislative session. That's a I'll let that go for now. So but instead okay. So you have this very meaningful increase in the rate base growth. And, yes, it comes with additional equity. And I'm actually surprised that it doesn't result in an increased growth earnings growth trajectory. And also speaking about the equity, I mean, you have this particularly strong balance sheet in the utility industry. We're not leaning into it to finance the growth, hence the incremental equity. And I'm just again, it's just it's hard to believe that, again, the rate base is accelerating so much, and yet there is no commensurate increase in the earnings growth.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. Angie, it's Joe. Maybe let me touch on the balance sheet first, and then we could talk about growth. I mean, look, you're we have a strong balance sheet, and we think that gives us a strategic advantage that we certainly wanna maintain, and we believe that the strong earnings growth that we have along with the strong balance sheet puts us in a great position to deliver value for shareholders over the long term. And mitigate risk that we could converse and uncertainties that we could see in the future. And so our focus is on the long term, not short term. Maybe, you know, pops or what have you in an earnings growth rate, but to deliver for the long term and we think about the combination of that growth and that balance sheet allows us to do that. And that's why we wanna know, the equity and the plan to finance the growth that we've talked about today. As far as where we are within that growth rate range, I mean, look, I think having, you know, having a gap between rate base growth and earnings growth certainly is not uncommon and some of that is obviously driven by the equity financing needs. But, you know, as we put together our business plan, there's a lot of assumptions that go into developing a business plan, and I think we've made reasonable assumptions there. And those reasonable assumptions give us the confidence in our growth rate, but as always, we'll be laser-focused on optimizing around those. That's, you know, execution of the capital plan, execution of the financing plan, regulatory outcome, O&M management, storm response, and that's just, you know, to obviously name a few. And certainly, that gives us the ability to offset any uncertainties if they arise. And if not and we're successful in optimizing that, then we would, you know, certainly do better than our base assumption, and that's where our focus lies.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then on the 2024 results, so the hold call drag was probably the biggest surprise here. I understand the interest rate angle, but is there so when I look at 2024 and, like, the future years, is there like, an additional tax component which, the benefit which will go away, which would sort of exacerbate the drag especially beyond 2025.
Joe Bergstein: I'm sorry. I missed the first part of your question. No. Because you said that the reason why there was such a that there was such a, you know, increase in the hold call drag or the corporate another drag versus 2023 was because there was some tax benefit reflected in 2023 results versus 2024. So I'm remaining tax shield that will go away that will exacerbate the drag beyond 2025.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. Sorry. I understand the question. No. What there isn't on the year-on-year is we did have some tax benefit in 2023 with the transferability of tax credits and our ability to utilize those from prior periods, particularly around the sale of WPD. And so that's just a year-on-year variance that you're seeing. Okay. I wouldn't expect that to go forward. Right? In that regard.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Bergstein: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from David Paz with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
David Paz: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for the time. I should before I get to my question, just a clarification on the EPS growth annual cadence question earlier. When you said expect to be linear, is that fair to say each year you expect to be on the upper half of that range. So, like, seven to eight each year? Or do you mean just six to eight?
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. David, it's Joe. Maybe just obviously, for 2025, we're showing a 7% growth rate there, and that's kind of where we delivered since we're strategic repositioning and, you know, we've come out with a new plan. And we've done that without rate cases, and, you know, there's no rate cases effective in 2025. In this plan, and we certainly don't expect to have any. So you know, I think once we get beyond the rate case period, that's where we see the, you know, growth in the upper half of the range.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Yeah. So, you know, 2025 is really the year the last year that we're, you know, kind of in the stay-outs across all three jurisdictions. So moving from earnings growth coming from rate base and O&M efficiencies to more rate base driven. So as Joe said, you know, kind of delivering that 7%, the midpoint through 2025 and then able to do better than that once we kind of get back into a normal rate case cycle.
David Paz: Great. That makes sense. Actually, just on the cases or more specifically your earned returns, just what are what are you embedding for Kentucky and Pennsylvania in your long-term outlook? If you don't wanna get specific specific, just give us a sense of how, you know, they compare relative to where we currently see it ROEs in those segments.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. So we've obviously, you know, through this period of staying out of rate cases, done a great job in managing O&M for the ultimate benefit of customers and affordability, and that's helped support ROEs that are, you know, at or near the alloweds. Obviously, with the significant increase in the capital plan, that'll put some pressure on those. We are going into rate cases kind of across the board here over the planning period. And so I don't wanna get into specifics around rate case or ROE assumptions. I think, again, they're reasonable to that point, and we do experience some level of lagging between rate cases, but that's something that we'll stay focused on and work to minimize and earn around our allowed ROEs.
David Paz: Great. Thank you. And then just actually on the cost of your gas, I see the 2030 2031. Do you have a rough estimate of what the dollar per kilowatt is? Are they a ballpark or Mill Creek fives?
Vince Sorgi: Update or the higher the cost of the CCG? In 2030 and 2031, is that what you're asking?
David Paz: Yes.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. We would well, right now, I mean, you'll see those in the CPCN. We're kind of refreshing all of that right now, so I don't wanna get in front of that. But ultimately, you know, it's they're similar to what we're seeing with Mill Creek High.
David Paz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. Looking forward to getting out on the road and seeing you all to discuss this in more detail. Thanks again for joining us, and we'll see you soon.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation conference call on third quarter 2024 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. We'll begin today's call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. And we'll conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings on this call. Reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures please refer to the appendix. I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy and good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter investor update. Let's start with our financial results and a few highlights from our third quarter performance on Slide 4. Today, we reported third quarter GAAP earnings of $0.29 per share. Adjusting for special items, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.42 per share. Given the strength of our year-to-date performance, we narrowed our 2024 ongoing earnings forecast to $1.67 to $1.73 per share from the prior forecast range of $1.63 to $1.75 per share. As a result, we've increased the midpoint of $0.01 to $1.70 per share. Throughout the third quarter, we continue to make excellent progress on delivering our 2024 priorities. We're on track to complete approximately $3.1 billion in infrastructure improvements this year to advance a reliable, resilient, affordable and cleaner energy future for our customers. And through our ongoing business transformation initiatives, we're on pace to achieve our annual O&M savings target of $120 million to $130 million this year compared our 2021 baseline O&M. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to achieve our projected 6% to 8% annual earnings per share and dividend growth through at least 2027. We're focused on executing our capital plan, which includes $14.3 billion in infrastructure improvements from 2024 to 2027, with continued potential upside driven by data center connections in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, new generation in Kentucky, new enterprise-wide technology investments and additional resiliency investments across all of our jurisdictions as we combat more frequent and severe storms. And across PPL, we continue to drive efficiencies through our Utility of the Future strategy, keeping us on pace to achieve our annual O&M savings target of at least $175 million by 2026, which again is compared to our 2021 baseline. Moving to Slide 5. On October 18, LG&E and KU submitted their updated Integrated Resource Plan, or IRP to the Kentucky Public Service Commission. The IRP provides a robust analysis of a wide range of variables, including demand growth, fuel prices, supply-side resource costs, and pending environmental regulations, all to guide our resource planning. This year's IRP examined 300 potential resource portfolio and fuel price combinations to arrive at a plan to most effectively meet forecasted demand over the next 15 years. It's important to note that the IRP is submitted for informational purposes only. That said, the detailed analysis provides reasonable insights about future generation needs and helps us to identify no regrets recommendations, given there is uncertainty with some of the inputs. Key drivers in our latest IRP analysis, includes stronger demand forecast and higher costs for new supply-side resources from what we saw in our last IRP, which was filed three years ago in 2021. In terms of demand, our mid-load scenario reflects load growth of nearly 1.5% annually through 2039. But more importantly, projects annual load growth of over 3% through 2032, which is significantly impacted by projected data center load. We evaluated several scenarios for data centers ranging from 0 to nearly 2 gigawatts of new load by 2032 with the mid-load scenario assuming just over 1 gigawatt. Based on the interest levels that LG&E and KU have already seen from developers, we view no or low data center growth as unlikely. Regarding the cost of new generation, we've seen those costs increase markedly since our 2021 IRP except for batteries. That increases the relative value of our existing generation resources and significantly impacted the generation mix recommended in this year's IRP. Regarding the battery costs, this is the first time in our ongoing resource planning that the sum of capital and non-fuel O&M costs for battery storage with tax incentives included is less than the cost of new simple-cycle combustion turbines. For this reason, our recommended plan includes the addition of 900 megawatts of battery storage. Importantly, due to the price increases in solar generation, we are not assuming the 637 megawatts of solar PPAs that were approved by the KPSC and our 2022 CPCN get built. As noted in our IRP, the impact of environmental regulations remains a key uncertainty as three major regulations are the subject of current federal court challenges. Our IRP modeled four different environmental regulation scenarios ranging from none to all of the regulations becoming enforceable. The updated IRP assumes all resources and retirements approved in our last CPCN proceeding are completed as planned by 2028, except for the solar PPAs that I just mentioned. This includes our approved plans to retire 600 megawatts of aging coal and 50 megawatts of aging peaking units by 2027. In addition, it includes building a new 640-megawatt natural gas combined cycle unit, 240 megawatts of company-owned solar, and 125 megawatts of battery storage. Above and beyond this generation, the IRP lays out several resource plans, including two we've referenced on this slide, a recommended resource plan, as well as an enhanced solar applicable in certain scenarios. The recommended plan reflects our no-regrets approach to planning, much like our latest CPCN filing and includes important generation development even if scenarios that reflect high economic load growth or CO2 regulations do not come to fruition. This plant projects the need to build an additional 2,700 megawatts of new generation from 2028 through 2035 to safely, reliably and affordably serve future demand growth. This includes two new 650-megawatt combined cycle natural gas plants, one in 2030 and another one in 2031. It includes the addition of 400 megawatts of new battery storage in 2028 and 500 megawatts of additional battery storage in 2035. It also includes 500 megawatts of solar in 2035. The recommended plan also projects the need to add new environmental controls at the Gen and Trimble County coal plants to ensure compliance with ELG and NOx regulations. The enhanced solar plan meanwhile differs from the recommended plan only in the timing and level of new solar generation added, rather than adding 500 megawatts of solar in 2035, the enhanced solar plant would accelerate and boost solar additions to 1,000 megawatts by 2032 to address potential data center interest in carbon-free generation, or a faster than projected decline in solar prices. Based on our analysis of current factors, we see potential additional generation needs ranging from 2,700 to 3,200 megawatts with associated capital investments, including the environmental retrofits for coal plants of $6 billion to $7 billion through 2035 using current pricing estimates. We also evaluated the prospects of joining an RTO in our review of options, which concluded that we would be introducing significant unquantifiable risk to our customers, which is not surprising based on what we are seeing in other RTOs. Our next steps in the IRP process to engage with the KPSC over the next few months and discuss the various plans we've provided. We would expect to file an additional CPCN request as early as the first quarter of next year to address near-term generation needs for our customers. Moving to slide 6 and an update on data center development, our Pennsylvania and Kentucky service territories continue to attract growing interest from data center developers. In our Pennsylvania service territory, we now have over 39 gigawatts in our queue with 8 gigawatts in advanced stages of planning, up from the 5 gigawatts we highlighted during our second quarter call in August. We estimate these 8 gigawatts represent incremental PPL capital needs of $600 million to $700 million in the 2025 to 2029 time frame, none of which are reflected in our current capital plan. Note that we have included these types of projects in our latest PJM large load forecast, which shows that PPL Electric has the second highest projected peak load additions in PJM through the end of this decade. It's important to note that projects in the queue may include duplicates due to developers assessing multiple sites for the same project. And it's important to highlight that all the projects in our queues are in front of the meter projects. Projects in the advanced planning stages have signed agreements. They are in various stages of PJM's review process with some having completed those reviews. Costs incurred by PPL for these projects are reimbursable by developers even if they do not move forward with the projects. Recall that each new data center connection will lower transmission costs for customers. The savings are expected to occur as the data center load ramps up over the next several years, and the data centers begin to pay transmission charges. In terms of the amount, we estimate that for the first gigawatt of data center demand that's connected to the grid, our residential customers could save nearly 10% on the transmission portion of their bill, assuming a PPL investment level of about $100 million, which for the average residential customer and based on current rates, would represent about $3 per month in savings. While additional data center connections will also lower transmission costs for customers, the amount of those savings will depend on a number of factors, including timing of load ramp, the amount of investments required and the peak load on our system. Turning to Kentucky, we have about 400 megawatts in advanced stages of planning with potential to increase up to 1 gig. Active data center requests in Kentucky now total nearly 3 gigawatts of potential demand, an increase from 2 gigawatts at the time of our second quarter call. As in Pennsylvania, any transmission upgrades in Kentucky would be additive to our capital plan, although the more significant capital investments in Kentucky would arise from any incremental generation investments. As I shared earlier, the recommended plan in our IRP projects a need for additional natural gas and battery storage beyond what was in our CPCN approved last year to support longer term economic development and data center load growth. Moving to Slide 7 and several key operational and regulatory updates. LG&E and KU responded well to the remnants of Hurricane Helene, which knocked out power to more than 224,000 customers and resulted in 1,600 down wires and 160 broken poles. This storm was the fourth most significant weather event for the region in the last 20 years. We restored 95% of our customers within four days and all customers capable of receiving service within six days. And a great example of our One PPL strategy, crews from our Pennsylvania operations in more than 40 contract resources aided in the effort. We've since requested regulatory asset treatment for about $11 million in operating expenses tied to our restoration efforts. Once our restoration efforts in Kentucky were complete, we were proud to send over 400 employees and contractors from our utilities in Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and Kentucky, to support our colleagues in Florida, Georgia, and Virginia, following the significant damage sustained by Hurricanes Helene and Milton. Mutual assistance is one of those areas that makes our industry truly unique. And I thank all the men and women on our teams that provided that much needed support. I also thank all the men and women from ComEd, Duquesne Light, NIPSCO, and CenterPoint that helped us in our efforts to restore power to our Kentucky customers during Hurricane Helene. And other updates from Kentucky. In October, we filed a request with the KPSC to recover $125 million in retirement costs associated with Mill Creek 1, which is set to retire by the end of this year. We requested approval to recover the cost through the Retired Asset Recovery Rider or RAR in our first filing under this new mechanism. The rider provides cost recovery over a 10-year period upon retirement of such assets as well as a return on those investments at the utilities than weighted average cost of capital. The implementation of the RAR rider, if approved, will result in a slight build credit for customers beginning in May 2025 based on the current procedural schedule established by the commission. Turning to Pennsylvania. Our disk waiver petition to increase the disk revenue cap from 5% to 9% continues to proceed through the process as expected. We've completed the briefing process and anticipate a recommended decision in November from the ALJ that's assigned to the case with a PUC decision to follow in early 2025. Also in Pennsylvania, PPL Electric Utilities yesterday announced new price to compare rates effective December 1. The new residential price to compare represents about a 2% decrease compared to last year's winter price to compare price. In all aspects of our business, our companies remain very focused on affordability for our customers. This focus also extends to how we purchase power for non-shopping customers in PA. With this in mind, we were pleased to reach a settlement with the parties to our latest default service program and procurement plan filed with the PUC. We are seeking approval of our plan to procure electricity from June 1, 2025, through May 31, 2029, to meet PPL Electric's provider of last resort obligations. Our latest plan, which we filed in March includes modifications to the current product mix and auction timing that PPL Electric uses to buy power. These modifications are intended to strengthen price stability and lower prices for customers, while supporting resource adequacy and fostering the continued growth of renewable generation. We expect the PUC decision on the settlement by the end of year. Shifting to Rhode Island. I am pleased to report that we completed the integration of Rhode Island Energy into PPL in the third quarter, exiting the transition services entered into with National Grid when we acquired Rhode Island Energy in May 2022. I can't say enough about how well our teams rallied as One PPL to deliver this outcome, which involved exiting more than 130 transition services in phases over the past two years. It was truly a team effort from Rhode Island to Pennsylvania to Kentucky, as well as everyone at National Grid that works so hard to make the transition possible. We're excited to have Rhode Island Energy now fully integrated to best serve our customers. Finally, in September, the Rhode Island Public Utilities Commission approved the company's winter last resort service rates as filed. The rate for non-shopping residential customers effective October 1, reflects an 8% decrease from last year's winter rate, and we're pleased to be able to pass those savings on to our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to slide 9. PPL's third quarter GAAP earnings were $0.29 per share compared to $0.31 per share in Q3 2023. We recorded special items of $0.13 per share during the third quarter, primarily due to integration and related expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy. Adjusting for these special items, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.42 per share, a decrease of $0.01 per share compared to Q3 2023. Returns on capital investments and higher sales volumes primarily due to favorable weather in Kentucky were more than offset by higher operating and financing costs quarter-over-quarter. For Q3 2024, we estimate that weather was about $0.01 favorable compared to normal conditions with cooling degree days up about 13% in our Kentucky territories over the quarter. Turning to full year. Through the first nine months of 2024, our GAAP earnings are now at $0.96 per share, compared to $0.85 per share through the same period last year. Adjusting for special items recorded through the third quarter, earnings from ongoing operations totaled $1.34 per share for the first nine months of 2024. This represents an improvement of $0.14 per share, compared to the same period a year ago, which puts us in great shape heading into the fourth quarter to achieve our financial targets for 2024. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the third quarter on Slide 10. Our Kentucky segment results were flat compared to the third quarter of 2023. Kentucky's results were driven by higher sales volumes due to the favorable weather, offset by an adjustment to environmental cost recovery revenues that was recognized during the quarter. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results decreased by $0.01 per share compared to the same period a year ago. The decrease was driven by higher operating costs in several areas, including higher storm costs, increased vegetation management and an increase in uncollectibles. These higher operating costs were partially offset by higher transmission revenues. Our Rhode Island segment results increased by $0.01 per share compared to the same period a year ago. This increase was primarily driven by a favorable adjustment to property taxes. And finally, results at Corporate and Other decreased by $0.01 per share compared to the same period a year ago, primarily due to higher interest expense due to an increase in long-term debt. In Q3, we were opportunistic amidst increased market volatility and issued $750 million of senior notes at PPL Capital funding at a rate of 5.25% that mature in 2034. We saw significant demand for the deal, which we believe is attributable to PPL's excellent credit position with one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector. With another solid quarter behind us, we're on track to deliver on our financial targets for our shareowners. We expect to exceed the midpoint of our original 2024 ongoing earnings forecast as reflected in our updated forecast range of $1.67 to $1.73 per share with a midpoint of $1.70 per share, and we remain extremely well positioned for continued long-term growth. As Vince outlined, we see an improving fundamental backdrop that we believe will require significant capital investments to advance our Utility of the Future strategy that can satisfy our customers' evolving needs and ensure we can continue to deliver safe and reliable service. We strategically positioned PPL with the financial flexibility needed to support these critical investments while continuing to deliver on our earnings growth targets, but we're as excited as we've ever been for the prospects of PPL. This concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In closing, we continue deliver across the board on our commitments to share owners and customers in the third quarter. This includes executing our capital plans on time and on budget to strengthen grid reliability and resiliency, advancing sustainable efficiencies to help keep energy affordable for our customers, completing the successful integration of Rhode Island Energy into PPL, responding quickly and effectively to major storms to restore power and peace of mind for our customers and communities and advancing responsible generation investments in Kentucky as well responsible resource planning to deliver a safe, reliable, affordable and cleaner energy mix. As we work to close out 2024, I continue to be very proud of our team here at PPL. I'm confident in our Utility of the Future strategy. I'm proud progress we're making as we execute that strategy, and I'm excited about the opportunities ahead as we move into 2025. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, good morning. Vince, I know sort of this resource adequacy topic has been kind of a perennial question with the Eastern wires companies during this earnings season. And obviously, to your credit, you've been one of the first to highlight the issues and kind of talk about the solutions over a year ago. The auction is now delayed. I guess, not sure you guys are all aligned. But I guess, where do we stand with the solution there? Could we see a bill introduced in Pennsylvania effectively proposing to allow the wireless companies to own a certain amount of peaking assets and base rates? Is it Texas type energy fund enough? I guess what should we be watching for on the legislative side? How should we be thinking about all the different pieces out there? Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, there's a lot there in that question, Shar. Let me maybe just how I'm thinking about this issue broadly. So the auction itself, the delay, look, I think that just reinforces the need for the state to take control of this issue. So I truly hope that Pennsylvania continues to pursue state solutions, and does not slow that down as a result of the delay in the auction. I do think and fully expect that PJM will make some improvements on the supply side of the equation with the delay, but I also expect them to include an uploaded -- an updated load forecast, which, of course, will include the incremental data center load. So we'd expect that to be higher as well. So at this point, I can't predict whether capacity prices will be lower in the next auction, which is for the 2026, 2027 plan a year compared to the 270 that printed for the 2025 2026 planning year, just given the different moving parts on both the supply and the demand side. In terms of timing of legislation, we've always been operating under an expectation that, that would occur sometime in early 2025 anyway. Again, hopeful that, that would not be delayed as a result of the auction. I think the need and the criticality of this issue, the urgency of this issue is such that we need to continue to move forward at the pace we've been working with. We continue our discussions with all of the important decision-makers, the Governor's office, the state legislature as well as the PUC. In fact, the PUC has scheduled a resource adequacy technical conference towards the end of this month; we'll be participating in that. And then as we've talked in the past, just thinking about what this legislation could look like, obviously, we don't have anything out there right now to comment on. But as I think about the options, obviously, there's the permitting of utilities to invest in generation, which we've been talking about, and they could support us in building that new generation in the state, putting it in rate base. I think on the market side, Shar, they can provide low interest loans to the generators, similar to what they did in Texas with that low interest fund. I think they can also create some incentives for utilities and the IPPs to enter into long-term power purchase agreements, beyond what we are currently able to do under our default service plan. So we have some ability to do that, but it's not as extensive as I think potentially they could incentivize us to do. So from our perspective, look, we continue to believe that allowing the utilities to directly invest in the generation would be the most impactful and getting generation built in the state, certainly in the time frame necessary to address the gaps that we're seeing around resource adequacy. But look, I think it's reasonable to believe or expect that any new legislation in the state could include some or all of these ideas.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. I guess, we'll stay tuned there. And then on just the Kentucky side, you touched on it a little bit on your pre-pareds. But if we look at all this kind of advanced stage data center demand, I guess, how do we think about the capital requirements to these versus the current plan. Is there the same transmission sensitivity as Pennsylvania there? I know we have to wait for the capital update, but just maybe a little bit of color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. So generally, the opportunity or the requirement really for additional CapEx around transmission related to the data centers, it's just less than it is in Kentucky as opposed to PA, and that's primarily because we're dealing with those supply constraints with generation. And so we're very opportunistic in where we build that generation. And so taking advantage of our existing sites, where we have generation, where we may be retiring certain assets, we just don't need to make as much investment in transmission, Shar. Really, the material capital requirement is around the generation, which you saw in the updated IRP.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. Thanks so much. I'll pass it to someone else and see you in about a week.
Vince Sorgi: Looking forward to it. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much.
Vince Sorgi: Hi, David.
David Arcaro: Wondering just as you think about this first CPCN, it could come pretty soon, but what maybe specifically might be included in that first one Kentucky related to the IRP. Would you potentially be looking out to that 2030 generation need? And would there be a gas plant potentially in this first round?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Dave. Around timing, as I said, I think we could follow the IRP with the CPCN filing as early as the first quarter. I think under any scenario that we're looking at, it's pretty clear that we need to at least get moving on the second CCGT to be in service in 2030. So that's really driving, I would say, the need to get the CPCN filed as soon as we can. The team will be looking at all of the various supply recommendations to see what we include in the CPCN versus future on. But clearly, I would expect at least that second CCGT likely the one in 2031, some of the other dispatchable gen maybe in the 2028 time frame like the batteries, et cetera. So when we look at really the batteries and the SCR on gen, those are really in there to create and extend dispatchable generation for what we see as more immediate demand increases coming from the data center. So obviously, it takes some time right now to get the combined cycle still right now, we're looking at 2030, and then 2031 at the earliest. So some of those, again, batteries in the SCR to keep that supply there while that demand is ramping up more near-term.
David Arcaro: Yeah. Got you. Okay. That's clear. That makes sense. And then I guess as you -- I guess, in Kentucky, like how speculative is the data center outlook? I mean, you've described kind of what stage it's at right now. I'm just wondering, is it far along enough to give the commission confidence now that that these investments are needed -- you do need this generation. Obviously, it's a pretty big ramp-up in the data center outlook, but probably maybe more uncertainty than usual. So how are you thinking about that?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah, sure. I mean clearly -- so the data center load is not the only large load that we're seeing come to fruition in Kentucky, especially with all of the economic development that's been occurring there over the last few years. So the demand curve, that mid-low demand curve that we put in the recommended case, we feel really good about, Dave, in terms of data centers, in particular, again, where we're seeing 400 megawatts at the advanced stage active discussions to upsize that to a gigawatt. That's all we put in the mid-load case. So we're obviously looking at 3 gigs overall. That continues to grow quarter after quarter. So we're pretty confident with that that 1 gig we included in the middle of the case.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. That's helpful context. Thanks so much.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to take a finer point to some of the conversation on data centers as you outlined there. Specifically, as far as the time line of formal deal announcements, if you have any thoughts on how that could materialize and just kind of the cadence over time? Just trying to get a feel for when the CapEx really start to enter the plan incrementally based on what could happen there?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, sure. So I think we're actually getting close on some of these announcements. And I think, once you see the first one or two, right, it will probably prompt some others to make announcements as well. Obviously, there's a huge competitive component, at least on the hyperscaler side with these announcements. And so not getting too far out and showing your competitive position around your region, I think is a pretty critical kind of communication strategy on the hyperscalers part. But I think once those announcement start, I would suspect that you'll kind of see the floodgates open. So again, getting close on the first one, I would suspect by the end of the year, at least on our first large one, and then we'll see going into 2025, what follows from that.
Jeremy Tonet: Very helpful. Thank you for that. And then shifting gears to Kentucky, we have observed a very constructive relationship, I think, with the PPL and the commission over time here. But now that we have kind of a new composition, just wondering if you could provide any updated thoughts on how you see that relationship at this point in time.
Vince Sorgi : Yes. Look, I think the relationship is incredibly constructive. As you said, we've always operated under a constructive regulatory construct. In Kentucky, I think part of that is because our team is thoughtful. Their analysis is deep. It's well supported with -- conclusions or our recommendations are well supported with the analysis and the depth and breadth of that analysis. As you know, I think the commission uses our operations as a model in the state when they're dealing with some others. So generally, it's been quite positive. We've met with the new commission. Nothing coming out of that that discussion would lead me to believe that, relationship would be anything different with this new commission moving forward. So we're feeling good. Obviously, the commissions have full staff now with the three commissioners. Angie Hatton, who was the Vice Chair is now the Chair and then John [indiscernible] just joined in September. So with that appointment, we have a full complement. And again, I would expect the constructive nature of that relationship to continue.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's good to hear. I'll leave it there.
Vince Sorgi : Great.
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. Thanks for giving the time. Good morning.
Vince Sorgi : Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Vince. Hey, just on the comment of one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector, I totally agree there. I would just kind of -- don't want to front run your Q4 update. But just can you talk to whether you think you'll need equity in the plan or not just given the cadence of CapEx raises? Maybe any color you can share there would be helpful. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi : Yes. Look, it does sound like you're trying to front run the year-end call. That's okay. Joe, do you want to talk about that?
Joe Bergstein : Sure. Thanks for the question, Durgesh. Yes. So I mean, look, there's numerous factors that go into determining our financing needs, and we are going through the business planning process now and evaluating those factors, including additional capital needs. And those needs are beyond what would be in the next CPCN filing. We're seeing additional needs for things like grid modernization, grid resiliency given the more severe and frequent storms that we're seeing across all of our territories, digital transformation, transmission to support data centers and other load growth. And we've clearly been on a trend of identifying additional capital spend, which is driving higher rate base growth and I think, in fact, each year since we've had the strategic repositioning, our rate base growth has increased by about 100 basis points in each iteration of the plan. And I certainly expect that trend to continue in our next update. So, we'll evaluate our financing needs in context of that broader plan update and provide you our expectations on the year-end call. But we are in great shape given our excellent credit position, and we have flexibility to develop a plan that maximizes value for our shareowners. And we continue to feel really good about our ability to achieve our earnings growth targets even with the additional capital needs that we expect in this next update.
Durgesh Chopra: That’s excellent. Thanks for that color Joe. Maybe just a follow-up to that capital allocation question is some of your peers have lowered dividend growth to support higher EPS growth. Now again, like going back to your comments around very strong balance sheet, which it is. Just maybe give us your thoughts there as you make those capital allocation decisions, dividend, equity earnings growth?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, I mean all of those things go into our consideration for our financing needs and the overall plan. But I think where we've seen that occur is in -- with companies that have had not the strength of a balance sheet that we have. So that's not our intention at this time.
Durgesh Chopra: Very clear. Thank you.
Joe Bergstein: Great. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks Durgesh.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning team.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: I know you hit a lot on the generation and like the data center transmission needs as well. I was just hoping you could frame the scope of the PJM RTEP. Just looking at the proposals there, it seems like there could be a lot in PPL zone like around Three Mile Island as well. Just hoping there's any quantification or details you could provide on potential incremental from that area as well.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Thanks, Paul. So, we did submit a number of projects to resolve the issues that were identified in the most recent window. We should know what projects, if any, are selected from that window in the December, January time frame. And of course, we'll be able to reflect those in our updated plan on the year-end call. But look, I would say regardless of what is selected in this window, we continue to believe that there will be significant transmission opportunities in Pennsylvania for the foreseeable future. And that's really stemming from the strong economic development, including the data center load that we're seeing in just the resource needs in the region. But I think you're aware, but if not, the vast, vast majority of our transmission spend is not derived from these RTEP open windows. So we really view these as incremental opportunities for us, not baked into our capital planning for transmission.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Yes. No, definitely understood on that point. And then one other on the Kentucky IRP, like a two-parter. Just did you disclose what the potential customer bill impact could be for the base plan you're recommending? And just more holistically, it's a lot of capital, a lot of construction, just your comfort with ability to get the workers and kind of the behind-the-scenes things to execute such a big plan. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. Yes, sure. So, all of that will go into our filing of the CPCN. So, the IRP is not -- it's not a rate case. It's not a filing where we're requesting rate adjustments or anything like that. So, we will include and look at all of that as we're contemplating what we filed in CPCN in the first quarter. We do have the coal plants retiring and continuing to depreciate, which provides bill headroom there. Obviously, RARR [ph] which is the first time we're using that, which is that retired asset recovery mechanism in Kentucky that takes the net book value at the date of retirement and then spreads it out over a future 10-year period. So, any retirements associated with this plan would likely use that mechanism, which, again, reduces customer bills. So overall, when we look at our rate case timing and strategies, we're always thinking about affordability and making sure that we balance our ability to get these very critical investments approved, but at the same time, making sure that we're keeping bill impacts within the inflationary amounts as best we can, and I don't think we'll have an issue of being able to do that as we implement the CPCN standing on the IRP.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. And just any overall thoughts on like labor, construction just execution ability?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So no concerns on getting a battery installed in 2028, I think really what you're highlighting is the reason why the next CCGT would not be able to go in service until 2030 and then the one after that in 2031. So obviously, we used to be able to get combined cycle plants done in a 3-ish time period. It's now 5% [ph]. That's really due to supply chain constraints. To your point, not just on the turbines themselves, but with the EPC contractors and getting enough folks to do all this work, so that is exactly in that driving that 2030-'31 time frame.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Understood. Thanks for the update.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Seaport. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So I wanted to talk about that 8 gigs of data center load or potential data center load. And I know that you point out that some of it might be double counting of some of the low growth that you see in other areas. But you, as one of the few companies in PJM, operate in a zone which is heavily oversupplied with power. You chose to have an amicable relationship with power companies and data centers. And more importantly, you already have one large data center being developed in your service territory in Pennsylvania. And as little as I know about hyperscalers, then they tend to operate in clusters, right? So that definitely bodes well for future investments in your zone. I mean, do you see it like that? I mean, is there something that you think -- I mean don't you think that you actually have a strong competitive advantage versus other utilities across the PJM data center loads?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, absolutely, 100%. So first of all, I would say that the duplicate projects, we don't see any duplicates in the 8 gigs. All of those, we think, again, those are in advanced stages. We think those are very likely to come to fruition. The duplicate is in the 39 total interest that we have. We do think there could be some of those that are duplicated. But I think the 8 gigs, we're feeling good about as those progress. And to your point, the more -- especially when you're thinking about all the points that you just made, where we are in PJM, where we are with generation supply, but even just how the formula rate works and being in an RTO, the more generation you add that actually -- or the more load you have, especially at these levels, it ends up bringing down kind of the average cost per gigawatt of load for the data centers. So to your exact point, the more you build, the cheaper it becomes on a per unit basis over time. And so I 100% agree with you, and that's why we're making sure that we can support this and we feel very good with our ability to connect this, and it's really on the generation side, which you know we've been active on that side within PJM to make sure outside of PA and even within PA, we're continuing to build generation. But on the transmission side, we feel very comfortable with our ability to not only connect the 8 gigs, but to continue to connect beyond that.
Angie Storozynski: And then separately on the quantification of the transmission benefits for customers. I mean -- so I mean, you wouldn't be able to retain it, right? So that's not an earnings driver per se, right, because you're capped on returns on existing transmission assets, it just provides the customer bill room for either additional investments or to absorb rising energy and capacity prices. Is that fair?
Vince Sorgi: That's exactly correct. Yes.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Okay. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: The next question comes from David Paz of Wolfe. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Hey, good morning, Dave.
David Paz: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Apologies, if you've already kind of addressed this, I may have miss it. But as we think of the things you're talking about on the significant capital investment opportunities, our strong positioning. What are the headwinds that would keep you from -- maybe keep you at or below even the midpoint of your 6% to 8%. I'm just trying to figure out why a lot of these things aren't the same, won't translate into more robust EPS growth? Thanks.
Joe Bergstein: Yes, hi, David, it's Joe Bergstein. Yes, I think as I said earlier, we're going through the business plan process now. We'll give a full update on all of this -- on the year-end call. But as you think about our earned growth now and the drivers of that, it's driven by a mix of energy efficiencies and rate base growth. And clearly, we've been talking about that transitioning to the more traditional rate base growth driven earnings growth profile. And I think we're -- we've been seeing that through the -- since the repositioning with each of the play an updates as I've indicated, and I expect that trend to continue where we'll be -- earnings growth will be driven by rate base growth as we move forward. And I think that's what you'll clearly see that in the next iteration of plan.
David Paz: I got it. All right. So the 6, 3 or so currently on the rate base growth, that could rise, but your O&M savings tailwinds supplied a little net-net. But maybe -- I guess it depends on how much you're adding, which we'll find out in February, but that all make sense. Thank you.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah, I think high level, that's correct. We'll continue on the O&M efficiency strategy, but we'll need to make capital investments to achieve those O&M savings.
David Paz: Great. Thank you. And just on the resource adequacy conference. Do you anticipate -- how will that beat into, if at all, the legislative process for whatever the solutions may be there in Pennsylvania for generation?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Well, I do think the PUC will have an active role in administering any legislation that could ultimately get approved there. So I think the PUC engaging in this topic to understand the nuances of it, the magnitude of it and then potentially how they may have to alter their internal procedures, et cetera, to potentially administer some law, I think, is really constructive. So again, there's no law on the books that we're responding to or anything like that, but I think the commission is preparing accordingly in the event something happens there, so that they can really do their part. Again, I would expect the commission will have a significant role in administering whatever this legislation could look like.
David Paz: Great. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Gregg Orrill of UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Hi, thank you. What's the latest thinking on the timing of general rate cases in your jurisdictions?
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. Thanks, Gregg. It's Joe. So well, I would say based on our current plan, which again, we're in the process of updating, we would have a rate case in Kentucky in first half of next year at the at the earliest. We have a stay-out provision from the last rate case that ends at the end of June of next year. So rate case potentially likely after that. In Rhode Island, it's likely the fourth quarter of 2025. Again, there, we had an agreement as part of the acquisition that we would not file a rate case until we were off of the TSAs for 12 months, and we did complete the TSAs in September. So that's why it looks like the fourth quarter of next year. And then in Pennsylvania, based on the current plan that's 2026 at the earliest, but we'll assess the timing of all -- of these as we're going through the business plan update and give you an update on the year-end call.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you very much.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Gregg.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks so much to everybody for joining us today. Really looking forward to seeing many of you at EEI in the not-too-distant future, so we will see you then. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation conference call on second quarter 2024 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. We'll begin today's call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. And we'll conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings on this call. Reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures please refer to the appendix. I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy and good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter investor update. Let's start with our financial results and a few highlights from our second quarter performance on Slide 4. Today, we reported second quarter GAAP earnings of $0.26 per share. Adjusting for special items, second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.38 per share. Backed by another strong quarter, today, we reaffirmed our 2024 ongoing earnings forecast of $1.63 to $1.75 per share, and expect to achieve at least the midpoint of our forecast range. In addition, we continue to make excellent progress in delivering on our 2024 priorities. We're on track to complete approximately $3.1 billion in infrastructure improvements this year to advance a reliable, resilient, affordable, and cleaner energy future for our customers. We're on pace to exit our remaining transition service agreements with National Grid in the coming weeks and to complete what has so far been a seamless integration of Rhode Island Energy into PPL. Lastly, we expect to achieve our annual O&M savings target of $120 million to $130 million this year, which is compared to our 2021 baseline O&M. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to achieve our projected 6% to 8% annual earnings per share and dividend growth to at least 2027. We remain as focused as ever on executing our capital plan, which includes $14.3 billion in infrastructure improvements from 2024 to 2027. And across PPL, we continue to drive efficiencies through our Utility of the Future strategy, keeping us on pace to achieve our annual O&M savings target of at least $175 million by 2026, again, compared to our 2021 baseline. Moving to Slide 5, I want to reiterate our Utility of the Future strategy, which in a nutshell is to deliver a net zero energy system by 2050, but one that continues to be reliable and affordable for our customers. The decarbonization strategy here in the U.S. and even globally, is to electrify as much of the economy as we can and generate the needed electricity with no or low carbon solutions. This will significantly increase the demand for electricity, currently estimated at 2 to 3 times our current levels. But it also requires the electricity grid to be significantly more reliable and resilient than it is today. Our Utility of the Future strategy addresses this challenge head on across multiple focus areas. First, we will improve the reliability and resiliency of our oil and gas networks through updated design criteria and system hardening to better protect against more frequent and severe storms; through automation, AI and smart grid technology that offers self-healing grid capabilities; through grid-enhancing technologies that help us extract the most from existing infrastructure; and through robust and ever-evolving cybersecurity that protects against present and future threats. At the same time, we will continue to advance the clean energy transition affordably and reliably. We'll achieve this by transitioning to a reliable, affordable and cleaner energy mix, one that includes an important role for dispatchable natural gas as we retire aging coal-fired duration. We'll do it by positioning the grid to connecting renewables, including behind-the-meter resources. And we'll do it by continuing to lead, partner and invest in R&D to accelerate the commercialization of low-carbon technologies needed to achieve net zero, technologies such as advanced nuclear, carbon capture, hydrogen and long duration energy storage. This includes the recent partnerships we've made with the Department of Energy to explore the feasibility of coal to nuclear transitions at some of our power plant sites in Kentucky, and a leading carbon capture R&D project at our Cane Run combined cycle gas plant. Our Utility of the Future strategy also includes driving sustainable efficiencies to keep energy affordable for our customers as we invest in the clean energy transition. For every dollar of O&M we can take out of the business, we can invest about $8 in capital without impacting our customers' bills. This is why becoming more efficient is such an important part of our strategy and helps to keep the transition more affordable for our customers. We are also focused on using AI and other advanced technologies more broadly, which will drive further efficiencies and improved results. We are starting to see firsthand the power of AI and how transformational this technology will be to our business. This includes balancing the grid in peak shaving, empowering our customers and enhancing their experience with our utilities, and further improving reliability while lowering our costs. The applications of AI technology are tremendous for our industry and we are extremely focused to unlock that potential to deliver real value. And finally, we'll continue to engage and lead discussions with a wide range of stakeholders to strengthen resource adequacy in the regions we serve, specifically including markets like PJM, which is even more critical following the capacity auction results that were just released this week. With increasing demand and tight supply, we need to do everything we can to protect our customers from such price volatility, including investing further in transmission upgrades to alleviate constrained zones, incorporating additional grid enhancing technologies to get as much as we can from existing lines, and advocating for legislative changes in Pennsylvania that would drive needed generation development, including authority that would support regulated utility investments in new generation. Collectively, these actions will not only maintain reliability, but also power economic development, while at the same time, support data center growth and expansion, which we consider critical to American competitiveness and national security. This is our Utility of the Future playbook to not only address the challenges of delivering a clean energy future that is affordable and reliable but to enable us to thrive and grow in that ever-changing energy landscape. Moving to Slide 6 and a deeper dive on our support for data centers. Starting with Pennsylvania, we truly believe our Pennsylvania service territory is uniquely positioned to service large-scale data center connections. First, we've invested $6.5 billion over the last decade in our transmission network, while leveraging advanced dynamic line rating technology, which together has improved the reliability of the network to top decile performance nationwide. Our advanced transmission network as well of connecting the current data center demand in our queue and we are confident we can support even further demand should it materialize. This means we can respond very quickly to develop our interconnection requests. Our team responds within six weeks. As a result, we now have a total of over 17 gigawatts of interconnection requests in Pennsylvania and new requests continue to come in each month. While it is likely that some of these requests are duplicative due to developers assessing multiple sites at the same time, we have nearly 5 gigawatts of potential data center demand in advanced stages of planning, up from the 3 gigawatts we discussed during our first quarter update in May. These projects all have signed agreements with developers, are in various stages of PJM's review process with some having already completed that review, and costs being incurred by PPL are reimbursable by the developers if they do not move forward with the projects. On the financial impact of data centers, the primary upside is in the form of additional returns on transmission investments through FERC formula rates. We estimate that the 5 gigawatts of potential demand in the advanced stages represents incremental PPL capital needs of $400 million to $450 million. And because we operate in PJM in Pennsylvania, this data center development will reduce net transmission costs for our existing retail customers. We estimate for every 1 gigawatt of data center demand that's connected to the grid, our residential customers would save about 10% on the transmission portion of their bill. For the average residential customer, that would represent about $3 a month in savings. For the 5 gigawatts in advanced stages of development, that would represent about $15 a month in savings for the average residential customer using 1,000 kilowatt hours a month of electricity. Turning to Kentucky, our service territory there is better suited for midsized data centers as we also have an abundance of land and water, have lower energy prices than much of the U.S., and provide for tax incentives in certain counties that we serve. We are also confident we can make the needed transmission and generation investments required to support continued data center and industrial growth in the Commonwealth. We continue to work with data center developers in our LG&E and KU service territories with active requests totaling more than 2 gigawatts in the 2027 to 2033 timeframe, with about 350 megawatts in advanced stages. As in Pennsylvania, any transmission upgrades in Kentucky would be additive to our capital plan, although the more significant capital investments in Kentucky would arise from any incremental generation investments. Once our new Mill Creek 5 combined Saskatchewan plant is operational in 2027, we estimate to have approximately 400 to 500 megawatts of generation capacity available to support further load growth, while maintaining our prudent reserve margins. With Kentucky coming off the best four-year period of economic growth in the state history, on top of this potential new data center demand, we continue to actively monitor our capacity needs to maintain a safe and reliable network for customers. Should new generation become necessary to serve higher electricity demand, we can use Mill Creek Unit 5 as a reference for pricing on potential new baseload generation. That unit, which was approved by the KPSC last year, has an expected cost of $1 billion. The updated integrated resource plan, which will be filed with the KPSC in October, will guide any further generation needs. Keep in mind, there are many factors that go into our generation planning and reserve margin analysis. We will fresh that analysis this fall and will include updated load projections and related supply needs. As we think about possibly needing to build a second combined cycle gas plant to meet that load growth, it's important to note that we still have a spot in the queue for a second gas turbine from our prior solicitation. It is important to highlight that our rate designs in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky protect our customers from undue burdens related to data center connections. In both jurisdictions, the data centers are under tariffs that will benefit our non-data center customer rates. Bottom-line, as I shared last quarter, we're ready and eager to support prospective data centers and we are well-positioned to serve their needs. And the good news is that our customers, shareowners, and the states which we serve all benefit from this development. Moving to Slide 7 and several key operational and regulatory updates. On July 11th, the Pennsylvania PUC approved PPL Electric Utilities' request to modify its current long-term infrastructure improvement plan, or LTIP. The decision grant permission to classify approximately $200 million of reliability investments through 2027 as capital eligible for recovery through the DSIC or the distribution system improvement charge. While the PUC denied our request to classify $84 million of planned investments in predictive failure technology as being DSIC eligible, the PUC viewed our predictive failure project favorably, and indicated PPL Electric may seek recovery of these project costs in a future base rate case. Overall, the approved modification to our LTIP represents a positive outcome that supports our continued investments to repair and replace aging infrastructure and strengthen grid reliability. Changes to the plant will be impacted during the current period, which extends through December 31st, 2027. Also in Pennsylvania, our DSIC waiver petition continues to proceed through the process as expected. In June, an ALJ was assigned and a procedural schedule was created, which we have provided in the appendix. Based on that schedule, we continue to expect the proceeding to conclude later this year with a decision in early 2025. Shifting to Kentucky. We recently kicked off construction of our planned 650-megawatt Mill Creek Unit 5 combined cycle natural gas plant following several months of prep work. The new unit is part of more than $2 billion in planned generation investments over several years to economically replace 600 megawatts of aging coal generation with a reliable, affordable, and cleaner energy mix. In addition, all long lead-time equipment deliveries remain on schedule. Overall, we're on track to complete construction and begin commercial operation of the unit in 2027. We will earn AFUDC on this capital project until it goes into commercial operations. In addition, we secured a site compatibility certificate from the KPSC in July for a planned 120-megawatt solar facility to be built in Mercer County, Kentucky. The approval helps pave the way for final site design and construction of the new facility, which we expect to begin commercial operation in 2026. Finally, just this week, we successfully completed another labor contract negotiation. This latest agreement covers about 60 employees in Kentucky and represents the fifth successful union negotiation over the last year, representing over 50% of our union workforce. We look forward to continued success in this area for years to come, balancing the needs of our employees and customers. That concludes my strategic and operational update. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince and good morning everyone. Let's turn to Slide 9. PPL's second quarter GAAP earnings were $0.26 per share compared to $0.15 per share in Q2 2023. We recorded special items of $0.12 per share during the second quarter, primarily due to integration and related expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy. Adjusting for these special items, second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.38 per share, an improvement of $0.09 per share compared to Q2 2023. Primary drivers of this increase where returns on capital investments and higher sales volumes, primarily due to the return to more normal weather conditions. In total, we estimate that weather was about $0.04 favorable compared to the prior year and about $0.01 favorable to normal conditions. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher interest expense, primarily due to higher debt balances with the issuances at PPL Electric, Rhode Island Energy earlier this year, which were executed at attractive rates favorable to our forecast. And we'll continue to monitor the markets and leverage our excellent credit position to be opportunistic and efficiently finance our capital plans. Our Q2 performance puts PPL's GAAP earnings at $0.67 per share year-to-date through June 30th compared to $0.54 per share through the same period last year. Adjusting for special items recorded through the second quarter, earnings from ongoing operations totaled $0.92 per share for the first half of 2024, an improvement of $0.15 per share compared to the first half of 2023. We estimate that weather has been $0.07 favorable compared to the first six months of 2023, while tracking slightly below normal conditions year-to-date in 2024. The full year-to-date ongoing earnings walk by segment is included in the appendix. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the second quarter on Slide 10. Our Kentucky segment results increased by $0.05 per share compared to the second quarter of 2023. The improvement in Kentucky's results was driven by higher sales volumes, primarily due to the return to normal weather and lower operating costs. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results increased by $0.05 per share compared to the same period a year ago. The increase was driven by higher transmission revenues and higher sales volumes due to a combination of a return to normal weather and increased usage per customer. Our Rhode Island segment results increased by $0.01 per share compared to the same period a year ago. This increase was primarily driven by higher distribution revenue from capital investments, higher transmission revenue, and higher interest income, partially offset by higher operating costs and higher property taxes. Finally, results at corporate and other decreased by $0.02 per share compared to the prior period, primarily due to higher interest expense. With another strong quarter behind us, we're on track to achieve at least the midpoint of our 2024 earnings forecast of $1.69 per share. I'm extremely pleased with our financial performance as we continue to execute our plan and our Utility of the Future strategy. This concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In closing, we continued our strong track record of execution in the second quarter, further strengthening PPL's investment thesis. We are implementing our Utility of the Future strategy necessary to deliver a clean energy future affordably and reliably. We are securing constructive outcomes in key regulatory proceedings. We're achieving strong financial results, which positions us to deliver at least the midpoint of our targeted EPS growth this year and to grow earnings and dividends by 6% to 8% through at least 2027. We're maintaining one of the premier balance sheets in our sector that supports the growing investment needs across our jurisdictions. We're advancing the economic transition of our generation fleet in Kentucky, and we're continuing to power economic development that strengthens our communities, including the support of data center expansion. For all, we've made significant progress on our plans through the first half of the year. We're eager to build on this momentum in the back half of 2024 and beyond. And we look forward to once again delivering on our commitments to share owners, customers and the communities we serve. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning. Good morning Vince. Vince, just trying to get a sense on the transmission side. Looking at 400 to 450 incremental for this update. We've also seen a blowout print capacity auction potentially foreshadowing more RTEP work. What does all this start to add up as we look at your $725 million placeholder for 2027, how should we think about the timing of the shape of that spend as we update our models for 2028 and beyond versus that 2027 placeholder you have in plan? Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Shar. I think what you're bringing up is a good point in terms of what is capacity auction signifying, right? And clearly, I think it's showing that there's a clear signal that we do generation and transmission investments needed in PJM. In terms of ability to invest in transmission, I think that's in a few areas. Obviously, there were the two zones that broke out above the RTO. Clearly, I think there's opportunity for additional transmission solutions going into there. So, I think we could probably expect there to be an open window to try to resolve some of that. As you know, in the past, we've been successful in winning some projects going down into the Maryland, Virginia area. So, it could be additional opportunity there in addition to just investments in our own area. I would say that from a broader strategic perspective, I think those auction results also would reinforce our strategy in working with the state of Pennsylvania and the other EDCs in the state to help resolve the resource adequacy concerns that many of us have been talking about for a while now, in particular, in PJM. And so we're not going to just sit back and wait for this issue to resolve itself. We have an obligation to serve and do everything that we can for our customers, whether it's these additional transmission investments, I think we can do additional grid-enhancing technologies on the existing grid and then continuing to advocate for legislative change. So, we'll continue to push that agenda to ultimately lower the price of electricity for our customers and reduce the volatility.
Shar Pourreza: And Vince, just on -- it's a good segue right to my follow-up. But just on the broader resource question to BR. A lot of your wires peers have commented on it this week you just did. We've had -- in the past, we've had similar attempts on this kind of reregulation of certain amount of generation over 13 years ago, right, in New Jersey and Maryland with the LCAP and MCAP program, which ultimately got struck down by the courts, it was a little bit more on the capacity side versus energy. But I guess what's different focusing on potential generation request by the wireless companies? Where are the conversations at with policymakers? Are they waiting for the IP piece to step up and build? What's your trigger point? Should we be watching a legislative window next year, I guess, just elaborate a little bit on some of the dialogue you guys are having?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Well, look, I think the biggest difference, Shar, is what's in the queue, right? And what we right now is significant amounts of dispatchable generation being retired with very little dispatchable generation coming on. And so I think that's the big -- the big issue is not so much the energy play. It's the capacity play and having -- making sure that we have enough capacity to serve 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365. So, that's really the big difference, I would say, from what we're seeing now. And so what's being left in the market is creating real concerns around resource adequacy, I think there's a few signposts that we're certainly watching to determine what the long-term impact of this capacity option will be in terms of our customer bills, but also just on resource adequacy, we want to see what the auction results are for the 2026, 2027 planning year, which will happen in December. Same thing for the 2027, 2028 planning here. That will occur next June. I want to see if there's any new dispatchable generation entering the queue between now and December, right? We suspect that the IPPs will want to see more than just this one data point before they're committing to building new dispatchable gen like natural gas. So, we'll be keeping an eye on that. So, there's a few things that we'll be looking at. This, of course, is one data point, but I think it clearly supports our strategy, which is we sure we keep resource adequacy front and center. We think the states are going to have to play an active role in that. Unfortunately, I think Pennsylvania is taking this seriously, and we look forward to continuing to work with all the stakeholders in the state to see what we can do to show this up.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. I appreciate the additional color here. Congrats on the results and seriously, we'll see you soon.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks Shar.
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Morning Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning Vince. Thank you for taking my questions. Hey, I just want to continue the discussion on the PJM auction results. You mentioned that IPPs probably want another signal before they can commit capital here. This is a pretty dramatic signal in terms of price increases. One of the things we're consistently getting asked from investors is what does it do to utility builds? Your peers kind of talked about double-digit increases in some of their services. I know this is not 9 times translates into that large a bill increase, but just maybe can you discuss that a bit what does this mean for customer bills?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, of course. So, I would say for the near-term impact for customer bills, and this of course, assumes all else equal, right, which never is the case. But all else equal, we would estimate that these higher prices would impact the generation portion of the bill for an average customer by about $10 to $15 per month. That represents roughly 5% to 10% of the total bill. We would expect that to begin in 2025 as our suppliers start to reflect these higher prices in their solicitation bids. I did talk in our prepared remarks, fortunately, in addition to the other actions that I just talked about with Shar, that we're taking on this issue. We are seeing that substantial data center load. And if we just stick with that 5 gigs in advanced stages, right, that would reduce our customer bills over time by a similar amount that we're talking as a result of the capacity price increases once that demand all comes online. So, lots of moving parts on here. Obviously, the capacity prices will have a near-term increase impact and then we'll look to mitigate that over time with various actions, including the data center look coming online.
Durgesh Chopra: That's very helpful. I appreciate the detail there. Then just switching gears on the balance sheet. Just thinking about the $400 million to $450 million you mentioned and other opportunities across the different states. How should we think about your balance sheet capacity? What CapEx could be done with debt? And at what point you might consider equity as we think about you rolling forward your plan here into 2029 now?
Joe Bergstein: Sure. Hi Durgesh, it's Joe. So, look, I'd just say that our balance sheet is in really good shape, and we expect to be within the FFO to debt range of 16% to 18% through the planning horizon. Capital is just one factor that goes into our financing needs, and we'll work that through as we update our business plan. But obviously, there's other things that drive those financing needs to determine what will ultimately do, interest rates, inflation, our efficiency strategy certainly plays a role in that and then rate case outcome. So, as we go through the plan, and incorporate all of these factors, including potential additions for data centers and other opportunities, we'll take that into -- but again, our balance sheet is in really good shape.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you. Thank you, both. Appreciate the time.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks Durgesh.
Operator: The next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Morning Dave.
David Arcaro: Hey good morning. Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Looking ahead to the Kentucky IRP in October. Just curious, does it look likely at this point that you'll need new generation as you're crafting that before you file it?
Vince Sorgi: Well, I certainly don't want to get in front of that process that right, it's a very extensive process that we go through when we update the IRP. We are required to update that in October with the commission. The reason I say that, Dave, is, obviously, we have to do a full load forecast update, right? So, we'll look at what's going on with the industrial growth, what's going on with data centers, just general customer -- new customer additions and what we're seeing from a relatively useful customer perspective. We also have to take into account energy efficiency programs, distributed energy resources, penetration, of course, electric vehicles are starting to come in. So, we will do a comprehensive load forecast with multiple scenarios around that forecast and that ultimately feed into how we believe we will need to deal with that from a migration supply perspective, which could include a combination of dispatchable resources to ensure we have capacity there, which would be something like another combined cycle natural gas plant, but it could also entail additional solar or renewable resources, batteries similar to what we got approved last year. So, I don't want to get in front of what that result will be, but suffice it to say, we'll go through that full analysis that we'll have a pretty good sense when we file that what our generation needs. And then if it shows the need for incremental generation, we would follow that up shortly thereafter with the CPCN to request approval for that.
David Arcaro: Yes, understood. That makes sense. I was also curious, do you have a view on how long -- just thinking about the PJM market, how tight that market has gotten here. How long does this does it take to build a new gas plant in PJM realistically? Like when could we actually see a supply response kind of from anybody as we look at supporting the supply/demand tightness?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, you're not going to love this answer, but it depends, right? Are we talking peakers? Are we talking combined cycle? Do you own turbines -- do you have to get in the queue? Theoretically, if you own turbines and we're talking peakers, and you've done some site work probably 18 months, 18 to 24 months on the short end. If you're starting from scratch and you want to go combined cycle, it's probably four to five years.
David Arcaro: Yes, got it. That makes sense. Tough problem to solve, but depending on which can you go. Maybe one last question from me. You've highlighted the TMO in the slides. And so looking at the O&M opportunities, I was wondering, have you taken a look at kind of beyond the 2026 targets? What are the -- what's the opportunity set here? Can you continue beyond your existing targets on O&M cost reductions?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, Dave, it's Joe. Certainly, beyond 2026, we continue to see opportunities. Vince mentioned, AI and some of the use cases that we're seeing that we think can drive longer-term O&M efficiency opportunities. Clearly, we're focused on achieving the $175 million that we've laid out, which we're in good -- making good progress on and we'll achieve that we'll continue to look for opportunities beyond that time frame. But certainly, there will be opportunities to get more efficient.
David Arcaro: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate the color.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks Dave.
Operator: The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning tea. Thank you guys for the time. Nice job you guys. So, a lot has been said here, but let me pivot a little bit in a different direction here on this conversation on data centers. And that's the heuristic I think you provided about like 1 gigawatt reducing the bill by like $3 a month. How do you think about that scaling here, right? Because you talked about more than 1 gigawatt of data center. Obviously, I think that there's an element of time here of when you realize those cost savings. But can you speak to that again, you throw out like a 5-gigawatt potential, for instance, here of late. Like not going to reduce emission costs that sizable linearly.
Vince Sorgi: What we're seeing with the current 5 gigs is that, that starts in 2026, we would expect to be at our first gig in 2027 and then probably added 1 gig each year thereafter.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And what does that mean for -- as you think about like build cost reductions through that, right, using that heuristic of that $3 a month. Do you think about -- did it see compounding benefits every year?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, it's about $3 a month per gigawatt. So, by the time we get the full 5 gigawatts, it would be about $15 a month in lower bills for the per residential customers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Wow. Okay, that's pretty impressive. And then separately here, just in terms of -- you talked about this predictive failure technology, not being DSIC eligible. Can you talk about what that does for rate case timing, if at all? Or can you talk about Pennsylvania at large on the rate case side, I suppose there are other factors there as well?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, sure. I mean in general, I mean, $84 million isn't going to necessarily impact our rate case timing, Julian. But -- so we'll look to continue to deploy that technology and seek recovery in our next base rate case. Joe, you can talk about timing on that?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, I think at this point, the earliest we would see a rate case in Pennsylvania would be 2026 and that would be at the earliest, we may be able to go beyond that timeframe. Again, it's point, he's right $84 million isn't going to drive that decision, but we'll deploy it, and we'll seek recovery of that in the next rate case whenever it may be.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. And then related here, your thoughts on -- just going back to that, I think you said October filing on the next IRP here. Just to the extent to which that you are able to move swiftly on that second combined cycle here, presumably as a piece of that. I mean how front-end loaded versus longer-dated could some of these opportunities prove themselves?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, near-term transmission upgrades, those will go in line with the requests. Just to give you -- again, we're in a $10 million to $75 million per project range in Kentucky, just given the size of the projects down there just to give you a sense for the 350 megawatts that are in more advanced stages in Kentucky, that's just under $30 million of incremental capital there on the transmission side. So, those will be done in concert with the data center demand coming on. In terms of the generation, any large-scale generation like would not come online until around 2030. That's the indication we've gotten from the commission, when we talk to EPC contractors, when we look at when we can get the turbines, that's probably where we're talking in kind of the 2030 timeframe. So, obviously, the few years prior to that is when we'll be spending the capital.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, probably, 2028 to 2030 there. All right. Cool. Excellent. Thank you guys. Appreciate it very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Ryan Levine with Citi. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Hello Ryan.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. Hey everybody. For the 5 gigawatt opportunity, what's the timetable for go, no-go decisions for these potential customers? Is there any cadence or color you could provide around how that could play out?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So look, we're making good progress with the developers on all of those. We're working through the PJM planning process as well as the PUC processes, all of that is progressing well. I would say probably no change, Ryan, from what we talked about on the Q1 call. We still expect that any formal announcements would come kind of at the end of the year, beginning of next year. The data center companies are going to want to make sure we get through those full processes before they're announcing. So we would expect that to be really around the end of the year, beginning of next year.
Ryan Levine: The end-of-year decision for the initial 3 gigawatts or to the entire 5?
Vince Sorgi: That's all 5.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then in terms of the Pennsylvania CapEx associated with that, I appreciate the color provided. But in terms of scaling beyond the 5, is there any key milestones or amounts that you'd have to achieve to be able to have maybe a bigger step up on a per megawatt basis from an investment standpoint?
Vince Sorgi: I mean, again, that's really very project specific. So, we'll update this quarterly so you have a sense of how we're progressing on overall data center demand in our jurisdictions, how much is in the queue, how much is in advanced stages. We'll try to provide updated CapEx estimates as we go along. But it'd be hard to again, we're talking $50 million to $150 million. So, that's a $100 million range depending on the project. So, we'll keep that disclosure updated as we go.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then one last one for me. In terms of the headquarters in Pennsylvania, is there any practical implications from headcount or cost outlook given the real estate sale?
Vince Sorgi: No, I mean this was really -- the decision to sell the building was a kind of post-COVID had way too much real estate from what we needed. It was underutilized. And so nothing to do with headcount.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey good morning team. Hope summer treating you well.
Vince Sorgi: Likewise.
Anthony Crowdell: Range's schedule is out, but we'll keep it just to the call here. I'm just wondering, Vince, you talked about some of the transmission opportunities and the infrastructure investment associated with this higher capacity price. If you -- and then we're going to look at December to see what the print is there. I mean, do you think higher capacity prices are good for PPL given the potential added investment?
Vince Sorgi: Well, look, I think there's a number of things we're focused on, Anthony, right? There's resource adequacy overall in the market, in particular, in PJM. And so if those higher prices incentivize new generation and sure resource adequacy, that's a good thing, for all of us in PJM. We talked about the higher cost that will ultimately bear for our customers, which obviously is not great for our customers, but we're looking at all alternatives to see how we can bring that generation to bear in the most lease cost way, as you know. So, there are some puts and there are some takes, I would say, with that print.
Anthony Crowdell: Got it. And then just following up, and I apologize if you just keep popping on the PJM, and I'm just not that familiar with it. For your customers in Pennsylvania that maybe don't shop that maybe the utility procures the energy. Is there a hedging strategy you guys pursue to mitigate any energy price volatility for customers?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, that's why the range is $10 to $15. So, we have in the early part of 2025 where we've already procured that power. It wouldn't have as big of an impact as the back half when we're procuring additional power and those prices might be reflected in what we're buying. So, the next solicitation is October, 4th quarter of this year. So, we're suspecting that those prices will make its way into that solicitation.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Looking forward to seeing you guys next week.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thank you. I just want to thank everybody for joining us on today's call. We will be in New York next week and hopefully, we'll get to see as many of you as we can then. So, thanks again for joining.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. 
 I'd now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Andy Ludwig: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL Conference Call on First Quarter 2024 Financial Results. We have provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. 
 Begin today's call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer and conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. 
 Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements.
 We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix.
 I'll now turn the call over to Vince. 
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter investor update. Let's start with our financial results and a few highlights from the quarter on Slide 4. Today, we reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $0.42 per share. Adjusting for special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.54 per share representing a 12.5% increase over ongoing earnings of $0.48 per share a year ago. This increase was supported by additional returns on capital investments and higher sales volumes as we saw milder weather last year compared to this year. 
 Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability deliver on our 2024 ongoing earnings forecast of $1.63 to $1.75 per share. with a midpoint of $1.69 share. We are also on track to complete approximately $3.1 billion in infrastructure improvements this year to strengthen grid reliability and resiliency and advance a cleaner energy mix without compromising on affordability for our customers. 
 At the same time, we remain confident in our long-term business plan as we execute our strategy to create the utilities of the future. 
 We're well positioned to achieve our projected 6% to 8% annual earnings per share and dividend growth through at least 2027. As we outlined in February, our capital plan includes $14.3 billion in infrastructure improvements from 2024 to 2027. And across PPL, we continue to drive greater efficiency through our utility of the future strategy to help keep energy affordable for our customers. 
 With this in mind, we're on pace to achieve our annual O&M savings target of at least $175 million by 2026. 
 Moving to Slide 5 with an operational and regulatory update. We were pleased to secure positive outcomes in our second annual infrastructure, safety and reliability or ISR proceedings before the Rhode Island PUC. ISR plans are submitted annually in Rhode Island and outline proposed capital investments and related operating costs to strengthen safety, reliability and resiliency of our electric and gas distribution networks. The plans approved this March address Rhode Island Energy's proposed spending from April 1, 2024, to March 31, 2025. 
 In its decision, the PUC unanimously approved $326 million in planned spending and investment. This includes approximately $300 million in capital investments, including $132 million for electric and $168 million for gas and $26 million in operating costs for vegetation management, restoration paving on gas main replacement projects, system inspections and other work. These investments are critical to maintaining and improving the safety and reliability of electricity and gas service for our customers in Rhode Island and will help to enable the clean energy transition in the state.
 Shifting to Pennsylvania. Last week, PPL Electric Utilities filed a petition with the Pennsylvania PUC to raise the company's distribution system improvement charge cap from 5% to 9% of distribution revenues for bills rendered on or after January 1, 2025. 
 The DSIC accelerates the repair and replacement of aging infrastructure by allowing utilities to recover the cost of investments in eligible property. As we confront more frequent and powerful storms and aging infrastructure, we believe an increase is needed maintain and improve reliability moving forward. We expect minimal impact to customer bills because of this change, and we look forward to engaging with the commission as they consider our request. We expect a decision on this petition by year-end. 
 PPL Electric Utilities also recently filed its latest default service plan with the PaPUC. The plan, which was filed in Q1 reflects our strong focus on energy affordability and outlines the company's strategy to procure generation supply for customers who don't choose a third-party energy supplier.
 To best support our customers, the proposed plan includes modifications to lessen price volatility, improve affordability, support resource adequacy and foster the growth and development of renewable generation in Pennsylvania. 
 During the planned design, PPL Electric leverage data analytics to optimize the proposed procurement strategy for affordability. We expect the modifications to result in lower supply cost for our customers during the term of the plan, which is from June 1, 2025 through May 31, 2029. We expect a decision from the PaPUC on this plan by year-end as well.
 Moving to Slide 6. We continue to advance plans to support prospective data center development in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky. As we work with data center companies, we feel we are very well positioned to serve their needs for a variety of reasons. For starters, we have capacity on our grid such that the needed investment by the data centers is not too significant. This also enables connection to our grids in a timely manner, supporting their desired commercial operation date. In addition, our reliability is very strong with top quartile reliability. 
 Our states also have an abundance of reasonably priced land available for these data centers. Further, we are close to large metropolitan markets in New England and Mid-Atlantic regions. And finally, we have programs in both states that provide incentives for data centers to locate in our service territories. 
 Our current business plan does not reflect the investments or load related to these large data center projects. So any meaningful deployment in this space would represent upside to the plan. In Pennsylvania, we continue to see record numbers of requests within our service territory, including some very large centers that are projecting more than a gigawatt of load at full capacity. 
 We currently have approximately 3 gigawatts data center demand in advanced stages. The potential upside for PPL comes in the form of additional required investments in transmission and returns on the related rate base through the FERC formula rate. 
 Currently, we estimate that each data center would require on average, $50 million to $150 million of capital investment, and that's PPL share, depending on the size, location and specific needs of the data center. As the sensitivity of the $125 million of PPL investment, would result in about $0.01 of EPS. And despite this added investment, we expect that our retail customers in Pennsylvania will benefit as well as the transmission component of the bill will decrease as they are spread over increased load.
 In Kentucky, we are also actively working with several large data centers. The data centers we're currently seeing in Kentucky range between 300 and 500 megawatts each. Like Pennsylvania, any transmission upgrades would be additive to our capital plan, although those will be more modest than the levels we are currently seeing in Pennsylvania due to the smaller size of the data centers. The more significant upside potential from additional data center demand is due to the vertically integrated nature of our Kentucky business as a significant ramp in electricity demand could also result in incremental generation needs in our service territory. Any additional generation investment would also represent upside to our current capital plan.
 From a timing perspective, based on our ongoing dialogue, we would expect to have a better sense of these opportunities in the latter half of the year and into 2025. Ultimately, data centers are key to American competitiveness and AI deployment moving forward, and we are actively engaged to support their expansion. 
 Moving to Slide 7 and some items on the horizon. On April 25, the EPA announced a suite of final rules related to fossil fuel-fired power plants. The 4 rules announced are Section 111 greenhouse gas CO2 standards, which requires that all coal-fired plants and new baseload gas-fired plants control 90% of their carbon pollution via carbon capture technology or other means by 2032. 
 The affluent limitation guidelines, which establishes more stringent discharge standards for 3 different wastewaters generated at coal-fired plants. The coal combustion residuals rule, which requires additional coal ash management for inactive CCR units, which were formerly exempt. And the mercury and air toxic standards rule or MATS, which tightens the emission standard for toxic metals by 67% and finalizes a 70% reduction in the emission standard for mercury from coal-fired plants. 
 We expect these rules to be challenged by various parties and that it will likely take years to go through the legal process. Should these rules be upheld in the courts, it could exacerbate the resource adequacy concerns in the 2030s while resulting in significant incremental environmental capital investments and/or additional capital needs for generation replacement in the latter part of our planning period and beyond. These rules will also be considered in the request for proposal recently issued by LG&E and KU for renewable energy. 
 The RFP is seeking to evaluate alternatives procure lease cost long-term supply of renewable energy to serve our customers. These potential additions would help to address load growth, diversification of the generation portfolio and the newly issued EPA regulations. Proposals are due back by the end of the second quarter, and we expect to complete our review in the fourth quarter.
 Looking ahead in Kentucky, LG&E and KU expect to file their triennial integrated resource plan in the fourth quarter of this year. The IRP will be a comprehensive review of electricity supply and demand within our service territories over a 15-year planning horizon. We'll also update our load forecast for our service territories, which will include updated assumptions for electrification, industrial growth and potential data center development as well as any updates to energy efficiency trends. 
 Supply forecast will include the results of our recently approved CPCN late last year to retire 600 megawatts of coal generation and replace that with a combination of efficient combined cycle natural gas, solar and battery storage capacity.
 We will also include recommendations received from the KPSC during our last IRP filing including updates to our demand-side management and energy efficiency programs, transmission needs and recently issued environmental regulations. 
 Following our IRP filing, we'll then conduct another climate assessment and expect to publish an updated report in 2025.
 That concludes my strategic and operational update. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. 
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 9. PPL's first quarter GAAP earnings were $0.42 per share compared to $0.39 per share in Q1 2023. We recorded special items of $0.12 per share during the first quarter primarily due to integration and related expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy. 
 Adjusting for these special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.54 per share an improvement of $0.06 per share compared to Q1 2023. The primary drivers of this increase were returns on capital investments, higher sales volumes and lower operating costs, partially offset by higher interest expense. Our solid first quarter results keep us on track to achieve at least the midpoint of our 2024 earnings forecast of $1.69 per share.
 During the quarter, we issued a combined $1.2 billion of debt in 2 separate offerings. We were focused on early execution of the financing plan, which allowed us to take advantage of rates lower than the current market and derisk for the remainder of the year. 
 In January, we issued $650 million of first mortgage bonds at PPL Electric Utilities at 4.85%. And in March, we issued $500 million of senior unsecured notes at Rhode Island Energy at 5.35%, which represented the first debt offering for Rhode Island Energy since our acquisition. 
 We saw tremendous demand for both transactions, and we're able to execute them at efficient prices given the relative market conditions.
 PPL's balance sheet remains among the very best in our sector and provides the company with significant financial flexibility. We continue to project a 16% to 18% FFO to debt ratio throughout our planning period while maintaining a holding company to total debt ratio below 25%. As of the end of the first quarter, our floating rate debt exposure remains at just about 5% and we have limited near-term refinancing risk. 
 Finally, we remain uniquely positioned in the sector to continue to fund our growth without the need for equity throughout our planning period. 
 Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the first quarter on Slide 10. Our Kentucky segment results increased by $0.03 per share compared to the first quarter of 2023. The improvement in Kentucky's results was primarily driven by higher sales volumes, primarily due to the extremely mild weather experienced during the first quarter of last year. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results increased by $0.03 per share compared to the same period a year ago. The increase was primarily driven by higher transmission revenue and lower operating costs. 
 Our Rhode Island segment results increased by $0.01 per share compared to the same period a year ago. This increase was primarily driven by higher distribution revenue from capital investments, higher transmission revenue and lower operating costs, partially offset by higher interest expense. 
 Finally, results at Corporate and Other decreased by $0.01 per share compared to the prior period primarily due to factors that were not individually significant. 
 I'm extremely pleased with our financial performance for the quarter as we continue to execute our plan. 
 This concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Vince. 
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In closing, our strong performance in the first quarter keeps us squarely on track to deliver on our 2024 commitments to shareowners. As we continue to execute our utility of the future strategy, we're well positioned to achieve or exceed the midpoint of our 2024 ongoing earnings guidance. We're off to a strong start in executing our capital plans, keeping us on track to invest $3.1 billion in infrastructure improvements this year. The newly issued EPA regulations, while they present some real reliability concerns for the industry represent only further upside to our long-term outlook for the business. 
 We continue to make good progress in integrating Rhode Island Energy into PPL keeping us on pace to exit our remaining transition service agreements with National Grid this year. 
 And finally, we remain laser-focused on driving efficiency through our Utility of the Future strategy, centralization efforts and asset optimization to keep energy affordable for our customers. 
 All in all, we are well positioned to continue our strong track record of execution this year. 
 And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. 
James Kennedy: It's actually James on for Shar. Maybe starting on the data center side, thanks for all the details on the backdrop across the 2 jurisdictions there. Can you just give us maybe a little bit more color on the timing of the spend for those 3 gigawatts in Pennsylvania as it relates kind of to the current plan through '27? And then secondly, how kind of firm is that advance stage at point -- at this point for those guys? 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, sure, James. So just in terms of firmness, we do have signed agreements for that 3 gigawatts. So continuing to work through the process with multiple data center companies would probably be in a position or would not be in a position to make a public announcement either from them or us until kind of late this year, early next year. So still a little bit of ways to go on these, but we do have signed agreements with them all. 
 These would be for in-service dates beginning in 2026. So I think -- '26, '27, '28. And then again, we would be making the bulk of our investments right in time for those initial and service dates. 
James Kennedy: Okay. Got you. And then keeping it in Pennsylvania, if the DSIC waiver process were unsuccessful, I guess, how would that impact the rate case cycle plan and any impact to the distribution spend plan as it's laid out today? 
Joe Bergstein: Yes, James, this is Joe. First, it wouldn't impact our distribution capital plans. Those are necessary investments that we'll continue to make. What it would do is potentially impact the timing of our next rate case, although as we've said, no rate case in Pennsylvania this year or next. So really likely timing could be as early as '26, but again, we'll have to see the outcome of that petition and what the commission decides on there. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. 
Durgesh Chopra: Just on the data center topic, I know the opportunity set is in the transmission investment for you. Well, maybe can you help us kind of frame, is there new generation or additional generation attached to these contracts? If you can talk to that? And then secondly, you mentioned '26 to '28 time line, how are you thinking about the construction time line and any sort of risks on approvals, I'm thinking FERC approvals or any other approvals that you may need to get the projects going? 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, sure. So the agreements that we've signed basically enable us to start the development work of the projects, and it would result in reimbursement back to the company should we not move forward with the data center. So data center companies are really taking the risk on that. Overall, we feel good about our ability to get these projects approved through the regulatory process. But you're right, we do need to go through that process. But we are currently spending money on the development for the ones that at least we have the signed agreements, we're starting those now to be ready for a 2026 the initial service fee.
 On the generation side, so yes, the investment opportunity is really twofold. In Pennsylvania, it's really just the transmission investment that we need to make. These are large centers, so they're connecting to T. Again, we're in the $50 million to $150 million per data center range. That's our share. So the data center is also picking up in similar-sized investments on each of these. So that's kind of the investment opportunity in PA. 
 Kentucky, again, not as big of data centers, at least the initial ones that we are engaged with there. So the investment opportunities are a little bit smaller, around the $25 million to $75 million per data center range there. But as your question kind of highlights, I think the biggest opportunity from an investment perspective is really on the need for additional generation in Kentucky. 
 Our current reserve margins are in the 23% range. We kind of target a 17% to 24% range down there with the solar projects that we have and that we're building, we would expect absent anything else to be a little bit over 25%. So obviously, keeping all of this in mind as we put together the IRP. So we'll be updating our full load forecast, including potential data centers, but all the other industrial loads that are coming from the economic development activity, but we also have to look at energy efficiency and DER and everything else that's a counterbalancing there. And then determine if we need additional generation. 
 I will say, importantly, as we think about the possibility of needing to build the second combined cycle unit down there, whether it's for the data centers or just industrial growth in general, I think it's important to note that we do still have a spot in the queue for that second CCGT from our prior solicitation. So our ability to build that relatively quickly is there. 
Durgesh Chopra: That's very, very helpful, Vince. But can I just go back Pennsylvania and the way you structure this transmission agreement, is that tied to a new generation source? I know that's not an opportunity for you, but I'm just curious from a sort of a Pennsylvania state perspective, supply-demand perspective. Is that a new generation source? Or are you basically getting power from an existing generation source? I don't know if that makes sense. Did you get the question I'm asking? 
Vincent Sorgi: I do. Yes, it is not tied to any specific generation. So ultimately the market through PJM and/or other means needs to continue to build new generation to keep up with this demand. But that will go through the general PJM process. 
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's perfect. And then just one quick one, and I'll get back in the queue. Is there a procedural schedule on the DSIC application, the raising cap or sort of specific time lines for us to watch? 
Vincent Sorgi: There isn't, although we do expect to basically have a decision on both the DSIC waiver and the LTIP filing by the end of the year. So in general, the LTIP takes about 9 months, those types of filings, and we think it makes sense. Obviously, we requested the DSIC decision to be before the end of the year so that we could apply it for 2025. 
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. I also want to echo James' thanks and comments on the data center information really helpful. And congrats on a great quarter here. Thank you again. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. 
Steven Fleishman: So just to kind of -- because we're hearing a lot about data centers. Could you give us any sense of just like how meaningful the deposits are for you to be pursuing this in terms of just the scheme of scale the whole thing, just as it is -- kind of helps to assess just likelihood, I guess? 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So I don't want to get into details around like deposits or anything like that [indiscernible], although I will say the agreement, again, that we are -- that we signed in Pennsylvania, those agreements permit us to start spending on these and then we would get recovery of those for some reason if we don't move forward. So I think the curiousness of the counterparties is there [indiscernible] clearly, right? And for all the reasons I talked about in my prepared remarks, I think we do bring a number of benefits to bear for these folks. Not the least of which is not only our capacity to connect them, but our ability to meet their in-service deadlines. So we can get this work done in time for 2026 in service states for these data centers. 
 So as of right now, again, to your point, it's never done until it's done, and I appreciate that. But as of now, I'd be pretty disappointed if we didn't get at least 1 data center in our service territories. I would expect more than that though. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just in terms of -- I mean, we're hearing data center growth in several other parts of the PJM market. And I'm just wondering, do you see the potential need for more transmission, not for necessarily your own data center, but just for all this broader growth potential in PJM that could create more need and obviously move power flows and the like. Any thoughts there. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, absolutely. And you saw some of that. We've won in a FERC 1000 process last year to build into the Dominion zone for some of the data center load down there. So yes, to your point, depending on where these pockets set up, because generally, as we're talking with these data center companies, it's not necessarily just one and done. If they can build one, their intention is to expand upon that. And so I think you'll start to see these data center hubs start to get created around the country. Obviously, there's economies of scale if they're kind of bundling together.
 And to your point, that creates a demand for transmission into those areas and again, in the Dominion zone, we ended up winning it was like $100 million to $150 million project to help handle that congestion. So yes, I do think that's a continued opportunity indeed. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then a different topic. Just in Pennsylvania on the DSIC waiver filing. Is this something that -- is something that could be settable thing? Or is this something really where the commission just needs to decide? 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. In general, certainly, where we can engage with the commission end up with something in between, sure, certainly. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the questions-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for closing remarks. 
Vincent Sorgi: Thanks a lot. And I just want to thank everybody for joining us on today's call. I do want to remind everyone that this Saturday is the 150th running of the Kentucky Derby, which is the most exciting 2 minutes in sport. So enjoy the race, and we hope to see you soon. Thanks, everybody. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation conference call on fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. We begin today’s call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer and conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I’ll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL’s SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures including earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. I’ll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy and good morning everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and year end investor update. I'm excited for today's call as we closed out 2023 in strong fashion and our future continues to look very bright. And I look forward to highlighting why that is on today's call. Turning to Slide 4. I'm very proud of what our PPL team was able to accomplish in 2023. In short, it was a year of challenges met and promises kept. Most importantly, we delivered electricity and natural gas safely and reliably to our more than 3.5 million customers. This included top quartile T&D reliability at each of our utilities, including record reliability for our companies in Kentucky and Rhode Island and top decile performance in Pennsylvania. Our generation reliability in Kentucky was among the very best in the nation. We achieved all this despite heightened storm activity in each of our service territories. At the same time and despite over $0.10 per share impact from mild weather and storms, we delivered on every one of our financial commitments to our shareowners. Namely, we achieved ongoing earnings of $1.60 per share, exceeding the midpoint of our ongoing earnings forecast by $0.02 and delivering over 8% growth from pro forma 2022. We achieved this through our strong focus on operational efficiency and outperformance in key areas that Joe will cover in his financial review. We also executed $2.4 billion in planned capital spend on time and on budget to advance a reliable, resilient, affordable, and cleaner energy future. We exceeded our annual O&M savings target for 2023 through our strong enterprise-wide focus on technology and business transformation, achieving $75 million in savings from our 2021 baseline, reinforcing our continuous improvement mindset and putting us solidly on track to deliver our targeted $175 million in O&M savings by 2026. These operational and financial achievements were matched by strong results elsewhere in the business that position us for future success. Underpinned by sound planning and effective management of regulatory proceedings, we secured constructive regulatory outcomes in Kentucky and Rhode Island. In Kentucky, we secured approval for about $2 billion in generation replacement investments as part of our CPCN process that concluded in November of last year. The KPSC's decision ensures that we can continue to meet our customers' future energy needs safely, reliably, and affordably, while advancing a cleaner energy mix in the state. And in Rhode Island, we secured approval of our first infrastructure, safety, and reliability plans since acquiring Rhode Island Energy. In addition, we received the green light to deploy advanced metering functionality across Rhode Island, as we lay a foundation for a smarter, more resilient, more reliable, and more dynamic electric grid capable of supporting the state's leading climate goals. Finally, we continue to provide a smooth and seamless transition to PPL ownership for our Rhode Island Energy stakeholders, completing all planned 2023 integration milestones and keeping us on track to exit our remaining transition service agreements with National Grid in mid-2024. These achievements are a direct result of our focus on execution, our disciplined investment strategy, our ability to adjust when challenges arise, our experienced leadership team, and clarity of purpose across PPL as we pursue our Utilities of the Future Strategy. Looking ahead, we recognize we still have room to improve as we pursue our vision to be the best utility company in the US. And in 2024, we're determined to make continued progress as we seek to maximize long-term value for both our customers and shareowners. Turning to Slide 5. Today, we announced the results of our updated business plan, which extends our projected growth outlook through at least 2027. In connection with this update, today, we announced our 2024 ongoing earnings forecast range of $1.63 to $1.75 per share. The midpoint of this range, $1.69 per share, represents 7% growth from our 2023 ongoing earnings per share target, consistent with our long-term growth targets. In addition, today, we announced a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.2575 per share. This represents a 7.3% increase from the current quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share and aligns with our commitment to dividend growth in line with our EPS growth targets. We've extended our 6% to 8% annual EPS and dividend growth targets through at least 2027 based off the midpoint of our 2024 earnings forecast range. In addition to today's updated growth forecast, our updated capital plan includes $14.3 billion from 2024 to 2027 to strengthen grid reliability and resiliency and advance a cleaner energy mix without compromising on affordability. The new plan is expected to drive average annual rate base growth of 6.3% through 2027, up from the prior growth rate of 5.6%. We plan to fund these additional investments supported by our exceptional balance sheet as our credit metrics remain well within our targets throughout the planned period without the need for equity issuances through at least 2027. As I highlighted in my recap of 2023, we've made outstanding progress towards our multiyear target of at least $175 million in annual O&M savings by 2026. Based on the progress we made last year, we remain solidly on track to deliver our 2024 targeted savings of $120 million to $130 million. In terms of rate case timing in the plan, we do not anticipate any base rate case filings in 2024 in Pennsylvania, Kentucky, or Rhode Island. Looking beyond 2024, our current projections would have us filing a base rate case a bit sooner in Kentucky than previously anticipated due to several factors, including the CPCN decision and additional capital investment needs on the T&D side of the business. Currently, we believe the earliest we would file a rate case in Kentucky will be in the first half of 2025. For Rhode Island, the earliest we would file is late 2025, which is consistent with the prior plan. Finally, in Pennsylvania, recall that we have not been in for a base rate case since 2015 and we have no plans to go in again before 2026 at the earliest. The DSIC mechanism in Pennsylvania has operated as designed to support long-term infrastructure investment between rate cases. We do see an increased need to invest more to improve reliability on the distribution system and filed with the Pennsylvania PUC a request to modify our long-term infrastructure improvement plan, or LTIP, which includes an increase in planned DSIC eligible investment over a five-year period. We are considering filing a waiver request with the Pennsylvania PUC in the near future, requesting modifications to the DSIC mechanism to support accelerated replacement of aging infrastructure. As always, our focus is on maintaining affordability for our customers. And we will continue to evaluate the need for future rate cases based on a variety of factors, including capital plans, interest rates, market conditions, and regulatory lag. Turning to Slide 6. Our updated plan and business outlook supports our Utilities of the Future Strategy, which is core to everything we do. What does that mean to us? It means updating our design criteria and continuing to harden our transmission and distribution systems to protect against climate change and keep our systems and data secure again cyber threats. It means expanding our industry-leading use of technology, including smart grids, automation, data analytics, AI, and technologies that haven't even been invented yet to build a self-healing grid. It means investing in R&D to drive innovation to advance technologies that can be scaled safely, reliably, and affordably to meet our customers' evolving energy needs and to actually achieve net zero. Like the carbon capture project that was awarded a $72 million DOE grant at our Cane Run combined cycle plant in Kentucky. At the same time, it means expanding transmission and incorporating grid-enhancing technologies to connect more renewables and improve reliability for our customers; advancing a cleaner generation mix, while keeping energy safe, reliable and affordable; expanding our ability to reliably manage two-way power flows on the distribution network as we connect significant more distributed energy; driving operational efficiencies to support an affordable clean energy transition; partnering with our customers and state and local officials to enable growth and economic development in our communities; and lastly, expanding self-service options for our customers using digital tools to enhance the customer experience. Turning to Slide 7. As you can hear, creating the Utilities of the Future requires change across our entire business, and it requires significant investments to support a net zero economy. The industry and others are projecting a 200% to 300% increase in electricity demand, which will require additions of reliable generation unless we see unprecedented amounts of energy conservation. At the same time, aging fossil fuel plants in this country are being retired very rapidly without replacements of reliable, dispatchable generation capacity. And considering that fossil fuel generation represents more than 50% of our total capacity in the US, that presents a potentially major problem if this transition is not managed appropriately. The math simply doesn't add up when we don't have proven, scalable technology currently available to actually achieve net zero carbon emissions that customers can afford. Most technologies used in our industry took 40 years to commercialize from the demonstration phase. We need to cut that timeframe in half, at least to meet net zero by 2050 targets, especially as we think about the big four new potential technologies, nuclear SMRs, carbon capture and sequestration, long-duration energy storage, and hydrogen. In the meantime, we need to leverage commercially viable resources that exist today to reduce our carbon footprint, while maintaining reliability. Those that are dispatchable, can ramp up and down quickly and are vital to balancing the gaps left on the system by intermittent renewables. That is why natural gas generation is the key to achieving deep decarbonization in this country and it actually allows us to deploy more renewables than we would otherwise be able to do because of the reliability benefits of natural gas. In a nutshell, this is what makes the energy transition such a challenge being able to deliver the clean energy future in a way that maintains reliability and affordability for our customers. However, with every challenge brings opportunity. And that's why we know our Utilities of the Future strategy is the right approach for this dynamic energy landscape. It's why our generation transition plan in Kentucky is reasoned and delivered and ensures we can maintain the reliability and resiliency of our customers and public officials demand. We actually need to figure out a way to do the same in deregulated markets like PJM and ISO New England. And it's why becoming more efficient is such a critical component of our strategy because for every dollar of O&M we can take out of the business, we can spend $8 on capital without impacting the customer bill. The energy transition simply won't happen if customers cannot afford it. This is how we will achieve our long-term vision and how we intend to enhance the value we deliver for all stakeholders. It requires us to lead from the front and that is exactly what we've been doing and what we will continue to do in 2024 and beyond. Turning to Slide 8 and our priorities for 2024. In addition to advancing our Utilities of the Future Strategy, our 2024 priorities also include achieving at least the midpoint of our earnings per share forecast, executing $3.1 billion in infrastructure investments to maintain safe, reliable, and affordable energy for our customers and modernize the grid. Delivering on our 2024 O&M savings targets as we deploy scalable technologies across our portfolio, take advantage of economies of scale created by our centralization efforts, and continue to leverage data analytics to reduce costs and optimize asset planning and maintenance. Finally, we need to complete our integration of Rhode Island Energy and exit all remaining tranches and service agreements with National Grid. Bottom-line, we're eager to showcase PPL's strengths once again in 2024, and we are poised to lead on these very significant issues facing our industry. We have tremendous conviction in our strategy and business plan and in our ability to execute them both and we look forward to once again delivering on our commitments to customers and shareowners. That concludes my business and strategic update. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince and good morning everyone. Let's turn to Slide 10. PPL's fourth quarter GAAP earnings were $0.15 per share compared to $0.26 per share in Q4 2022. We recorded special items of $0.25 per share during the fourth quarter, primarily due to a settlement agreement with Talen Energy Corporation as well as integration and related expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy. Adjusting for these special items, fourth quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.40 per share, an improvement of $0.12 per share compared to Q4 2022. The primary drivers of this increase were returns on capital investments and lower O&M expenses, partially offset by lower sales volumes, primarily due to the continued mild weather experienced in the fourth quarter of 2023. In total, weather was a $0.02 per share drag on our Q4 results compared to our plan. On an annual basis, our 2023 GAAP earnings were $1 per share. Adjusting for $0.60 per share of special items recorded throughout the year, our 2023 ongoing earnings were $1.60 per share. This compares to $1.41 per share of ongoing earnings for 2022 or a 13% increase from those prior year results. And as Vince noted, we delivered our earnings target for 2023, exceeding the $1.58 per share midpoint of our earnings forecast. Our teams did a fantastic job of executing our plan, while remaining steadfast in achieving our financial goals, which enabled us to offset the adverse impacts of significant unfavorable weather and storm activity, while maintaining reliability for our customers. 2023 demonstrated our ability to deal with adversity and still achieve our commitments to both customers and shareowners, adding to our confidence in our ability to achieve our earnings targets. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the fourth quarter on Slide 11. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results increased by $0.04 per share compared to the same period a year ago. The increase was primarily driven by lower O&M and higher transmission revenue, partially offset by lower sales volumes and higher interest expense. Our Kentucky segment results increased by $0.06 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. The improvement in Kentucky's results were primarily driven by lower O&M expense, partially offset by lower sales volumes due to the mild weather. Our Rhode Island segment results increased by $0.02 per share. This increase was primarily driven by higher rider revenue from capital investments, partially offset by higher interest expense. Finally, results at corporate and other were flat compared to the prior period, primarily due to lower income taxes, offset by higher O&M expense. Moving to Slide 12, 2023 was a pivotal year for PPL following our strategic repositioning, which we completed in 2022. Heading into the year, we set our 2023 earnings forecast range with a midpoint of $1.58 per share, representing 7% growth from the 2022 pro forma midpoint of $1.48 per share, which reflected a full year of earnings from Rhode Island Energy. And for the second consecutive year, we outperformed our own targets, beating our earnings forecast by $0.02 and achieving over 8% growth for the 2022 pro forma forecast midpoint. This was a significant achievement given the abnormally mild weather and storms we experienced, which impacted results by more than $0.10 per share. As I said numerous times over the past year, we were confident that our team would overcome those challenges and deliver on our commitments to both our customers and shareowners. This included several areas of excellent execution and constructive regulatory mechanisms, including prudent management of costs without sacrificing reliability, recovery of critical infrastructure investments in PA through the DSIC mechanism, outperformance and integration of Rhode Island Energy, and optimization of our financing plan. Looking at 2024, the midpoint of our earnings forecast range is $1.69 per share, which again represents 7% earnings growth from the midpoint of our 2023 forecast. Since we initially communicated our earnings growth targets to investors, we remain on that consistent trajectory, while extending that growth further into the future. And we've done that again today with our extension of the 6% to 8% growth targets to 2027, supported by an updated capital investment plan, which I'll discuss in more detail in a couple of slides. Moving to Slide 13. On this slide, we've provided a walk from our 2023 actual results of $1.60 per share to the midpoint of our 2024 forecast, highlighting the projected drivers of the year-over-year increase by segment. Our Pennsylvania segment results are expected to increase by $0.05 per share in 2024, primarily due to returns on additional capital investments in transmission, higher sales volume and lower O&M, partially offset by less distribution rider recovery and higher interest expense. We project our Kentucky segment results to increase by $0.07 per share in 2024, primarily driven by higher sales volumes due to the expected return to normal weather. Our Rhode Island segment results are expected to increase by $0.02 per share in 2024 compared to our 2023 results. This is primarily due to higher capital investment rider revenue and lower O&M, partially offset by higher depreciation expense. Finally, we project our corporate and other results to decrease by $0.05 per share in 2024, primarily due to higher interest expense and other factors that are not individually significant. Turning to Slide 14. Over the next four years, we have planned capital investments of $14.3 billion, focused on delivering superior service and enhancing the overall customer experience, while maintaining an affordable price. This includes advancing industry-leading grid modernization, expanding and hardening our transmission networks, improving the safety of our natural gas networks, and implementing our approved generation replacement plan in Kentucky. This plan represents a $2.4 billion increase in capital investments compared to the prior four-year plan. Approximately $1 billion of that increase is expected to occur in the 2024 to 2026 period. Most of that increase is projected to be in Pennsylvania and Kentucky as we continue to modernize our electric transmission and distribution systems and enhanced reliability and resiliency. We continue to expect significant investment needs until the end of this decade as reflected on our 2027 forecast. This includes nearly $1.2 billion in Pennsylvania, of which approximately 65% is transmission investment under FERC formula rates; $1.8 billion of investment in Kentucky, primarily related to further enhancements on the electric and gas T&D systems and to execute our generation replacement plan; and it includes over $700 million of investment in Rhode Island as we continue to prepare the grid for significant levels of clean energy resources and enhance resiliency against increasingly severe storms, while continuing our focus to maintain a safe and reliable gas network by replacing leak-prone pipe. Turning to Slide 15. These additional capital investments are projected to lead to annual rate base growth of 6.3% from 2023 to 2027. This compares to annual rate base growth of 5.6% in our prior plan period from 2022 to 2026. As you can see on the chart, two-thirds of our rate base relates to investments in our electric T&D networks, given the significant needs as we strengthen and modernize the grid. Importantly, while we project our total rate base to grow, rate base related to coal generation continues to decline from 2023 to 2027. In fact, the percentage of our total rate base related to coal generation is expected to be less than 12% by the end of 2027, down from about 18% today. And based on this trajectory, we expect this to continue to decline and be under 10% by the end of the decade. In summary, the result of our updated plan narrows the gap between our projected rate base growth and earnings growth targets as investment needs continue to increase with the evolving energy landscape. As such, we continue to be very focused on affordability and maximizing every dollar we spend. Our earnings growth in the near-term continues to be driven by the combination of rate base growth and operating efficiencies that we believe maximizes value for both customers and shareowners. Moving to Slide 16. Today, we announced an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.2575 per share. This results in an annualized dividend of $1.03 per share compared to our prior annualized dividend of $0.96 per share. The 7.3% increase aligns with our projected 2024 forecasted earnings growth and long-term EPS growth targets. We continue to expect future dividend growth to align with our earnings growth targets. The updated dividend remains within our targeted dividend payout range of 60% to 65% based on the midpoint of our 2024 earnings forecast. The combination of PPL's EPS growth and dividend yields provides investors with an attractive total return proposition in the range of 9% to 12%. Moving to an update on PPL's credit and our financing plan for 2024 on Slide 17. We continue to believe that having one of the sector's strongest balance sheets is a clear strategic advantage that provides the company with significant financial flexibility. Our updated business plan maintains strong credit metrics throughout. This includes maintaining a 16% to 18% FFO-to-debt ratio and a holding company to total debt ratio below 25%. We have limited near-term refinancing risk with zero maturities in 2024 and only $550 million of total maturities in 2025. And we continue to maintain limited floating rate debt exposure, mitigating volatility in our plan. We also continue to be uniquely positioned to continue to fund our growth without the need for equity throughout our updated planning period, which is now extended through 2027. As investors think about our financing plan for 2024, they should expect our activity to be primarily focused on funding our utility capital plans with operating company debt. We've already executed a portion of this plan with our $650 million PPL Electric Utilities deal in January, which was executed at attractive pricing. We're also planning to be in the market for Rhode Island with our first debt offering since the acquisition. We have no current plans for debt issuances in Kentucky or a PPO capital funding this year, but that is an area we'll continue to evaluate opportunistically in connection with market conditions and our strong financial position. In closing, I'm extremely pleased with our financial position and outlook to execute our updated plan. This concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. As I mentioned earlier, this is a pivotal time for our industry, a time that requires us to lead with strength. There is no shortage of challenges facing our industry and being able to deliver the clean energy transition safely, reliably, and affordably for our customers. This is what gets me out of bed every morning and why I'm so excited to be a part of this industry at this moment in time. I'm convinced we have the right strategy for the right time, a strategy that prioritizes efficiency and affordability built on our core strength and will maximize long-term value for customers and shareowners alike. We are well-positioned to continue our competitive and predictable long-term earnings growth of 6% to 8% a year. We've established a derisked and disciplined business plan that advances a safe, reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy future while providing investors with an attractive return proposition. And finally, we have an experienced leadership team that is 100% committed to delivering on these objectives and backed by a dedicated team of 6,500 strong across PPL. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys.
Vince Sorgi: Morning Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning Vince. So, just on the transmission side, I see you've added a couple of hundred million to the Pennsylvania plan. How much of that is tied to the recent RTEP Window 3 awards? The reason why I'm asking is we've seen some significant increases in transmission needs and transfer capability across utilities in Eastern PJM and EMAC. So, just trying to get a sense for what has started to trickle into your plan versus incremental? Thanks.
Joe Bergstein: Hey Shar, it's Joe. About half of that increase is driven by what you're describing and what we were awarded in that recent PJM window.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then just coming back to the Kentucky spend, the CPCN process, obviously, had deferred, but not quite closed the door to the second CCGT. Is that something like you could revisit and could the spend start to land in the outer years of the latest plan? Just kind of trying to get a sense for the next incremental focus. Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. To your point, Shar, the order suggested that we should come back with another CPCN filing with an in-service date for that second CCGT in 2030. And so we would plan on doing that in a couple of years' time to start to prepare for that and obviously, we'll be updating that as we go through the IRP process this year looking at load and generation economics and all that. So, the first point is really the updated IRP that we'll file this year and then ultimately, that will feed into a CPCN filing to be -- to have a plant in service in 2030.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. That’s all the questions I had. Congrats on the execution, it's pretty notable. Appreciate it.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks Shar. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Morning Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey good morning Vince. Good morning. I just had a question on Pennsylvania. Maybe just can you elaborate on what you plan to do or any color you can share on the district itself? The reason why I ask is the -- your peer water utility in the state, their rate case is drawing a lot of attention, there are new commissioners at the commission. So, just maybe just talk to the regulatory environment in the state. And then what -- if you could share any color on what you might try to do with amending the DSIC mechanism, that would be great? Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So, maybe a precursor to the DSIC waiver is really the LTIP process that we have in the state, Durgesh. In mid-January, we filed a petition with the commission to modify our LTIP, which covers the period. That's the long-term infrastructure improvement plan that covers the period from January 1, 2023 to 12/31/27. So, we're already a year into this current LTIP plan. We did file for some significant adjustments to that plan, which the LTIP is really the precursor for the types of projects that would then be eligible to flow through the DSIC mechanism. We're proposing to increase that LTIP plan from about $500 million to about $800 million. We're including a new project or a new program for predictive failure technology. We've been doing a lot of testing on some new devices that we can put on the grid that actually enable us to identify failing equipment before it actually fails and causes an outage. So, we have some money in there that we want to include. We're also looking at just other distribution reliability projects. Our reliability very strong in Pennsylvania being led by our transmission results there. We need to continue to improve our distribution reliability, so additional money in there for that. And then, of course, we have the approved projects through the IIJA process that we also updated the LTIP 4. So, the parties have 30 days to file comments on our LTIP filing. And those comments are actually due today. So, we'll want to review those comments before we file for the DSIC waiver request. We have notified the PUC of our intention to file that waiver request. And we'd expect to file that relatively soon, Durgesh. At this point, the request what we're still working on, it will likely be in the form of the higher cap on the DSIC.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. I appreciate that color and congrats on the quarter guys. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks Durgesh.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Morning Angie.
Angie Storozynski: Good morning. So, I -- it's a bit of an unfair question, I admit. So, we're waiting to see this potential large data center to be developed next to or -- directly next to the Susquehanna nuclear plant, which is obviously, your service territory and your former asset. So, I'm just wondering, so if that were to happen, if we were to have this almost 1,000 megawatts data center, what type of investments would that require from you guys from like a T&D perspective? And is it already embedded in your plan?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, let me talk about maybe data centers more broadly. You're referring to one that's specifically related or will be tied to the Susquehanna nuclear plant. So, most of that activity is really between Talen and the data center entity, although we are working with Talen to ensure that the reliability of power supply is there for that center. So, some incremental work there, Angie. What I would say, though, more broadly, beyond that specific instances, we've really started to see some data center activity, both in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, with some very large load requirements, again, 1-gig size projects, some smaller than that, but we are seeing some 1-gig projects as well. And in our territories, we have some -- a number of positive attributes that these data centers are looking for. Not only is our reliability very strong in the top quartile, top decile range, especially in our transmission side of the business, which is where these generally are pulling their power from our reliability there is extremely high. We also have relatively inexpensive land and an abundance of that land in both of our jurisdictions in PA and Kentucky. And then in Pennsylvania, in particular, we have a decent amount of capacity on the transmission network that we could add this load without a lot of investment that still is incredibly beneficial for our customers because that will still lower the overall cost and bill for our retail customers, the more and more load that we can connect to the transmission network. And then, of course, we're close to New England and the Mid-Atlantic region, especially as you think about Pennsylvania. So, there's a number of things in our territories that make this attractive. And of course, in Kentucky, we have relatively cheap power prices. So, very active in working with the data center companies. We haven't included these in our load forecast at this point. We will do that at the appropriate time if and when we close these deals with these folks. But I would just say at this point, a lot of activity going on with the data centers as you're hearing with some of our peers as well.
Angie Storozynski: And can I ask about Kentucky. So, you mentioned that the grid is getting tighter from the power supply perspective. I mean, one, does it make you sort of reassess your plans about retirements of coal plants and/or additions of new gas plants in the state? And also, how do those data center providers actually look at thermal power from gas and coal versus, I don't know, nuclear or renewables? Does that matter? Do they really care about the carbon footprint or emissions? Or is it mostly the total cost and how cheap the power is?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, for the most part, what we're seeing, Angie, is reliability and reliability of power. I think you're right, there are some data center companies that also want to ensure that, that power is coming from green energy sources like what we're seeing up in Susquehanna, as you mentioned earlier. But for the most part, it's about reliability and the cost of that power because, obviously, these are huge costs for these data centers is the cost of the electricity itself. So, to your point, we don't have as much capacity in Kentucky as we do up here in Pennsylvania. And so we would expect there to be incremental investment needed to support data centers in Kentucky perhaps more so than we would need at least in the near-term in Pennsylvania. Certainly, this will feed into, as I was mentioning before, into our IRP process as we look at our load growth as we think about our generation replacement strategy, a little too early I would say, to say we need to modify our current thinking on that. But clearly, if some of these large centers hit, we're going to have to factor that into the IRP and then ultimately into that CPCN request a couple of years from now.
Angie Storozynski: Awesome. Thank you. Congrats.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi good morning team.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning. Hey Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: First one on the O&M target and please correct me if I'm wrong. It looks like you reaffirmed them all, but exceeded the 2023 target by around like $20 million. Just what would -- I know the targets are at least, what would you need to see to kind of increase those targets? And what kind of drove that initial outperformance versus target?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, sure. Hey Paul, it's Joe. So, first focusing on what drove the outperformance in 2023. As we noted, we achieved $75 million in savings compared to the $50 million to $60 million target that we had coming into the year. It was really driven by acceleration of some of the initiatives from 2024. When we started the TMO process, we have initiative owners for all these projects that will deliver these savings and we've set milestones and KPIs for all of them. And so what we saw bringing that rigor to the process has actually allowed us to accelerate in some areas, which gives us confidence in achieving the $120 million to $130 million next year and the $175 million overall. As we talked about -- as Vince talked about in his remarks, focused on the Utility of the Future and ensuring affordability for customers is key. And so from that perspective, we'll continue to look to get more efficient as we go through the plan. But where we are today is we're still holding that $175 million -- at least $175 million as we said. What I can say is the growth that we're talking about here and extending that into 2027 doesn't rely on further efficiencies. So, to the extent that we're successful in identifying more of that would be upside to the current plan.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, great. Very clear. And then on the rate case timing strategy, I know Vince listed a bunch of factors. But one of them wasn't about how rate cases go for peers. Just curious how important is that as you think through the process, how the -- especially in Pennsylvania, just given a lot of the rate cases as Durgesh was mentioning, how important is that to kind of assess your own plan?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Well, clearly, because we have no rate cases in 2024 across the board, we're able to assess the regulatory environment and the outcomes that our peers are getting. As we know, not every company gets the same outcome even under the same jurisdiction, so it wouldn't totally impact our decision. But clearly, it's something we will keep an eye on and feed into our decision-making. And again, the fact that we don't have anything for the -- certainly the rest of this year and likely the first one will be down in Kentucky sometime in 2025. I feel pretty good about our timing that we have in the plan right now.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, great. Thanks and nicely done last year.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey good morning guys. Congrats on a good quarter. Just a couple of quick ones. One up to follow-up from Angie's question. What's this load growth forecast you're assuming for 2024?
Joe Bergstein: Hey Anthony, it's Joe. We're assuming 50 basis points load growth throughout our planning horizon.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then if I could jump on Durgesh's question, in Pennsylvania, you're filing the DSIC, and I think you're looking to raise the cap you talked about it. Just curious -- again, I'm not saying that it's -- I'm here to say it doesn't get approved. But if you don't get approval, does that increase the frequency of the rate filing, or you believe you have other offsets that you could still stay out in Pennsylvania a little longer?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, it's the latter, Anthony. We have some modest value in the plan coming from the DSIC filing. I think the real benefit is it would enable us to stay out longer in Pennsylvania and make the investments that we had talked about. But yes, to your point, if for some reason that, that request does not get approved, we're comfortable we can manage that and still maintain the growth targets that we've talked about.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just lastly on Slide 17. I appreciate the detail on the -- you don't have any near-term financing. Just in 2026, you see the capital funding, you also have the Electric Utility funding there. On those maturities, do you think you'll retire those vehicles -- those financing vehicles? Do you think you just roll over that? I'm just curious on what your plan is on those financing vehicles?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, Anthony, we'll have to assess that as we get closer. Obviously, where interest rates are will play a big role in what we do there. So, I think it's a little early to tell on how we'll treat those. Our assumption is that we refi them.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much Vince. Talk to you guys soon.
Vince Sorgi: Take care Anthony. Go Rangers.
Operator: The next question comes from David Paz with Wolfe. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Hey David. Good morning.
David Paz: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Joe Bergstein: Yes.
David Paz: Okay, great. Thank you. Just actually following up on the previous question. FFO-to-debt, in particular, where are you in that 16% to 18% currently? And where kind of -- how does that -- what's the profile of that over the course of your plan?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, I would just say we're comfortably in that 16% to 18% range. We -- in the early part of the plan, we continue to have integration cost for Rhode Island that obviously are -- impact the credit metric and those roll away. And then you see the CapEx increase later in the plan. So, we feel really good about where we are within that range and kind of operate comfortably around the midpoint.
David Paz: Perfect. Thank you. And then just -- I don't know if you touched on this, but what are your opportunities -- or what opportunities do you see from the pending offshore wind solicitations? More transmission? What do you have in your plan, if anything? Just any color you can provide, that would be great.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So, a couple of opportunities there. Obviously, we have the RFP that we've issued in Rhode Island. We are not the owners of that, but we would be the offtaker of that generation. And so to your point, we have -- we do have in the plan the transmission required to the enhancements to transmission grid to handle that offshore wind load. We have talked in the past about our joint venture with wind grid to potentially provide wet transmission solutions more broadly up in Rhode Island or New England that we would partner with them on where we would not own the turbine -- the wind turbine generation, but we would build out a mesh network of sorts to lower the overall cost of the transmission build-out as we think about upwards of 30 gigs of offshore wind over the next, say, decade being built out there. That opportunity will highly depend on where the US Treasury ultimately comes out on their implementation provisions for the IRA. So, we are monitoring those regulations very closely. The initial regs that came out from the treasury, we think were in error in proposing that the regulations would limit the eligibility of the ITC credit for that wet transmission only if that transmission is owned by the same taxpayer that owns the wind turbines themselves. That limitation, if the final rules come out that way, would unnecessarily raise the cost of the offshore wind industry, which we know is quite challenged. And so we continue to engage with the administration and other policymakers to try to improve that final regulation and expand it to all taxpayers, not just ones that own the turbines and to try to bring the overall cost of offshore wind down so that we can get this very important clean energy source kind of up and running in the US. But I can't give you any assurance in terms of what that final rule is going to say. I can say we don't have any of that upside potential in our business plan. It's not in our growth projections at all at this point. I would say, kind of hinges on this. And then the states really coming together up there and partnering on this broader solution, which we believe will certainly bring the cost of offshore wind down.
David Paz: Great. Thank you so much for all the color.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Just want to say thanks for joining us. Again, strong end to 2023, really looking forward to 2024 and beyond. I've spent quite a bit of time talking about the Utility of the Future strategy. We do think that's an area that differentiates us from our peers as well as the strength of our balance sheet and our overall dividend policy where we're growing the dividend in line with earnings. So, just appreciate everybody for calling us and -- for joining us and look forward to providing updates as we go through the year. Thanks so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Andy Ludwig: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation conference call on third quarter 2023 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. Begin today's call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer and conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
 Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements.
 We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures including earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. I'll now turn the call over to Vince. 
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter investor update. Let's start with an overview of our financial results on Slide 4. Today, we announced third quarter reported earnings of $0.31 per share. Adjusting for special items, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.43 per share compared with $0.41 per share a year ago. These results position us well to deliver our 2023 earnings guidance, despite the significant impact of mild weather and storms in the first half of the year.
 As Joe will cover in his financial review, we've been successful in overcoming these headwinds through effective regulatory mechanisms, our continued focus on operating efficiently and outperformance in several other areas. The team has done an outstanding job in keeping us on track to deliver our 2023 financial objectives, while providing energy safely and reliably to our customers. As a result of our progress through Q3, we have narrowed our 2023 ongoing earnings forecast range to $1.55 to $1.60 per share, with the midpoint of $1.58 per share unchanged.
 As we look to close out the year in a strong fashion, we also remain on track to invest nearly $2.5 billion to modernize the grid, strengthen grid resiliency and advance a cleaner energy mix. In addition, we're on pace to achieve our targeted $50 million to $60 million in O&M efficiencies this year. Looking forward, we've reaffirmed our projected earnings per share and dividend growth rates of 6% to 8% through at least 2026 as we remain confident in our low-risk business plan. This growth is supported by our $12 billion capital investment plan and targeted O&M savings of at least $175 million by 2026 to advance a reliable, resilient, affordable and cleaner energy future.
 We expect to fund this growth without the need for equity issuances through at least 2026, while maintaining superior credit metrics and one of the strongest balance sheets in our sector. Turning to Slide 5 and some operational highlights. We continue to deliver top quartile reliability and advanced industry-leading grid innovation that drives efficiency and improve service to our customers as we execute our utility in the future strategy. In support of this work, the Department of Energy has selected PPL Electric Utilities and Rhode Island Energy to receive a combined $100 million in federal funding for planned smart grid projects in our service territories.
 The projects that were selected by the DOE were generally included in our current capital plan. However, these grants will certainly help to support affordability for our customers, which we remain keenly focused on. Our Pennsylvania project will extend PPL Electric self-healing smart grid already one of the most sophisticated energy networks in the nation to further enhance great reliability and resiliency. Meanwhile, our Rhode Island project will accelerate Rhode Island Energy's investment in great resilience and smart grid capabilities to support the state's leading clean energy goals. The process to receive this funding through the IIJA was highly competitive. PPL was one of only a few companies to be selected for multiple awards in this initial round of funding.
 As we focus on creating the utilities of the future that are agile, innovative and technology enabled, we continue to be recognized for our leadership in the smart grid space. During the third quarter, PPL Electric Utilities received 2 additional awards for innovative, industry-leading work that has helped improve the safety, reliability and affordability of electricity delivered to our more than 1.5 million customers in Pennsylvania. Moving to Rhode Island. We remain focused on supporting Rhode Island's clean energy goals and bringing more affordable offshore wind opportunities to the state. On October 13, we issued an RFP to procure 1,200 megawatts of offshore wind to help power the state's energy needs.
 The RFP was the state's largest ever renewable energy solicitation and was issued just a week after Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island signed a memorandum of understanding, paving the way for a potential multistate selection of offshore wind opportunities. Each state is conducting procurements in a similar time frame and we're hopeful that our larger procurement, a streamlined application process, flexibility on contract durations and the potential for multistate coordination will provide better economies of scale for developers, and reasonable pricing options for our customers. Bids are due by January 31, with any resulting selection expected next summer. 
 Many PPAs agreed to by Rhode Island Energy would be subject to review and approval by the Rhode Island Public Utilities Commission. Lastly, on this slide, LG&E began contract negotiations a few weeks ago for a labor contract that expires on November 10. The contract covers more than 600 of our employees in Kentucky. For decades, we have successfully worked together with our unions in Kentucky to reach agreement, and we're optimistic we can continue that success. We look forward to continued progress over the coming days and weeks to achieve an outcome that balances the needs of our employees and our customers. And importantly, the company has completed its preparedness plan to ensure we can continue to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers should negotiations break down.
 Moving to Slide 6 for a couple of key regulatory updates. We remain focused on advancing our generation investment plan as we seek to replace up to 1,500 megawatts of aging coal generation with an affordable, reliable and cleaner energy mix by 2028. We continue to believe that our plan represents the best path forward for our Kentucky customers. As proposed, it would replace several 1970s era coal units with over 1,200 megawatts of new combined cycle natural gas generation, nearly 1,000 megawatts of solar generation and 125 megawatts of battery storage. In addition, it would establish more than a dozen new energy efficiency programs. The Kentucky Public Service Commission conducted public hearings in August, followed by post-year increase in September. The hearings as well as the intervenor briefs have largely been as expected. And looking forward, we continue to expect a decision from the commission by November 6.
 Shifting to Rhode Island. In late September, we received regulatory approval to deploy advanced metering functionality statewide as we lay the foundation for a smarter, more resilient, reliable and dynamic grid that supports the state's leading climate goals. As part of its unanimous decision, the Rhode Island Public Utilities Commission authorized capital investments of up to $153 million for this initiative. We're pleased with the outcome of the commission's decision for this important project. Advanced metering functionality, which we've deployed in Pennsylvania and are currently deploying in Kentucky is a key step in modernizing our energy networks.
 And as we've seen in our other service territories, it delivers significant benefits for our customers. We expect to begin installing the digital meters in late 2024 and to complete the deployment over the next 3 years, capitalizing on our experience in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky. These investments will also be largely recoverable through the annual ISR process in Rhode Island. That concludes my operational update. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. 
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 8. PPL's third quarter GAAP earnings were $0.31 per share compared to $0.24 per share in Q3 2022. We recorded special items of $0.12 per share during the third quarter, primarily due to the integration and related expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy. Adjusting for these special items, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.43 per share, an improvement of $0.02 per share compared to Q3 2022. 
 The primary drivers of the $0.02 per share increase were favorable transmission and disc rider revenues in Pennsylvania and lower O&M in Kentucky partially offset by higher interest expense due to increased borrowings. While weather was a significant factor in our earnings for the first half of the year, for the third quarter, weather did not materially impact our financial results versus our expectations. 
 Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the quarter on Slide 9. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results increased by $0.02 per share year-over-year. Results were primarily driven by higher transmission revenue and higher distribution rider recovery, partially offset by higher interest expense and higher O&M expense related to IT amortization costs. Our Kentucky segment results increased by $0.02 per share year-over-year. Results were primarily driven by lower O&M expense, partially offset by higher interest expense. Our Rhode Island segment results decreased by $0.01 per share compared to 3Q 2022, primarily driven by higher O&M expense as we had fewer open positions this year than we did in the third quarter of 2022 when we were in the early stages of staffing up our teams.
 Finally, results in Corporate and Other decreased $0.01 per share compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher interest expense. Moving to Slide 10. Our Q3 performance puts PPL's ongoing earnings at $1.20 per share for the first 9 months of 2023 or a 6% increase compared to the same period last year. As Vince noted, our teams have done a fantastic job of executing our plan and have positioned us well to offset the significantly unfavorable weather and storm impacts we experienced in the first half of the year to deliver the midpoint of our earnings forecast. And as outlined on our second quarter call, we expected to achieve this objective through several areas, which are being reflected in our year-to-date results.
 In Pennsylvania, the disc mechanism has already more than offset the sales volume and storm cost implications in this segment. Our Rhode Island integration continues to go well, and we've already achieved our targeted ongoing earnings forecast for the year, setting us up to achieve the $0.01 to $0.02 per share of outperformance that we discussed on the Q2 call. And finally, the team continues to focus on operating the business efficiently, and we expect to achieve at least our targeted O&M savings of $50 million to $60 million this year.
 We remain very confident in achieving our 2023 earnings forecast due to this excellent year-to-date performance and expect to build on our track record of achieving our financial targets. As a result, we have tightened our forecast range with just a few months remaining in the year and a clear path to deliver on our objectives. Moving to Slide 11, recognizing the current macroeconomic environment of higher interest rates, I want to emphasize our strong credit position, one that places PPL among the best in our sector. This is a clear strategic advantage that provides the company with significant financial flexibility, and we continue to project strong credit metrics throughout our planning period despite the rising cost of new debt.
 This includes maintaining a 16% to 18% FFO-to-debt ratio and HoldCo to total debt ratio below 25%. During 2023, we've taken proactive steps to mitigate the impact of rising interest rates. This includes the financing activity that we completed during the first quarter which significantly reduced our floating rate exposure to less than 5% of our total debt portfolio. Looking forward, we have limited near-term refinancing risk through 2025 and with 0 holding company maturities and just over $600 million of total utility maturities through that time frame. In fact, we have less than $2 billion or just 13% of our total debt portfolio maturing through 2027.
 Finally, we also continue to be uniquely positioned to continue to fund our growth without requiring equity for the foreseeable future while maintaining excellent credit metrics. I'm extremely pleased with our position and outlook to execute our plan in this macro environment. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Vince. 
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In closing, I'm proud of the work our team has done this year to keep us on track to deliver on our commitments to both customers and shareowners. As highlighted, we've narrowed our ongoing earnings forecast achieved significant success in offsetting this year's headwinds from mild weather and storms, and remain confident in our ability to achieve the midpoint of our earnings forecast of $1.58 per share.
 At the same time, we've continued to advance key regulatory proceedings, most recently achieving a positive outcome in our AMF filing in Rhode Island. I'm also proud of the rigorous generation replacement plan that our team developed and presented during the CPCN proceeding. A plan that is right for Kentucky. And while we believe our plan is the best plan forward for our customers, we remain confident we will be able to achieve our stated growth targets under a variety of outcomes in that case. Our integration of Rhode Island Energy continues to proceed as planned, putting us on pace to exit all remaining transition service agreements with National Grid in 2024.
 We're on track to complete more than $2.5 billion in infrastructure investments this year. And through the third quarter, we're ahead of plan in delivering $50 million to $60 million in targeted O&M savings to drive better value for customers and share owners alike. Across PPL, we continue to make progress in advancing our long-term vision to be the best utility company in the U.S. And I remain excited for our bright future that will continue to deliver for our customers and our shareholders. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Nick Campanella of Barclays. 
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, I just want to start right off the bat. Sorry if I missed it, but I know that there has been some sales volume declines this year. Obviously, higher interest rates is hurting everyone. To your point, no major maturities in '24, which is great across the business. But can you just confirm, as you kind of wrap this all together that you can continue to kind of grow the business from an EPS perspective linearly, '24 and '25? And how we should kind of think about that? 
Joe Bergstein: Yes. Hey Nick, it's Joe. Thanks for the question. Yes, we expect linear growth through our plan period, as we've talked about before. Obviously, there's market forces at place, as you mentioned, but we think that they're manageable and can deliver that linear growth. 
Nicholas Campanella: That's helpful. And then I know that on the current plan today, there's no rate cases and you'll be staying out. But can you just help us understand what would force you to file if you had to in the next few years? Is it more dependent on current regulatory proposals in front of you in Rhode Island and Kentucky and how those go? Or is it more dictated by the size of the capital plan and ROEs? 
Joe Bergstein: Yes, sure. Well, you're right. In our current plan, we just have one rate case in Rhode Island in the back half of 2026. There's obviously a lot of factors that go into determining rate case timing, including -- and you named a few of them, capital plans, interest rates, regulatory lag on capital that doesn't run through some sort of mechanism and many, many more. We're going through our business planning process now, Nick, and we assess all of those factors as we do so. We'll provide views on what we think about rate case and potential timing when we give an update on our year-end call. 
Nicholas Campanella: All right. Thanks a lot. We'll see you in Arizona. 
Joe Bergstein: Yes. Great. 
Operator: The next question comes from David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley. 
David Arcaro: Let's see. With the CPCN, I was wondering, we've seen inflation across supply chains fairly broadly and a lot of components. Wondering if costs have risen for the solar that you're requesting and for the CCGTs that you've got in the plan in front of Kentucky since your initial filing. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, David, we have seen cost increases for the replacement generation plan. We updated all of that in our testimony for the commission. So they have the latest CapEx estimates for our plan. Those are confidential, so I can't disclose here at this time how much those went up. But even with those higher costs, where our analysis is showing that our proposed generation replacement plan is still significantly NPV positive and is, again, the best option that we're showing for customers. So the commission has all of that in the record as they're looking at it. 
David Arcaro: Yes, makes sense. So it's still economic, and I presume, so a higher CapEx essentially for kind of the full plan that's in front of the commission now. 
Vincent Sorgi: That's correct. If the whole plan is approved, it would be incremental to what we have, yes. 
David Arcaro: Yes. Okay. Yes. And then as you look forward toward rolling the capital plan forward a year, should we expect equity to be incorporated into the financing strategy? Or is there still balance sheet headroom as you look out to add more CapEx and rate base growth? 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, Joe, do you want to talk about that? 
Joe Bergstein: Yes, sure. So as I talked about in my prepared remarks, Dave, the balance sheet is strong, and we expect to operate in that 16% to 18% FFO or CFO to debt range that we've been talking about. Clearly, we can finance the current capital plan without any need for equity even in today's market. We'll see as we roll the plan forward what that looks like. 
 Clearly, we have needs for capital investment beyond what's in our plan and how that comes into view. But I feel really good about where our balance sheet is. The strength of the balance sheet and able to maintain our current credit ratings without the need for equity. 
Operator: Next question comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza: So Vince, I know you mentioned that the O&M savings year-to-date is tracking ahead of the original forecast. It obviously was a key point of the talking points. I guess maybe taking that a step further, can you speak to how you're tracking for the total $175 million by '26. Is there room to exceed now that you've gone further into it? 
Vincent Sorgi: Well, overall, Shar, we're tracking very well against the $175 million. So obviously, we have that layered in '24, '25, '26. Joe, I'll let you cover a little more detail on kind of the outperformance for '23. Of course, when we're looking at the additional storm costs and weather, those are anomalistic. And so some of the areas that we targeted to help offset that are things like open positions looking at our maintenance schedules, et cetera. So some of those things will not be permanent, Shar, but we're tracking very well on the $50 million to $60 million, which obviously are permanent on our way to the $175 million. 
Joe Bergstein: Yes, got it. I would just add that we -- as we talked about, we're on track to achieve at least the $50 million to $60 million of efficiencies this year, which gives us confidence in our ability to achieve the $175 million. We have a robust pipeline of initiatives that we're working on. So the team has clearly been extremely focused on delivering on the initiatives that we've established, which is why we're tracking ahead. So we feel really good about where we are today and our ability to hit that $175 million. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then Vince, I know -- just to maybe reiterate our conversation from the prior call. I mean at this point, are you prepared to be flexible in your plans, depending on how the Kentucky PSC ultimately rules on the CPCN next week? Is that something, I guess, you will be prepared to talk about right after that at EEI? Or you have to wait for the 4Q update? 
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So from a communications perspective, Shar, in a very timely fashion, we'll respond to the decision coming out, what we expect would be next Monday. So you'll hear from us shortly after that. Of course, we'll see many of you all investors and analysts at the EEI Conference the week after that. So likely, I'll be able to get into more detail there. And then we'll do the full business plan update incorporating all of this plus all the other business plan refreshes at our normal cadence of the year-end call.
 As we think about the various outcomes of the CPCN, we've talked about this before. Based on all of the testimonials that's been filed, I don't see the outcome being an all or nothing situation regarding the coal plant retirements. But as we just think about the generation portfolio, I've talked about in the past that the CapEx that would be needed to run those plants safely and reliably if we do not retire them would be in that $500 million to $1.5 billion range, really depending on where we end up on the ELG regulations. The source of that is we have to put the maintenance capital for the 4 coal units back in. That would be a couple of hundred million dollars.
 We have a few SCRs that would have to go on some of the plants. So that's in the $300 million, $400 million range. There's some ancillary environmental upgrades that would also need to be done to keep these plants in compliance. That's about another $100 million. And then the ELG regs, as I said, can be quite a significant amount of investment. But on the low end of the range, we think the estimate there is likely around $150 million. Also just talked about the CCGTs. And if we were to get one and not both, right, there is some incremental CapEx there as the prices have gone up from what we had originally had in our plan.
 Beyond the generation portfolio, though, we continue to see the need for significant grid-enhancing investments in T&D, particularly transmission and especially in Kentucky. As we've talked about in the past, the large generation investments that we've been making in Kentucky have really resulted in less T&D investment there. However, the need there is great. And so we really need to start making those T&D investments, primarily transmission as soon as we can. So once we have the decision from the commission, we can factor all of these things into ultimately what the capital plan will look like as we update it.
 But we feel very confident that the investment needs are there, Shar. We can finance them with the balance sheet that we have that Joe talked about, not only finance them, but finance them without equity. And so it's why we're confident that we should be able to deliver our growth targets really under various scenarios that we might see next week. 
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Seaport. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: So I only have 1 question about the fraudulent conveyance lawsuit from Talen. It's -- you guys have tried to have a dismiss. It goes back to 2014. We're talking about potentially very large amounts. And I just wonder if you have any comment. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, Angie, no real update since our last call. As you know, the trial date has been set for February of next year. We're looking forward to that trial. As we said all along, we fully believe the distribution of those proceeds were in compliance with all applicable laws, and we stand ready to vigorously defend that position. So nothing really, really new. It being in bankruptcy court, not surprising that some of our motions were not accepted. So not surprising there, but still feel very confident in our case.. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo of Bank of America. 
Paul Zimbardo: Just to follow up a little bit on the transmission opportunity side. I know you addressed Kentucky pretty well, but what about the Eastern side, the PJM footprint? Like I think there was like a $145 million award. And just holistically, if you could talk about some of the opportunities from Pennsylvania, PJM broadly transmission. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. We'll continue to see opportunity for transmission investments in and throughout PJM to your point, that's an area that we think there's additional opportunity in PPL Electric Utilities, not only supporting within our territory, but also some of the solicitations that are happening to support constraints that are outside of our territory. And as you know, we're active in pursuing those. And so we'll continue to do that. To your point, I think there's additional opportunity beyond what's in the plan. 
 We'll provide more color around that as we provide our fulsome capital updates and update the plan. But to your point, I definitely see transmission, not just in Kentucky as a real need, but also in Pennsylvania and even Rhode Island. 
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. And then another one, probably fairly obvious, but I just want to check the box there. On the long-term emphasis on long-term refinancing for cap funding, like you're assuming kind of a market interest rate on those maturities with the CAGR purposes? 
Joe Bergstein: We are, yes. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell of Mizuho, please go ahead. 
Anthony Crowdell: Just one quick one. You talked about the RFP for offshore wind in Rhode Island. Just curious how committed the state is to offshore wind, as you've noticed some other states, particularly New York seems to be bulking at the higher power prices. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Look, I think New England in general, Anthony, is committed right -- their strategy is heavily relying on offshore wind for their clean energy future. We're committed to helping certainly Rhode Island helped to achieve those goals. I think what you saw in New York was as much procedural as it is pricing, where I think the states have concerns just modifying existing PPAs without reopening those up for bid because you may get better pricing if you reopen them. So I think it's more process driven than it is just the price. 
 Having said that, we rejected our original RFP due to price and other factors. So this latest RFP that we issued, we included an upsized RFP to 1,200 megawatts, which is a more efficient generation size for the developers versus the 800 plus that we had originally went out for -- we're allowing for a longer PPA term beyond 20 years. And then there's the possibility of a multistate solution with Massachusetts and Connecticut, as I talked about in my remarks. So hopefully, those things will be enough for the developers to bring the prices down for our customers. And at a level that both we and the state will be able to accept. So we'll see. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Levine of Citi. 
Ryan Levine: Quick question. In terms of the 2.3% industrial load decline in Kentucky for the quarter on a weather-normalized basis, what was the driver of that? And what's your longer-term outlook for industrial growth in Kentucky ahead of the CPCN decision next Monday? 
Joe Bergstein: Yes. Ryan, it's Joe. Yes. The -- what you're talking about in Kentucky is that variance is really driven by one large steel manufacturer that's experiencing usage normalization after they saw a large spike during COVID. So they're just normalizing back to where they had been prior to that. And you're seeing that in the year-to-date or the quarterly variances. As we think about longer term for Kentucky, there's been -- and we've talked about it a number of times, significant economic development over the last 2 years or more really 2021 and 2022 at $10 billion of economic development each year.
 The state is expecting another $8 billion this year. It's not all in our service territory, but we're seeing a good portion of it coming to our service territory. So longer-term outlook remains positive for low growth in Kentucky. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. And Ryan, generally, the industrial class, especially in Kentucky, the margins are not as affected by kilowatt hours as they're predominantly driven on demand and fixed charges. So as Joe said, that was pretty much one customer driving that, but very little impact on margin. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks. 
Vincent Sorgi: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. As I said, you'll hear from us next week following the decision from the KPSC on the CPCN and then look forward to seeing you all at EEI the following week. So thanks again for joining us. 
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation conference call on second quarter 2023 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. We’ll begin today’s call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. And we’ll conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I’ll draw your attention to Slide 2 in a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL’s SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures including earnings from ongoing operations on this call. For reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. I’ll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter investor update. Let’s start with our financial results and a few highlights from the quarter on Slide 4. Today, we announced second quarter reported earnings of $0.15 per share. Adjusting for special items, second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.29 per share compared with $0.30 per share a year ago. Overall, second quarter results were in line with our expectations apart from the continued mild weather and storm activity in Kentucky and Pennsylvania, as this has been one of the most active storm years we’ve ever experienced. Between the mild weather and storm O&M, our year-to-date results were negatively impacted by about $0.09 per share compared to our original plan. But despite these impacts, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our 2023 ongoing earnings forecast of $1.50 to $1.65 per share with a midpoint of $1.58 per share. We have identified several areas in which we can offset the headwinds from weather and storms, and Joe will cover that in detail in his financial review. As you know, one area we remain extremely focused on is O&M, and we are on track to achieve the $50 million to $60 million targeted reductions this year. And despite the incremental storm expenses, we are tracking slightly ahead of our O&M forecast through June. We expect that trend to continue and improve through the second half of the year. In addition, today, we reaffirmed our projected earnings per share and dividend growth rate of 6% to 8% through at least 2026, as we remain confident in our low-risk business plan. This will be supported by our $12 billion capital investment plan and targeted O&M savings of at least $175 million by 2026 to advance a reliable, resilient, affordable and clean energy future. Turning to a few second quarter operational highlights. We continue to deliver excellent reliability for our customers across our jurisdiction, again, despite the increased storm activity in both Kentucky and Pennsylvania. This is a direct result of our ongoing investments, not only in system hardening that prevents outages, but also smart grid technology and automation that enables us to respond more quickly when outages do occur. On the integration of Rhode Island Energy, we remain well positioned to complete our transition services with National Grid next year. We also continue to make progress on an important filing before the Rhode Island Public Utilities Commission, as we seek to deploy advanced metering functionality across our service territory and build a smarter grid that supports the state’s leading climate goals. Hearings before the Rhode Island PUC were held in late July to review our business case and cost recovery proposals. We expect a decision on our AMF filing later this fall. We also remain on track with the Kentucky CPCN process, which I’ll cover in more detail on the next slide. Finally, we continue to receive awards for our industry-leading approach in grid innovation as both the Edison Electric Institute and the Southeastern Electric Exchange recognized PPL Electric Utilities for its groundbreaking use of dynamic line rating technology. PPL Electric is the first utility in the nation to integrate this technology with its transmission management system. DLR sensors provide real-time information that enables us to better utilize our existing transmission line capacity and reduce gestion on the grid. FERC has also recognized the value that this technology can bring to the industry and better managing congestion on the transmission network. Turning to Slide 5 and an update on the CPCN process in Kentucky. We remain focused on advancing our generation investment plan as we seek to replace 1,500 megawatt of aging coal generation with an affordable, reliable and cleaner energy mix by 2028. We remain confident our plan represents the best path forward for our Kentucky customers. As proposed, it would replace several 1970s era coal units with over 1,200 megawatts of new combined cycle natural gas generation, nearly 1,000 megawatts of solar generation and 125 megawatts of battery storage. In addition, it would establish more than a dozen new energy efficiency programs. In May, the Kentucky Public Service Commission approved our request to consolidate the CPCN filing and our generation retirement request as required by Senate Bill 4. The commission approved the consolidation while keeping the CPCN procedural schedule largely unchanged. For the schedule, intervenor testimony was filed July 14 with no real surprises. Next up is our rebuttal testimony due August 9, followed by an info conference scheduled for August 15 to explore a potential settlement. Public hearings are then set to begin August 22 and could last several days. Again, we are very confident that the plan we’ve proposed is in our customers and the state’s best interest but we are also open to settlement discussions with the parties to the case. Ultimately, with or without a settlement, we anticipate a decision on our filings from the commission by November 6. That concludes my strategic and operational update. I’ll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let’s turn to Slide 7. As Vince mentioned, second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.29 per share compared to $0.30 per share in Q2 2022. The Primary drivers of $0.01 per share decline from last year were lower sales volumes in both Kentucky and Pennsylvania driven by mild weather and as expected in our plan higher interest expense due to increased borrowings at higher interest rates to fund our growth. Those factors were partially offset by lower O&M expense, driven by our continued focus on operating efficiency and improved earnings at the Rhode Island segment from 2 additional months of results in Q2 2023 compared to the prior year. Overall, our teams performed well for the quarter and results were slightly ahead of expectations, apart from the mild weather, which impacted results by $0.03 per share compared to our forecast. Degree days were lower by more than 20% in our Kentucky service territory and by over 35% in Pennsylvania. This resulted in lower actual electricity sales volumes of 4% in Kentucky and 8% Pennsylvania compared to normal. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the quarter on Slide 8. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results decreased by $0.01 year-over-year. Results were primarily driven by lower sales volumes and higher interest expense partially offset by higher transmission revenue and higher distribution rider recovery. Our Kentucky segment results decreased by $0.03 per share year-over-year. Results were impacted primarily by the lower sales volumes and higher interest expense, partially offset by lower O&M expense. Our Rhode Island segment results increased by $0.02 per share year-over-year, reflecting the additional 2 months of earnings this quarter. Finally, results at Corporate & Other increased $0.01 per share compared to the prior year, primarily due to lower O&M expense and other factors that were not individually significant partially offset by higher interest expense. Moving to Slide 9. Our Q2 performance puts PPL’s GAAP earnings at $0.54 per share year-to-date through June 30. Adjusting for special items recorded through the second quarter, earnings from ongoing operations totaled $0.77 per share for the first half of 2023. Mild weather has unfavorably impacted our year-to-date results by a total of about $0.08 per share compared to our plan due to lower sales volumes. In addition, we have experienced higher storm-related costs of about $0.01 per share compared to our plan so far this year due to the significant storm activity. Importantly, we’ve been able to more than offset these increased storm costs and we are tracking favorably to plan on O&M through the second quarter, and we remain confident in achieving our 2023 earnings forecast as we expect to offset the unfavorable weather and storm impacts due to the projected outperformance in several areas. First, the disc mechanism in Pennsylvania is projected to offset the lower sales volumes and higher O&M experience in that segment. Second, we are tracking favorably on our integration of Rhode Island Energy, which we expect to provide upside compared to our plan. Third, the convertible debt financing that we executed in the first quarter will reduce our annual interest expense relative to our plan. And finally, we continue to optimize our discretionary O&M. This includes contractor and consultant spend, and the timing of filling open positions and other discretionary O&M spend. In total, these identified offsets present a clear path to achieving the midpoint of our 2023 earnings forecast of $1.58 per share. We have an excellent track record of achieving our financial targets, which we expect to continue in 2023. Looking ahead and our plans to achieve at least $175 million of O&M efficiencies by 2026, we established a Transformation Management Office or TMO, to ensure we achieve our long-term efficiency objectives. The TMO, which I chair, with support from our Chief Operating Officer and our Chief Information Officer, and with the engagement from our employees across the entire company is responsible for tracking our progress on savings initiatives as well as identifying and verifying additional areas of possible savings. To date, we have identified over 100 initiatives with savings potential significantly above our $175 million target. This structure and rigorous process gives us even more confidence that we will achieve the targeted savings assumed in our long-term forecast and it will help us deliver a more affordable clean energy transition for our customers. That concludes my prepared remarks. I’ll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In closing, we remain confident in achieving our goals for 2023. While mild weather and storms have created some headwinds, we have plans in place to overcome those challenges and deliver on our commitments to share owners. We’re also on target to complete more than $2.5 billion in infrastructure improvements to provide safe, reliable and affordable energy for our customers. Our integration of Rhode Island Energy continues to go smoothly. We continue to progress our regulatory filings in both Kentucky and Rhode Island. And last but not least, we’re solidly on track to deliver our targeted O&M savings as we execute our Utility of the Future playbook, incorporate more technology and automation and centralized various functions across PPL to deliver better value for customers and share owners alike. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, guys. Pretty straightforward quarter here. I had two housekeeping questions. First, can you quantify what’s the AMI ask in Rhode Island? How much investment that is?
Vince Sorgi: We’re in the $200 million range Durgesh?
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And over what time frame?
Vince Sorgi: $250 million somewhere around there. Sorry, say that again?
Durgesh Chopra: Sorry. Thank you. Over what time frame is that $200 million to $250 million?
Vince Sorgi: Well, we need to get that approved, right? So we just went through the hearings late last month. We expect to have a decision by the commission up there in the fall of this year. And then that will kind of dictate the time frame over which we deploy that capital.
Durgesh Chopra: Would that be incremental to your current CapEx plan wins? Or do you have some...
Vince Sorgi: No, that’s in the current plan.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. And then just in terms of the offsetting the year-date headwinds and weather and storm, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks, you mentioned like integration savings. Can you elaborate on that? How brings that pie obviously, it sounds like a lot of opportunities in excess of $175 million. But maybe just like what’s the upside on the integration and Rhode Island and what might be the other opportunities?
Joe Bergstein: Yes. So the integration in Rhode Island Durgesh is going very well. Really, what we’re – have been able to do is exit TSAs quicker than we had expected and at a lower cost which is driving a lot of the outperformance we’re seeing there. We’re also mindful of the pace at which we’re hiring some of the open positions we have there. So we’re fully staffing up that operations and looking to take over completely from grid. And so those are the areas that are driving the Rhode Island integration. We would expect that to be about $0.01 to $0.02 for the year. As far as the progress on the $175 million and the establishment of the TMO, that’s going extremely well. As I noted, we have over 100 initiatives totaling more than $175 million. Really, it’s driven by significant employee engagement as we’re developing tends to implement and achieve the $175 million, the TMO also provides a forum for employees to share their ideas, areas that we could save on O&M and be more efficient across the company. So I don’t want to give a dollar amount on that yet at this point as to where we are. We – part of the process of that brings a lot of rigor to the savings, we got to vet them all to complete business cases where needed. What I can tell you is that we are confident in achieving the $175 million and potentially more than that and the development of the TMO really is even enhanced that confidence as we’re working through this.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Durgesh.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning, team. Thanks. Just to follow-up on that last question of Durgesh quickly. Is the TMO and those savings more about derisking and extending the outlook? Or is that something that could be incremental in the planning period?
Joe Bergstein: Yes. So we will have to go through all of those items. I mean, it certainly de-risk and give us confidence in the $175 million through the planning period, whether those items that are in excess of the $175 million we will have to see whether they come into this period for execution, whether they are longer-dated items. And look, there is headwinds that we have to offset as well. We still see inflation and interest rates. So we have a bank of ideas and opportunities to execute on should we see those headwinds persist or increase, and then it just gives us confidence in the near-term to achieve the $175 and the 6% to 8% earnings growth, and it gives us confidence in the longer-term to continue to execute on the strategy.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. I would reiterate that, Paul. I think it gives us both, right? Certainly, shores up the confidence in the $175 million, but likely gives us upside potential looking beyond that.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. Thank you. Very clear. And then switching topics. I noticed the weather-normalized sales volumes were decently down in the quarter and now trailing 12 months, both Pennsylvania, Kentucky. Just could you give any color on what you’re seeing on the ground and just expectations for the second half of the year?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, sure. So well, from a second half of the year, we would expect we have in our forecast normal weather. From our longer-term forecast, we continue 50 basis points of sale of the growth in our plans in total and we continue to be – believe that, that’s an achievable growth forecast. Some of the near-term impact that we’re seeing, particularly on the residential side has been due to energy conservation with the rising commodity prices. I would expect that to be a shorter-term anomaly given that we’ve seen a significant decline in commodity prices already this year and we would expect longer-term to see growth in residential usage as electric vehicles and electrification becomes more prevalent. Lower industrial sales in Kentucky have not really impacted our margins. Those customers more are demand-driven than usage. As we think about longer-term, there is a number of factors that give us confidence in our assumptions. We continue to see positive economic factors in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, including continued flow unemployment rates and strong GDP growth. As we’ve discussed in numerous times in Kentucky, we’re coming off of back-to-back record years of economic development of over $10 billion of ounce investments in each of ‘21 and ‘22. That includes the Ford EV battery plant initiative, which we’ve talked a lot about. That’s broken ground and well under construction. The state is targeting another $8 billion of investment for 2023. So when we look at the 10 years prior to this period from 2010 to 2020, there was an average of about $4 billion per year in economic development. So to see $10 billion in each of ‘21 and ‘22 and projecting $8 billion this year highlights the Kentucky is a great place to do business and continued economic development there in support of our growth assumptions. But we continue to see strong industrial growth in manufacturing and agricultural sectors as well.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. We’re not concerned with volumes at all other than the impact on weather. I would say our volume story is really weather-driven.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. Thanks for the detailed answer. Appreciate it.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Hi. Good morning.
Vince Sorgi: Hi David. Good morning.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Let’s see. I think just one here. I was curious, we are starting to see some easing of supply chain pressures in the solar industry, commodity costs coming down, module prices declining somewhat and PPA prices easing. I was just wondering if you think that could impact at all the outlook for your Kentucky, just the generation mix maybe longer term, or other opportunities to see lower PPA prices or lower costs in the current CPCN filing or if you’re thinking an analysis has evolved at all for the longer term generation mix there?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Look, I think the bigger issue in getting our solar deployed in Kentucky is citing and permitting days as opposed to necessarily the supply chain issues, although you are right, they have been an issue across the industry, and that is starting to abate. In our case, though I think it is more citing and permitting, which I think the company-owned solutions make that much easier because we can navigate that easier than third-party developers have been able to so far. So, as you know, our CPCN has a combination of company-owned and PPAs in it. We will continue to look at the executability of those PPAs and that if we continue to see issues there that could actually push us more to recommending more company-owned where we have a higher degree of confidence that we can get them built.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. That’s helpful color. I didn’t appreciate that in the backdrop there. That’s all I had. Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning guys.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. So, Vince, I just want to – starting with the Kentucky CPCN filing. I mean, obviously, thanks for the incremental color in the prepared on the timeline. As we look ahead to the prospects for settlement. You mentioned August 15th formal conference. I guess what could that look like? Is it partial, maybe the gas, but not the renewables? Just any additional color on how to think about that would be great.
Vince Sorgi: Well, look, I think you can appreciate, I don’t necessarily want to get into negotiating positions at this point on the call. But what I will say just around the process itself is we are actively engaged right now with various interveners. As you mentioned, the settlement conference is scheduled for the 15th, if that goes well, and we can get settlement on at least significant issues in the case with enough parties. Then we may be able to present a stipulation to the PSC for their consideration. As you know, the hearings are scheduled to begin on the 22nd of August. That could become a forum for the PSC to take up the settlement agreement, if we’re able to reach one. But at this point, I would say, Shar, it’s too early to tell if we will be able to reach a settlement. But if we don’t, of course, we are ready to defend the plan as filed, as we have been indicating all along. So, a little early at this point to tell if we can get there, but certainly, we are open to those discussions.
Shar Pourreza: So, let me just drill down a little bit on the defending side. In the off chance there are issues with the CPCN, right? Do you – I guess Vince, do you have avenues, either through pollution control or T&D work to offset that space in your CapEx plan, I guess in a scenario where there is issues. And then do me a favor, could you just maybe frame what – how much of that CapEx you could see being backfilled, right, in that worst-case scenario?
Vince Sorgi: Well, look, I think the key takeaway is I am not sure I would expect whether we have a settlement or fully litigating our case that, that would have a material impact on either our capital plan or our EPS targets given the different buckets of CapEx, whether it’s building replacement generation or environmental spend or other types of CapEx that we might deploy in Kentucky and elsewhere across the fleet. If you look at the testimony and based on everything that’s been filed to-date, I don’t think the outcome, Shar, is going to be an all or nothing on the coal plant retirement. But when you look at the Good Neighbor Plan, which was consistent with what we were assuming in the CPCN, that would require SCRs on Gen 2, Mill Creek 1, Mill Creek 2, also a new cooling tower at Mill Creek 1. When you look at the MATS regs and the ELG regulations, especially the ELG regs, that could result in significant incremental investments if we were required to do so. So, even if it was a full rejection of the retirements, which again, I don’t think that will be the outcome. As we have talked in the past, that’s in the $500 million to $1.5 billion of environmental CapEx. That doesn’t even include the amount of maintenance capital we have to spend on those plants going forward. So, again, I am not sure the outcome necessarily impacts the CapEx and EPS trajectory. It might just be different buckets where we are spending that capital.
Shar Pourreza: And then just lastly, that bucket you are going to be spending that capital. This is obviously the worst case scenario, so no ones are assuming this. But in the case that it does turn out to be negative, that incremental capital doesn’t have a timing lag, right? So, you can go ahead and recognize it fairly immediately where we wouldn’t keep divits in your earnings growth in the near-term.
Vince Sorgi: Some of that CapEx would have to – we would have to start spending that right away to continue to operate those plants. And that, to your point, that would be recoverable under the environmental cost recovery, which does not require a base rate case for recovery.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. Thank you, guys. Have a great weekend. Appreciate it.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Hey Greg.
Gregg Orrill: Hey. Yes. Thanks. This may be repetitive. I know you said that the testimony from intervenors was kind of in line with expectations. Did you learn anything about their positions that was incremental to the process that – or the process itself that you are willing to share?
Vince Sorgi: Not really, Gregg. I would say the testimony was as expected. I think we talked about expected intervener positions when we rolled out the plan that we filed. So, we knew the coal association would be against retiring coal. We knew the environmental intervenors would be pushing more renewables. Again, our plan, we think balances all of those interests. But more importantly, it complies with SB-4, it complies with our obligations to serve lease cost, reliable, safe energy. It is increasingly cleaner which we are hearing a lot from our customers and from our two major cities in Louisville and Lexington. So, we were extremely thoughtful and took a lot of actually intervene or input from the IRP process into coming up with what we proposed. As I have talked about, however, we are willing to engage in settlement discussions with the parties, and we will see if we can reach something here in the next couple of weeks going into the hearings beginning on the 22nd. So, I would say, as expected and we incorporated most, if not all of that into the original plan that we filed with the commission.
Gregg Orrill: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning Vince. Good morning Joe.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning.
Anthony Crowdell: I just wanted to follow-up on Shar’s question just one, and I am not sure you can answer it. Do you know if the commission in Kentucky would prefer the parties reach a settlement or given maybe with the closure of plants or whatever, that they are more buyers or they prefer a fully litigated track to have maybe a stronger record?
Vince Sorgi: I don’t know that they have a preference one way or the other. Anthony, to be honest with you, they are going to uphold their obligation to ensure whether it’s a settlement or our case that it meets the requirements of SB-4 and again, our obligation to serve in a lease cost reliable way. So, they are going to do their duty regardless of what’s in front of them, whether it’s a settlement or our case. Not sure if they have a preference on which one is in front of them. I mean they will take a settlement as evidence in the case. They don’t have to approve the settlement, but they will certainly take it as evidence in the case. The authority really lies with them in terms of whether or not to accept that or not.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just lastly, I believe the company has been successful in reaching settlements in the past in Kentucky. Has – I guess my memory is getting a little foggy. I believe the commission has approved those settlements and not modified them. Is that accurate?
Vince Sorgi: So, you are right. Generally, we have been able to reach settlement with the parties to our cases. The commission has modified them slightly in the past, nothing to material. At times, they have accepted them as filed. And other times, they have modified them, I would say, slightly.
Anthony Crowdell: Good. Thanks for taking my questions. Appreciate it.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: I just want to say thanks for joining us on the call. Feeling good about our progress so far year-to-date, looking forward to the second half of the year. And have a great weekend everyone and we will see you soon at the next conference.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation, First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andy Ludwig, Vice President and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Andy Ludwig: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation conference call on first quarter 2023 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. We'll begin today's call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. And conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter Investor Update. Let's start with our financial results and a few highlights from the quarter on Slide 4.  Today, we announced first quarter reported earnings of $0.39 per share. Adjusting for special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.48 per share compared with $0.41 per share a year ago. This increase was supported by solid results from our newly acquired Rhode Island business, as well as lower O&M expenses, partially offset by lower sales volumes due to the mild winter weather and higher interest expense. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our 2023 ongoing earnings forecast of $1.50 to $1.65 per share with a midpoint of $1.58 per share. Joe will speak to this more in his detailed review of our financial results. In addition to solid financial performance, we continue to execute on our commitment to provide safe and reliable electric and gas service to our more than 3.5 million customers. This includes managing several significant storms at our utilities, including a severe March wind storm in Kentucky, the third most significant weather event in the last 20 years in our service territory. Our teams, with the help of mutual assistance from several of our peers, restored power to more than 400,000 LG&E and KU customers. I thank each one of our men and women, as well as all those that provided mutual assistance for their dedication, commitment to safety, and demonstrated operational excellence. From a financial perspective, we received approval to treat nearly $20 million of Q1 O&M costs related to this extraordinary event as a regulatory asset. These types of events emphasize the importance of the investments we are making across our company to harden and improve the resiliency of our networks.  As the frequency of these events continues to increase, it becomes even more critical to ensure we are taking proactive steps to prepare our distribution and transmission networks. And we look forward to delivering on that goal in the most affordable way possible for our customers. We've also made significant progress during the first quarter in several areas that will improve our operating efficiency, deliver our clean energy strategy and improve service to our customers.  First, we continue to execute our plan in transitioning Rhode Island Energy to PPL Systems and remain on track to exit the remaining transition services with National Grid in 2024. We also advanced several key regulatory proceedings, which I'll discuss further on the next couple of slides.  Further, we successfully executed more than $3 billion of financings in the first quarter, reducing our interest rate exposure and strengthening our ability to achieve our top-tier earnings growth targets. And finally, our execution of approximately $600 million in capital investments during the first quarter keeps us on track to invest nearly $2.5 billion in infrastructure investments this year.  These investments benefit both customers and share owners as we continue to advance our strategy to create the utilities of the future. As a result, today, we are reaffirming our plans to invest nearly $12 billion in infrastructure improvements through 2026, to modernize our electric and gas networks and replace retiring generation in Kentucky.  Looking forward, we remain confident in the low-risk business plan we outlined in January and reaffirmed our projected compound annual earnings per share and dividend growth rates, 6% to 8% through at least 2026.  Turning to Slide 5, we were pleased to secure a positive outcome in our first infrastructure, safety and reliability proceedings before the Rhode Island Public Utilities Commission. ISR plans are submitted annually in Rhode Island and outline proposed capital investments and related operating costs to strengthen safety, reliability and resiliency of our electric and gas distribution networks.  The approved plans address Rhode Island Energy's proposed spending from April 1, 2023, to March 31, 2024. In its decision, the Public Utilities Commission approved $290 million of the approximately $350 million Rhode Island Energy proposed in its ISR filing. This allowed investments on the electric side that were largely tied to grid modernization and associated improvements.  On the gas side, most of the disallowed investment related to roughly 10 miles of leak-prone pipe replacement. While we believe the disallowed investments are the right projects to better serve our customers, we understand the Commission's desire to complete reviews of our grid modernization and advanced meter filings and to make further progress in the future of gas stakeholder proceedings before approving additional spending in those areas.  The investments not approved in this year's ISR plans may be recoverable in future proceedings subject to regulatory approval. This could be through future ISR filings, new base rate cases, and/or re-opener provisions within the base rate cases that we are currently operating under, particularly related to the grid modernization and AMF projects. Ultimately, we look forward to continued engagement on these matters with the Commission, the Division of Public Utilities and Carriers and other stakeholders in Rhode Island. Turning to Slide 6, we continue to progress our Generation Investment Plan in Kentucky and remain confident that this plan is the best path forward for our customers as we plan for the state's energy future. Our plan is more affordable, maintains reliability and represents significantly cleaner energy resources for our customers than continuing to operate the coal units that we have proposed to retire by 2028. In fact, we estimate that our plan provides nearly $600 million of net present value benefits for our customers compared to continuing to operate these coal units. As we shared in March when Senate Bill 4 became law, we're confident that the generation replacement plan we filed in December exceeds the standards set by the new law, and as a result, we have not changed our CPCN strategy. As proposed, our plan would replace 1,500 megawatts of aging coal generation, with over 1,200 megawatts of new combined cycle natural gas generation, nearly 1,000 megawatts of solar generation, and 125 megawatts of battery storage. In addition, our plan proposes the implementation of more than a dozen new energy efficiency programs by 2028. Altogether, the plan represents a $2.1 billion investment in Kentucky's energy future and the lease cost option to reliably meet the needs of our Kentucky customers 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. As an added benefit, our proposed plan would cut our carbon emissions nearly 25% from current levels while further diversifying our generation fleet. To comply with the new law, we expect to file our retirement request with the KPSC by May 10. Given the law provides the KPSC 180 days to issue a decision on retirement requests, this timing essentially aligns the retirement ruling with the expected decision on our CPCN filing. The decision on our filings is expected by November 6. Again, we're confident the plan we proposed offers the best path forward for the customers and communities we serve. We don't see any signs of federal environmental mandates easing over time, and we believe investing hundreds of millions of dollars in environmental control, continue operating aging, uneconomic coal plants is not in our customers' best interest. However, should we be required to make such investments? We do have the Environmental Cost Recovery Mechanism or ECR in place. That would enable recovery of these investments outside of base rate cases. We’ll continue to actively engage with stakeholders in Kentucky throughout the CPCN process to demonstrate how our plans best meet the needs of our customers. That concludes my strategic and operational update. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince and good morning everyone. Let's turn to Slide 8. PPL's first quarter GAAP earnings were $0.39 per share. We recorded special items of $0.09 per share in the first quarter, primarily due to integration and related expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy. Adjusting for these special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.48 per share, an improvement of $0.07 per share compared to Q1, 2022. The addition of Rhode Island Energy to our portfolio and our focus on O&M savings were the primary drivers of the increase, partially offset by lower sales volumes of about $0.05 per share due to the unusually mild winter weather in Kentucky and Pennsylvania and higher interest expense. Overall, our teams performed very well in the face of significant storms, and results for the quarter were in line with expectations apart from the weather.  Heating Degree days were down nearly 25% in our Kentucky service territory and 30% in our Pennsylvania territory. This resulted in lower quarterly sales volumes of nearly 9% in Kentucky and 7% in Pennsylvania.  We remain confident in delivering our 2023 earnings forecast, as we have several potential offsets to the mild weather, including the benefit of our recent financings at attractive rates compared to our plan, incremental disk revenues in Pennsylvania, outperformance on our integration of Rhode Island Energy, and effective O&M cost management. While we're not relying on weather, a warmer than normal summer could also provide some potential upside. We have an excellent track record of achieving our targets, which we expect to continue in 2023.  Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the quarter on Slide 9. Our Pennsylvania Regulated Segment results were flat year-over-year. Results were primarily driven by increased transmission revenue and distribution rider recovery, offset by lower sales volumes due to the mild weather and higher interest expense, due to increased borrowings and higher rates. Our Kentucky segment decreased by $0.04 per share year-over-year. Results were impacted primarily by lower sales volumes due to the mild weather and higher interest expenses from increased borrowings, partially offset by lower O&M expenses. The addition of our Rhode Island segment increased earnings by $0.10 per share for the quarter. Rhode Island's Q1 results reflect the seasonal nature of gas operations during the winter months as a significant amount of Annual Natural Gas demand and earnings occur within the heating season. Finally, results at corporate and other increased $0.01 per share compared to the prior year, primarily due to lower O&M expenses and other factors that were not individually significant, partially offset by higher interest expense due to increased debt and higher rates.  Moving to Slide 10. During the quarter we successfully navigated a volatile rate market and completed our financing plan for 2023. This included five separate transactions, issuing a combined total of $3.2 billion of debt, including $1 billion convertible offering that was the first executed in our industry in 20 years.  Our first mover advantage on the convert led to strong demand from investors as our deal ended up pricing about 250 basis points lower than straight debt, resulting in roughly $25 million in annual interest expense savings. Given these savings, this transaction is favorable to issuing straight debt and any potential share dilution as a result of significant share price appreciation will be manageable.  We also executed several operating company issuances in Pennsylvania and Kentucky for combined proceeds of nearly $2.2 billion. A portion of the proceeds were used to reduce both short-term and floating rate debt, while the remaining will be used primarily to fund each utility's respective CapEx plans. In total, we repaid $1.75 billion of floating rate debt, reducing our floating rate exposure to approximately $600 million, which is less than 5% of our total debt portfolio. In summary, our strong execution of the financing plan this quarter reflects PPL's excellent credit position and we continue to target strong credit metrics and maintain one of the sector's best credit profiles without any planned equity issuances through our planning horizon.  That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi : Thank you, Joe. In closing, we remain solidly on track to deliver the midpoint of our 2023 earnings forecast, and we remain well positioned to deliver top tier earnings and dividend growth of 6% to 8% annually through at least 2026. We're off to a strong start in 2023, executing on our $2.4 billion capital plan, continuing the integration of Rhode Island Energy, advancing our plans in Kentucky and Rhode Island to deliver lease cost reliable energy for our customers and remaining on track with our first leg of achieving at least $175 million in O&M savings by 2026. As we pursue our strategy to create the utilities of the future, we are as strong as we've been in years and I'm convinced we're only getting stronger.  With that operator, let's open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question will come from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team, good morning. Thanks for giving me time. 
Vince Sorgi: Good morning, Durgesh. 
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Vince. A lot of investor discussion went around just the legislation in Kentucky. Can you just share some initial feedback if you have any from your filings? A lot of investors are looking at this legislation thinking about what the, what it may mean for you and whether the state is actually going to accept your application to retire these coal plans, so just any additional color that you can share that would be appreciated.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah, sure. So look, in general, these are open proceedings. So we are going through the formal processes with the Commission. So not a lot to share directly in terms of feedback from the Commission. But as we think strategically Durgesh, the CPCN that we filed with the Commission is again –our view is a lease cost option to serve our customers. Again as I mentioned in my remarks, we quantify the NPV savings to our customers at about $600 million versus continuing to operate the coal plants that we're proposing to retire.  Our plan also ensures reliability. It checks all of the issues that the SB4 has in it, in terms of cost and reliability, et cetera. So we think we meet the requirements that have come out in the new law. So from our perspective, we still feel very confident that we can get our plans approved through the Commission, engaging with our customers and the various interveners and stakeholders in the process. So overall, nothing changing from our perspective in terms of the CPCN strategy.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it, that's helpful, Vince. Is there a middle road here perhaps and I know this is early innings, but like not your plan in entirety, but a portion of your plan might get accepted and you have alternatives for the balance of the plan. I'm just thinking about the risks, because it's a significant portion of your CapEx, which is included in your plan as you go into the CPCN filings, and whether there's a sort of a collaborative approach here to get some of it, if not all of it approved.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah look, I think that's a fair question, Durgesh. We'll ultimately have to see when we go through the process with our interveners if there's a settlement scenario or case that we ultimately can agree to, to your point. Of course, we're always open to those types of discussions.  I think it's important to comment that if we do need to continue to operate the aging on economic coal plants that we're proposing to retire, that would require us to invest potentially significant amounts of capital to comply with existing EPA regulations, which again we don't think would be in the best interest of our customers. But if we're required to do that, we would have to make those capital investments. If you look at all of the plants that we're talking about retiring, again, we'd have to evaluate the final EPA regs once they come out in final form and then analyze all that. But sitting here today, that could be between $0.5 billion and $1.5 billion of environmental investments alone, not to mention the maintenance capital that we would have to incur to keep those plants operating. So quite a significant amount, potentially of investment that would be required there. And as I discussed, again in my remarks, that would recover – be recovered through the ECR mechanism, which basically provides real-time recovery for our share owners should we need to make those investments. We have other – if we're not going to spend $2.1 billion on gen replacement, I think from an affordability perspective we have other investments we can make in Kentucky, primarily in the T&D businesses. Again, we're seeing increased severity and frequency of storms in the state. We saw that just this quarter. So continuing to strengthen the grid in Kentucky, we certainly have the opportunity to do that as well. And then from a capital plan perspective, we really don't have a lot of the IIJA project funding in our plans. So specific to Kentucky, we have about $300 million worth of projects that we've submitted with the DOE. $150 million would be funded by us, and $150 million would be funded by the DOE. So at the end of the day, we're feeling really good about the overall capital plan Durgesh, and obviously feeding the earnings targets that we've laid out.
Durgesh Chopra : That's great color, Vince. Thank you so much.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: The next question will come from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Vince Sorgi: Hi David.
David Arcaro: Hey, guys, thanks so much for taking my questions. Let's see, I'm wondering if you could just maybe give an update on your confidence level in achieving your previously planned cost cuts for this year, what you're seeing for inflationary pressures. And I guess how hard of a stretch is it to dig deeper and also offset the weather headwinds that you're facing?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah, sure. So I'll ask Joe maybe to comment on that.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah sure, hey Dave. Well, first of all for the O&M targets that we've set for this year, we are on track to achieve those, and we feel really good about our ability to do so. As far as offsets for this year and the weather impact that we saw in the first quarter, I hit a number of them during my prepared remarks, but those include the benefits from the strong execution of the convert that we issued earlier this year, and that's about $0.01 to $0.02 better than our expectations.  We're also anticipating that this mechanism in Pennsylvania provides additional earnings. It could be about another $0.01 to $0.02 there, and then any potential outperformance on the integration of Rhode Island Energy, and we're very focused on that integration process there and always trying to do better than our plan, and that could be another $0.001, maybe $0.02. And then, so if you're looking beyond that, we always have the ability to flex our O&M spending, which we could do on top of that.
Vince Sorgi: There are a number of levers we have at our disposal, David.
David Arcaro: Yeah, great. Yeah, you anticipated my other question, which was to get a little more clarity on those other levers, so that's really helpful. And then, I was just wondering if you could touch on Rhode Island and just following the ISR decision. Maybe one, do you think there's still interest in pursuing those projects by the Commission that didn't get approval? And then just wondering maybe more holistically, are there other opportunities that you would look for additional CapEx upside in Rhode Island more broadly?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah, sure. So first of all, I'd say I think the process in Rhode Island was very constructive. And as I talked about in my prepared remarks, the projects that did not get approved were really associated with other proceedings that are currently in front of the Commission. In particular, the grid modernization on the electric side and the leak-prone pipe on the gas side. So because we have other proceedings in front of the Commission on those areas, it wasn't a total surprise to me that they decided to temper some of the increase in those areas pending, getting a little further down the road on those proceedings. We will have the opportunity, to your question, to request those projects in future proceedings. Again, those could be future ISR proceedings. They could be future base rate cases, depending on the timing of when we file our next base rate case. We also have reopened our provisions in the current rate case for both grid mod and the AMF filing, so we could also potentially use that avenue as well. But I think it's important to point out that the $290 million, almost $300 million of investments that we did get approval for, right, those are vital in strengthening the safety, reliability and resiliency of our networks. And so I think it highlights the importance of the ISR mechanism for our customers, but it also demonstrates the constructive regulatory framework for our investors. In terms of additional capital opportunities, I think probably the biggest one would be again, in the IIJA buckets. We have about $480 million worth of projects that we've applied for with the DOE. $330 million of that would be PPL funded, $150 million of that would be DOE funded. Obviously that helps the economics on those projects. So we could again, funnel those through the ISR or other mechanisms to get approval. We would need regulatory approval for those projects. But again, with the DOE kicking in, about 30% funding on those, it really helps the cost-benefit analysis on those projects. So hopefully we would get a lot of support in the state to do those types of projects.
David Arcaro: Okay. Excellent! I appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Joe Bergstein: Hey, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo : Hi! Good morning. Thank you, team. And thank you for the call on Kentucky in particular. Just if I add up the pieces that you mentioned, is it fair to say that in a worst-case scenario you could offset the majority of that 2.1 generation plan with other spending if you needed to?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah Paul, we're very confident in being able to meet our earnings targets and trajectory. I think how we get there under different scenarios of a CPCN approval process, we have to look at that depending on what exactly gets approved.  So like I was saying, if some of that capital ends up being environmental spend on coal plants where we earn, cash recovery on that spend pretty much as we're spending it, where as we know our base plan is assuming under the $2.1 billion we'll be spending under the CPCN, $1.6 billion in our time period, that requires a base rate case for cash funding. So we’ll get – we would get some potential upside on the earnings profile by recovering quicker. Again, we have to see how much the impact on the overall capital plan is if any, coming out of the CPCN. But really, we feel confident in our ability to hit our targets under various scenarios coming out of the CPCN funding. So it's a little tough to just say, this capital bucket for that capital bucket, because you also have the positive effect of the ECR mechanism in there.
Paul Zimbardo : Okay, thank you. That's good context as well, I appreciate it. And then switching topics, Joe mentioned that the outperformance of the Rhode Island integration could be a penny or two favorable for 2023. Should we think of that as more of a timing element or if you're successful there, would that accrue to 2024 plus? Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah Joe, do you want to?
Joe Bergstein: Yeah, no. I think it's more on just our overall performance against our expectations there and being able to integrate at a lower cost than we expect. The TSA period goes through 2024. So my comments were really focused on ‘23 and our ability to offset the negative weather start to the year.
Paul Zimbardo : Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Joe Bergstein: Sure.
Operator: The next question will come from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So first maybe something completely different. So we're probably halfway through the earnings season and we haven't yet heard from any utility about some additional O&M efficiencies associated with reduced office space. Is that even something that you guys are considering? I mean it seems like this hybrid work model has persisted even in your industry and I just wonder if that's, it's a lever that you might pull in the future from an O&M perspective or it's not something that you're currently considering?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah Angie, I think that's a great question, great point. So I think generally why you haven't probably heard a lot about it is either utilities own their buildings, their office buildings that they are operating out of or they have leases that they are, fixed leases that they are currently paying under, and so maybe not an immediate source of operating efficiency or O&M savings.  But clearly in the post-pandemic world, and as we think about hybrid or remote working versus in the office working, I think it's an area that you will see most of corporate America focusing on over the years to come. So I think specifically to answer your question, we're not necessarily seeing it right away or even in the next year or so. But certainly I think that could be an opportunity longer term as we right size our real estate needs for sure.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then just taking it one step further, are you seeing any sort of a slowdown among commercial customers, again, somehow linked to office buildings and downsizing or any other signs of economic slowdown, like any leading indicators that you see among your customers, not only on the commercial side, but also industrial?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah Joe, do you want to talk about maybe just load in general?
Joe Bergstein: Yeah, sure. Hey Angie, it's Joe. We are – we continue to see a number of positive economic factors in both of our jurisdictions in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, including continued low unemployment rates and strong GDP growth.  And in Kentucky, as we've talked about a number of times, we saw back-to-back record years of economic development with over $10 billion of announced investments in each of 2021 and 2022. That includes the 4DV battery plant initiative that we've talked about a number of times. That's recently broken ground and well under construction. And we continue to see strong industrial growth, primarily in the manufacturing and agriculture sectors. So we have not seen that in our territories, and Rhode Island's decoupled and less reliant on those things.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah, I think just in general you're seeing people catch up from the lull in COVID, right, whether that was supply chain driven or just the lull in the economy during COVID and kind of the bow wave to not only catch up to pre-COVID levels, but then the growth. We're seeing some of our major industrials not only getting back to pre-COVID, but talking also about expansion, expanding their footprints and their production facilities. So in our jurisdictions, generally I think we're feeling really good about our local economies and where the growth that we're seeing in our areas.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then just one last follow-up on Kentucky. And again, I should know that, so I mean the purpose of the bill was to basically continue the usage of the coal that is mined in Kentucky or is it continued operations of the coal plants? I mean it might be a subtle difference, but how about just running these coal plants on gas and that's checking that box of continued operations of these plants while sourcing energy from those new gas plants, which given the gas price environment just became even more beneficial to the end user?
Vince Sorgi: Well, look I don't want to comment on the purpose of the bill. I think we'd have to probably hear that from the folks that wrote the bill. But in general, I would say coming out of the winter storm, Elliott, there was a general concern on just ensuring that reliability is kind of at the forefront of generation decisions in the state. There was concern that the clean energy transition is happening too quickly and making sure that reliability again is front and center. I will say that has always been an area that we and our commission have focused incredibly on as we put together our generation planning, our CPCN filings, what the form of generation replacement looks like, etc. It's why we have two combined cycle units in our CPCN, and it's not 100% renewables. We were absolutely as focused on reliability as I think the legislature is in the state to ensure that we can deliver that power 24 hours a day, seven days a week. And so I think we were already operating under the reliability issues that were addressed in the bill, in terms of driving either coal mining or running coal plants. I can't necessarily speak to that per se. However, I would say we will continue to put forth plans that ensure reliability, but do that in the least cost manner for our customers, which the bill also has in it as well. And again, we think our CPCN plan absolutely balances all of those in the most productive way for our customers.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson : Hey! Good morning, guys.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson : With respect to the Rhode Island gas modernization program, I guess what sort of comes to mind when looking at that case is, again, sort of telling myself. How do you think about the potential for strained investment with electrification efforts in places like Rhode Island and what have you? I know it's different in different jurisdictions, but I'm just sort of wondering, sort of broad picture when you're thinking about this, how does the idea of electrification or these sort of really aggressive carbon greenhouse gas reduction efforts. How do you think about that with respect to your gas CapEx plans and what have you?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah, I think there's a number of factors that go into that, Paul. One is the cost of electrification. The second is the reliability of supplying electricity if the bulk of the economy is or the vast majority of the economy becomes electrified and then ultimately, the benefits of fuel diversity by having natural gas in addition to electricity. Obviously the state has targets to be economy-wide net zero by 2050. On the electricity side, net basically 100% renewable driven by 2033. Our investment plans on the T&D networks are geared towards that 2033, 100% renewable date.  We are actively engaged with numerous stakeholders in Rhode Island, including the PUC on the future of gas docket. And so we are actively engaged with doing analysis on various scenarios on how we could see the future of the Rhode Island Energy sector feeding the economy there and how the natural gas system will ultimately be used or not. We would expect to have our initial view of that and issue a report to the PUC late fall of this year. In the spring of next year, the PUC would then target issuing its report to the government agency that's in charge of implementing the Act on climate rules within the state and then we would expect that organization, EC4, to issue their report in 2025. So, a great question. There's a lot of work and actually a formal docket within the commission to exactly answer that question. And I think you could see various possibilities there, right, whether or not we're blending different molecules through the pipes, maybe it's not all natural gas, we're using more renewable natural gas, we're using hydrogen in combination of those things. So really, we're right in the middle of it right now Paul, and more to come as I think we make progress on that analysis and ultimately those reports coming out of those various agencies.
Paul Patterson : Okay, awesome. And then you obviously have a reliability initiative in Kentucky and what have you. And obviously things are a little bit more limited in places like Pennsylvania and Rhode Island just given to the structure there. But as you know there's some alarm bells ringing off or have been ringing off for some time in PJM regarding reliability.  We're seeing some stuff in New Hampshire with respect to long-term PPAs potentially and what have you. And I'm just wondering, is there any potential on the electric side that you guys are thinking about here, either in terms of longer-term PPAs maybe in terms of the reliability side batteries, virtual power plants, I don't know or just own generation or what have you.  In terms of addressing these issues as opposed to maybe the way the construct has been, which is sort of like relying on PJM, the RPM model or capacity markets or what have you, that maybe it's time to sort of pivot at least a little bit and look at terms of maybe other structures than yet another sort of capacity market remake, if you follow what I'm saying. Or I don't know, I'm just thinking about, we're just hearing a lot of [audio gap] right now Senate hearing with FERC. I'm just sort of – I'm just wondering what your thoughts are on that.
Vince Sorgi: I would say yes to all of that. This is an area that I spend a lot of time thinking about and we're starting to formulate our strategy along the lines of many of the things that you just mentioned. So to your point, PJM themselves I think are very concerned about 40 to 45 gigawatts of thermal generation announced to be retired between now and 2030. That's an incredible amount of very reliable, dispatchable generation that is scheduled to come out of the ISO, out of the gen stack. The vast majority, almost all of the replacement generation are intermittent renewables and developers are having a hard time getting the siting and permitting or getting any of it built. So even if it does get built, which there's a lot of, I think concern in terms of the timing of when this replacement generation gets built, you're replacing very reliable, dispatchable energy with intermittent energy. And so I do think PJM is concerned as they're looking at their generation stack and thinking about the ISO itself, which of course then makes me focus on how do we ensure we have electrons flowing through our wires in Pennsylvania and Rhode Island. So yeah, we are absolutely focused on this, laser focused on this I would say. And some of the things that you had mentioned, I would say all of those I think are areas that we think we can take a look at to try to shore up the gen supply in our own jurisdictions. Great question.
Paul Patterson : Just a quick follow-up on that. Do you think the people in the legislature or whatever, the lawmakers, whatever the officials in those states are open to those ideas as well? Because I would assume it might have to take changes on the part of the regimes in those states. Do you follow what I'm saying? I mean, are they open to this do you think, or do they recognize it or...
Vince Sorgi: I think it's new. This is a new topic for them. We will be engaging with not only our legislators, but our regulators, just to make sure that we're all on the same page as we look at security of energy going forward. But we have flexibility within the current rules to do a lot of what you suggested. So, not all of this requires legislative change and so we'll certainly use as much of the levers within current legislation and regulation to shore up gen supply. But to your point, if we need to go beyond that, that might require legislative change. I can't handicap today the likelihood of that.
Paul Patterson : Okay. I got you. Awesome. Thanks so much, guys.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: The next question will come from Ross Fowler with UBS. Please go ahead.
Ross Fowler: Good morning.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Fowler: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but maybe let me ask this one. And apologies if I drag out the past here, but can you sort of give us the context or at least the contention in this fraudulent conveyance claim against PPL Hydro that's out there with Talen, and sort of if there's any process here or timeline around actually resolving that?
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So the case itself relates to when we still owned PPL Montana, when PPL still owned PPL Montana, we had sold the hydro assets to Northwestern and the proceeds of those assets, $700 million that we distributed those proceeds back to PPL following the sale. That was known and negotiated when we created Talen Energy as part of spinning out energy supply and merging that with Riverstone’s assets and so all of that was well understood, well documented.  The contention is that we somehow by doing that, we made PPL Montana insolvent and so that is the fraudulent conveyance charge. We feel extremely confident in our position in defense that PPL Montana was not only in compliance with all applicable laws at the time the distributions were made, but that it was also solvent at all relevant times as it relates to the law and those distributions. So, just in terms of an update on the situation with the case, we did go into mediation between the parties recently. We could not come to agreement in that mediation, and so we have discontinued that and so we're basically back in the bankruptcy court. We would expect to resolve this with the court proceeding hopefully by the end of the year, Ross. So Talen has indicated certain timeframes on coming out of bankruptcy within the next couple months. This issue will not and does not necessarily need to be resolved before they can do that, but we do expect it will be resolved by the end of the year.
Ross Fowler: Yeah, that's a fantastic update, Vince. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Vince Sorgi: Well, thanks again for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with investors at our Annual Shareholders Meeting in a couple of weeks or perhaps we'll see you on the road here soon. So, thanks again for joining us, and we'll close out.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation conference call on fourth quarter and year end 2022 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our website. We'll begin today's call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. And we'll conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to slide two and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy and good morning everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and year end investor update. We'll keep our remarks brief this morning given the comprehensive update we shared with you on January 11th. We continue to be extremely excited for PPL's bright future and the value we intend to deliver for our customers and shareowners. Turning to slide four, 2022 was a remarkable year in PPL's history, one that has completely redefined our company. It marks the beginning of a new era as we are now positioned as a premier pure-play US regulated utility holding company. Our strategic repositioning began with the sale of our UK business in 2021 and concluded in May of 2022 with the addition of Rhode Island Energy and its almost 800,000 customers. I'm very proud of the execution from our team to close this transaction and complete the transition activities to-date with National Grid. We are on schedule to complete all of the TSAs in 2024 as originally planned. The acquisition of Rhode Island Energy also enhances our scale and enables PPL to be a leader in our sector for years to come. This includes positioning our company to deliver top-tier 6% to 8% earnings and dividend growth through at least 2026, with one of the best credit profiles in our sector, our balance sheet can support our growth without equity issuances throughout the planning horizon. And while we executed on our strategic repositioning, we remain steadfast in our pursuit of delivering excellent financial and operational results in 2022. First and foremost, we achieved ongoing earnings of $1.41 per share, beating the midpoint of our forecast, which we had increased in November. This is a fantastic accomplishment considering all the extra work our teams completed this past year in connection with our strategic repositioning. In addition to delivering solid financial results, we also laid the groundwork for capital investments we need to make for years to come, in our pursuit of delivering an exceptional customer experience at an affordable price. Specifically, we presented a balanced investment plan in Kentucky to replace nearly 1,500 megawatts of retiring coal generation. This plan best positions our utilities in Kentucky to serve our customers with safe, reliable, affordable and sustainable energy while the state fosters significant economic development and growth. We also designed a series of plans for our newly acquired Rhode Island Energy, strategies to deliver the energy grids necessary to achieve the state's impressive clean energy goal of 100% renewable energy by 2033. These plans include advanced metering, grid modernization and our first infrastructure safety and reliability plans under our ownership. These plans emphasize just some of the robust investment opportunities at our utilities. We're also looking at potential regulated investment opportunities beyond our four utilities, leveraging our expertise in transmission development to open new doors for potential growth. This includes our strategic partnership with WindGrid, an Elia subsidiary, where we are exploring offshore transmission solutions in New England. Any investment opportunity stemming from this partnership, are not included in our capital forecast and represent potential upside to our long-term growth plan. On the operational front, during 2022, we maintained our top quartile reliability in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, despite the increased frequency and severity of storms in our service territories. And in just a few months of ownership, Rhode Island Energy has experienced a marked improvement in reliability and exceeded 2022 expectations by more than 10%. One example of this excellent performance was during Winter Storm Elliott. Rhode Island Energy was the first major New England utility to achieve full customer restoration in the early morning of Christmas Day. We also maintained our top quartile customer satisfaction at PPL Electric Utilities and Kentucky Utilities. And while we're proud of these achievements, we are sympathetic to the concerns of our Pennsylvania customers who experienced increases in their December bills as a result of higher energy prices. While we don't control the price of electricity supply, we know that it can have a meaningful impact on our customers. And while the default rate for PPL Electric's non-shopping customers increased in December, many of our customers who have chosen third-party suppliers saw even higher price increases and are paying significantly more than our default rate of approximately $0.145. Our most recent review of shopping results found that in November, over 40% of our residential shopping customers paid a higher rate than our default rate. Over 100,000 customers paid a rate between 25% and 100% more than the default rate and nearly 20,000 customers paid more than double our default rate. For the last two years, PPL Electric has been a vocal advocate, on behalf of our customers, for greater safeguards and other actions to protect them from overpaying for their electricity supply. We proposed various consumer protection reforms with our Pennsylvania legislators and regulators and are again having discussions with them for the benefit of our customers. In addition to higher bills from these increased energy prices, a large number of our PPL Electric Utilities customers received estimated bills in December due to a technical issue. The timing of higher electricity bills and the increased number of estimated bills created some confusion and concern for customers. We have since fixed the technical issue and have temporarily doubled the resources at our call centers to address customer questions and significantly reduce call wait times. And in further support of our customers, we've waived late fees and expanded our no-shutoff practice over the winter to include all residential and small business customers. We're also focused on communicating even more with our customers about high energy prices and what customers can do to minimize their energy bills. While this is an important topic for us and our customers that I wanted to address today, I want to be clear that we do not expect this matter to have a significant impact on our financial results. As we've discussed at length, one of the key aspects of our strategy is to drive operating efficiencies across the entire business. In developing our strategy, we anticipated affordability being a key area of focus for customers and regulators, even before we saw the effects of inflation and high commodity costs. We all know the energy grids need significant investment to ensure reliability and resiliency while preparing for renewables, DERs and more electrification. This is why our plan best positions PPL to achieve our goals while focusing on affordability for our customers. Turning to Slide 5. PPL's outlook for 2023 is one that is simply focused on executing our utility of the future strategy. In my 2022 recap, I discussed that we are on track with our integration activities with Rhode Island Energy. An obvious top priority for 2023 is to remain on track with our Rhode Island integration, setting us up for completion in 2024. We have a $2.4 billion capital plan that improves the safety, reliability and resiliency of our networks while addressing our customers' evolving needs. We're on track to deliver the first leg of our $175 million O&M savings target by 2026 with $50 million to $60 million of savings in 2023 as we deploy our playbook and continue to optimize our operations. These savings will provide a strong basis for us to deliver the midpoint of our 2023 earnings forecast of $1.58 per share. Recall, this forecast represents a 7% increase from our pro forma 2022 forecast of $1.48 per share. We will also focus on the regulatory filings in Kentucky and Rhode Island to deliver lease cost and reliable energy for our customers and help to advance the clean energy transition. Turning to Slide 6. As we executed our strategic repositioning over the past few years, we took a hard look at how we wanted to be defined as a company and management team. Simply put, we want to be the best utility company in the US, the best set of learning safe, reliable, affordable and sustainable energy to our customers and competitive long-term returns to our shareowners. We've included on the right side of the slide, the categories that we'll use to measure our success against our peers. In short, we will be targeting top decile or top quartile performance and safety, reliability, customer satisfaction and cost efficiency, while at the same time, targeting a premium stock valuation. While we're not there yet in all categories, I firmly believe we are on the right path to get there. And I'm excited to see us advance down this path. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 8. Our solid fourth quarter financial results closed out a great year for the company. Fourth quarter GAAP earnings were $0.26 per share. Special items in the fourth quarter were $0.02 per share, primarily due to integration and related expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy, partially offset by a tax benefit due to the provision to final 2021 tax return adjustments, primarily related to the sale of WPD. Adjusting for these special items, fourth quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.28 per share, an improvement of $0.06 per share compared to 2021. With these strong fourth quarter results, our 2022 GAAP earnings totaled $1.02 per share. Special items for the year were $0.39 per share, primarily related to integration and related expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy. Our ongoing earnings for the year were $1.41 per share compared to $1.05 per share for 2021 exceeding the midpoint of our earnings forecast for 2022. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers for the quarter on slide nine. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results improved by $0.01 year-over-year. Results were primarily driven by higher sales volumes due to milder than normal weather last year and increased returns on additional capital investments in transmission. These improvements were offset partially by higher O&M expenses. Our Kentucky segment decreased by $0.01 per share year-over-year. Improved sales volumes in Kentucky also due to milder than normal weather experienced last year were more than offset by higher O&M and interest expense. The addition of our Rhode Island segment increased earnings by $0.03 per share for the quarter. Results at Corporate and Other increased $0.03 per share compared to the prior year, primarily due to lower O&M expenses, lower income taxes, and other factors that were not individually significant. These favorable drivers were partially offset by higher interest expense. Our strong performance in the fourth quarter reflects another proof point of delivering on expectations since our repositioning last year. Our results for the full year are on slide 10. We reported improved results across each business segment in 2022. The operating segment results presented here exclude the impact of share accretion, which we've shown as a separate bar on the far right of the slide. Recall that we used a portion of the UK business sales proceeds to repurchase $1 billion of shares back in the fourth quarter of 2021, resulting in $0.05 of accretion in 2022. We also used another $4 billion of the UK sales proceeds to reduce our holding company debt, strengthening our balance sheet to one of the best in the sector. This reduction of debt was the primary driver for the $0.10 improvement in our Corporate and Other segment for the year. Turning to the operating segments. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment delivered a $0.06 per share increase for the year compared to 2021. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by returns on additional capital investments in transmission, higher peak transmission demand, and improved sales volumes. These favorable drivers were partially offset by higher O&M expenses, including increased uncollectibles, additional vegetation management costs, and IT amortization costs. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earnings increased by $0.07 per share for the year compared to 2021. Our improved results in Kentucky were primarily driven by a full year of higher retail rates that went into effect in July 2021 and higher sales volumes. These favorable drivers were partially offset by higher O&M expenses, including vegetation management, plant outage and storm costs, and higher depreciation expense. Our Rhode Island segment added $0.08 per share to ongoing earnings for the year, reflecting the period from our acquisition in late May through the end of the year. This was a great year for the company and is yet another demonstration of our commitment to deliver on and exceed our financial goals. Turning to slide 11. We expect to keep that momentum heading into this year. Today, we are reaffirming our 2023 earnings forecast range of $1.50 to $1.65 per share and the midpoint of $1.58 per share. We remain confident in our ability to deliver our forecast by leveraging our proven operating model, a strategy focused on driving cost efficiencies to reduce O&M, which enables investments necessary to advance our energy networks in the most affordable manner. Our Pennsylvania segment results are expected to increase by $0.04 per share in 2023, primarily due to returns on additional capital investments in transmission and lower O&M, partially offset by higher interest expense. We project our Kentucky segment results to increase by $0.05 per share in 2023, primarily due to lower O&M, partially offset by higher interest expense. Our Rhode Island segment results are expected to increase by $0.08 per share in 2023, primarily due to the impact of a full year's earnings. We project corporate and other results to be flat year-over-year. Moving to slide 12. In connection with the request from many of our investors, we've reallocated our Kentucky holding company financing costs to corporate and other, beginning January 1. This reallocation provides a clearer view of the utility earnings for our Kentucky Regulated segment and is consistent with how we report the Pennsylvania and Rhode Island segments. We've illustrated the impact of this reallocation to our actual 2022 ongoing earnings on this slide to show the 2022 segment results on a consistent basis with our 2023 segment forecast. Moving to slide 13. Our Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.24 per share to be paid on April 3 to shareholders of record as of March 10. As we discussed in January, the $0.24 dividend is a 7% increase that aligns with our predictable, linear and competitive annual EPS growth of 6% to 8%. This is also within our targeted dividend payout range of 60% to 65%, combining our targeted EPS growth with our dividend yield provides investors with a compelling total return proposition in the range of 9% to 11% per year. This is consistent with our mission of delivering long-term returns to shareholders. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. Over the past two years, we've taken bold steps to transform PPL for long-term growth and success and to improve shareowner return, while building on our core strengths. Since then, we have continued to deliver on the goals we set, exceeding the midpoint of our 2022 earnings forecast, advancing industry-leading grid modernization, providing highly reliable electricity and gas service and economically advancing our clean energy strategy. And our plan provides investors with an attractive return proposition, one that the entire management team and I intend to deliver. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, team.
Vince Sorgi: Hey, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, Vince. Just two quick ones here after you guys obviously had a comprehensive update a little while ago. But just -- I know you guys are obviously targeting $50 million to $60 million of O&M savings this year, but it's been kind of a super mild winter, Q1 looks to be a little bit rough. I guess how comfortable are you around the 158 midpoint when you're also layering in sort of interest expense pressures and some of the externalities we're seeing out there. So I guess if the tail risks don't abate can you sort of pull forward some of that incremental $70 million in O&M savings next year into this year? I guess, can you just talk a little bit about the contingencies here? Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Shar. Look, I would just say we still remain incredibly confident in our ability to hit the 2023 forecast. As you've mentioned and with many of our peers, right, I would say the most significant potential headwinds or factors that we're looking at today are interest rates and inflation. And then, of course, weather, which you referenced and its impact potentially on sales or our storm costs. I would say regarding inflation and interest rates at this point, we're really not seeing anything significant enough that we don't think we can manage as we look forward for not only 2023 but going forward. And I would just reiterate that we built a plan to withstand volatile markets and still enable us to hit the targets that we've laid out for you all. So we're still very confident, don't necessarily see the need to really accelerate O&M, but that's always a lever we have at our disposal.
Shar Pourreza: Great. And then just lastly, Vince, that's helpful. Just on the Kentucky CPCN process, interveners are obviously starting to line up, looks like there's been some delays on solar PPAs and the PSC just engaged a consultant, right, to do an analysis earlier this week. Can you just speak to the process a little bit more broadly and what we should be watching for interveners and procedurally between now and your next update in the spring? Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, sure. So the CPCN process does continue, I would say, really on plan as was laid out in the procedural schedule. Last week, the KPSC granted several interveners, their motions to intervene short, none of those were a surprise to us. So I would say everything, again, progressing as we would have expected there. The next step is for us to get the data requests from the interveners, which are due to us by the end of today actually. This will then start a series of requests and testimony that are scheduled really to continue through mid-August. And then once we get through that, that will culminate with the public hearing during the last week of August. And then as I think you know, the commission has indicated that they expect to provide a decision by November 6.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Terrific. Fantastic. That’s all I had and congrats and we’ll be seeing you real soon. Appreciate it.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks, Shar.
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Hey Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning. Good morning team. And Vince very helpful. Thank you for your commentary on the Pennsylvania billing issue, we were getting some questions on that, so I appreciate the color. I just had one quick follow-up, rest, everything is pretty clear. The -- you've asked for AFUDC in Kentucky, is that part of this CPCN filing, or is that a separate decision? What should we be looking for there and how to track that specifically?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, that will come out through the CPCN process, so that will be resolved all at the same time to get, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. And go Eagles for 2024.
Vince Sorgi: Not an Eagle stand, but that's okay.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Hey Paul.
Paul Patterson: Hey, how is it going? On the call, I think you were -- in your prepared remarks, you were talking about like discussions with regulators about affordability and what have you. I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more color as to what they might be looking at and if you have a little bit more discussion about Kentucky and I guess, Pennsylvania, what you're hearing there?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, some of the things that we were -- we've been engaged in Pennsylvania, really with our -- with the state legislature as well as our regulator, the PUC. Most significantly, Paul, we've requested to have customers return to the EDC, so right, the companies like PPL Electric and to return to our default rate when they come off the standard offer program as that's where we've seen our customers gauge the most when they come off the standard offer plan. In some cases, our customers' rates have increased by more than 300% in the months following, coming off the standard offer program. So, we -- our recommendation was just to have folks once the standard offer program ends. If they hadn't already signed up for a new plan that they would just default to our default rate, which would limit how much the price could increase as opposed to, like I said, this 300% or more, which we have seen some of our customers get it with. We've also requested that suppliers provide detailed information about their agreements to our customers, both to the electric companies. So, again, companies like PPL Electric as well as the PUC, so that we can augment any supplier notifications and make sure that our customers understand some of these plans that they're signing up for. We've also asked for tighter restrictions around introductory or teaser rates as well as variable rates. Again, our customers have been impacted significantly by some of those areas. So, overall, I would just say we're really trying to see greater accountability with our suppliers.
Paul Patterson: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. This is kind of a problem that's sort of plagued choice -- retail choice jurisdictions around the country, I mean, if you look over the years, there are some places that are talking about actually limiting customer choice to more sophisticated customers. In other words, there just doesn't seem to be a lot of value that's being driven by these third-party providers in many cases. And is there any talk about that? And anywhere in any of the areas that you operate?
Vince Sorgi: I'm not seeing that yet, Paul. But again, so we've been engaged with our public officials over the last couple of years on trying to get some of these measures implemented, and they haven't to-date, we are continuing to engage with them. I think, it's more pronounced now with what we've seen with wholesale power prices and natural gas prices. So we will continue to engage on behalf of our customers to try to get these wholesale -- or not the wholesale rates, but the rates that third-party suppliers are charging our customers. In many cases, as I said in my prepared remarks, customers are paying a lot more, even more than double our default rate. And you can go out on the PUC's website and actually get prices that are even cheaper than our default rate. And so, it's a huge issue, as you mentioned, and that's why we're spending a lot of time right now on educating our customers to make sure that they know what plans are available, but also to just make sure they really read the fine print and understand the plans that they're entering into and doing what's best for them and their family.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Awesome. Thanks so much. Have a great one.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Seaport. Please, go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Hi, Angie.
Angie Storozynski: Hi. How are you? So I have a question about Kentucky. And it's -- I understand it's a bit premature, I guess. But given the time line for the approval by FERC of the Kentucky Power sale, I think it's increasingly likely that, that transaction doesn't happen. And I'm just wondering, if this asset stays within AP, they're probably going to try to boost its growth profile, which -- that could result in additional coal plant retirements or plans to retire coal plants. And I'm just wondering, how do you think that could impact your pending proposal? I mean, we've been hearing some noise in newspapers in the state about reliability concerns on the back of coal plant retirements? And again, just thinking bigger picture if there were to be more large state utilities with a similar growth path or towards the coal plant retirements, if that could actually derail the process, or do you think actually that could be helpful?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, I'm not sure, I think, it would impact us one way or the other, Angie. I think, again, our CPCN has been designed to strike an appropriate balance with different fuel sources to provide that safe, reliable and affordable energy, while we're replacing 1,500 megawatts, that is reaching our end of lives. We've been very clear that we have not accelerated the retirement of our coal plants. These are plants that are end of life. And -- so our CP, or CPCN, with the commission is really how best to replace that retiring coal generation with the least cost, most reliable sources of energy. And as you know, we have a balance of combined cycle plants in there with solar, with some storage, et cetera. So I don't know that I would see the -- whether the sale process or whether the asset remains with AEP really impacting our process.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then secondly, assuming that you do get the approval, the certificate of -- the certificates from the Kentucky Commission, would you then file a rate case to recover the investment, or the plan would be either see a rider recovery or basically further cut costs to pay for the capital spending and the return on it? Yes. So we do -- we are requesting AFUDC coverage for the capital investments we would be making under the CPCN. So that would provide us with the earnings aspect of making those investments before they go in service. From a cash perspective, again, one of the reasons why we have the balance sheet that we have is it enables us to engage with our regulators to mitigate near-term rate impacts, but at the same time, get the investments done that we know we need to get done. And then we would pick that up in a rate case sometime in the 2026 or later time frame.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly, this point that you brought up about retail choice. So it's kind of an interesting time, right? Because if you think -- I mean, I'm assuming that you guys had procured electricity ahead of time, so you had likely locked in elevated power prices. So wouldn't actually retail choice makes sense to residential customers in this power price environment where power prices have fallen pretty dramatically, as such that there should be a positive differential between what a retailer can offer versus what the incumbent utility offers, no?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, you would think so, Angie. So our price to compare is about $0.0145. There are suppliers out there that are below $0.10 exactly to your point. We've had to procure that power over six, 12, 18 months time horizons in accordance with the PUC process. So yes, so we're not necessarily getting the immediate impact of the precipitous decline in energy prices over the last month or two. Some of our suppliers are, which they're able to provide, like I said, $0.10 contracts, it makes it interesting that many of our customers were paying $0.20 and over $0.30 in December for their third-party supplier energy. So great point.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from David Arcaro of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple of minor questions here. I just wanted to check on the reallocation of the Kentucky Holdco drag, I was just wondering, are there any implications there either from a regulatory perspective or from like a debt refinancing perspective as you shift that into corporate and other, or is it really just as simple as moving around that EPS drag?
Joe Bergstein: Hey, Dave, it's Joe. It's -- there's no implications to either of those. It's really just the reallocation of those costs that we were -- we had been allocating to the Kentucky segment to and really from an investor perspective to align the Kentucky segment to the similar way that we had been reporting Pennsylvania and Rhode Island. So no implications there.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. Great. That's helpful. And then I was just curious, would you expect any ongoing elevated costs or personnel activity or anything like that on the back of the billing issues in Pennsylvania in terms of the call center resources or anything like that, or is it going to be just temporary in terms of response there?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. No, that will be temporary, David. We do have third-party contracts that we can lean on in times of need, which we've done. We've also reallocated some of our existing folks in other departments and train them up on the call center activity. So, yes, of course, the third-party contracts, we could dial those up and down as needed and then our internal resources -- they'll just go back to their other departments when we're through with the call center duties that we have been doing.
David Arcaro: Okay, understood. That’s all I had. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Orrill of UBS. Please go ahead.
Greg Orrill: Yes, thank you. Just with regard to the CPCN, how does the impact of inflation play into that with inflation/supply constraints?
Vince Sorgi: So, those price estimates that are in our CPCN are all based on current pricing. And we ran the RFPs in the summertime. So, those RFP prices are included for solar projects. And again, we're using our internal cost estimates for the combined cycle units and any of the solar that we're proposing that we build. So, I would say cost estimates are up-to-date there. No major issues with having to adjust those with what's in the CPCN.
Greg Orrill: All right. Congratulations.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks Greg.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: And good to hear about the Rhode Island reliability improvements so quick off the bat. Shifting to the gas side in Rhode Island, I know there's that future of gas proceeding ongoing. Just could you talk at a high level how that could impact the spending plans, whether in terms of magnitude or timing?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, it's -- we're early in that process, Paul, as you know. We did put a capital plan together to ensure the safety and reliability of the gas network while we work with the state on the future of gas docket, that will take some time to get through. Again, as we think about the gas networks, not only in Rhode Island, but across the country. We certainly see a future for those as to folks like EPRI and other independent research agencies in terms of the fuel that's flowing through those LDCs may be different. They may not be 100% natural gas. could have renewable natural gas, hydrogen, we could have other sources of fuel flowing through them, but there are certain processes that just don't lend themselves to electrification. And so long-term, while we certainly support and expect there to be a lot more electrification, we also expect there to be a need and a use for gas LDC networks. And so making sure that those networks are safe and reliable now continues to be a top priority, but we will certainly be engaged with the state on the long-term future of that network.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, excellent. Thank you. And one unrelated and I know you may be a little limited in what you can say, but just is there any update on the talent litigation or arbitration now that, that bankruptcy process has wrapped up? I know it's a legacy one, but just hope we can put that one to bit bed sooner rather than later? Thanks.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. There is actually -- we are entering into mediation next week on February 22. That will be before one of the judges in the Texas bankruptcy court. So, yes, there is an update there. We'll be heading into mediation next week.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Thank you very much.
Vince Sorgi: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Kalton of Wells Fargo. Please, go ahead.
Neil Kalton: Hi, guys. Just a question on Rhode Island. Yes. It looks like based on the guidance for 2023 that, if my math is right, it might not be, that you will be significantly under-earning the ROE. So my question is, are the cost savings coming in as expected thus far? And then, in terms of bridging that gap? Is this something that is ultimately going to require regulatory relief in 2026, or can it be accomplished faster?
Joe Bergstein: Hey, Neil, it’s Joe. So a couple of points there. First on the Rhode Island guidance for 2023. I think, we've discussed in the past a few times that we expect to experience some variability or noise in our Rhode Island earnings as we work through the transition period and stand up Rhode Island on our systems and processes. And so, that's what you're seeing here. The primary driver of those lower earnings are due to costs, as we work our way off the TSA, their costs such as staffing up our operations, training our new full-time employees, things like that. I do expect that to normalize once we've completed the TSA period in 2024. And again, we expected this from the outset, and it's been embedded in our projections. And so, our outlook for Rhode Island remains very positive, as we execute the plan, and I certainly expect to see growth there in 2024. As far as the O&M savings that we're projecting for 2023, the $50 million to $60 million, those come predominantly from Pennsylvania and Kentucky for the same reason I talked about in Rhode Island. We're still working our way off those TSAs. So until we're on our systems and processes, we can't really drive O&M savings there through the transition period.
Neil Kalton: Okay. Understood. And do you think by 2025, we're going to be earning close to the allowed there, or is -- it might take a little bit more?
Joe Bergstein: I think, 25% is certainly a normal year. We'll be off the TSAs by that period, sometime in 2024. So we get a clean year in 2025. It will have been some time since the last rate case there. I think National Grid's last rate case was 2018. So we certainly expect to see an improvement in ROEs. We may need a rate case following that. But I think we'll continue to work through the plan and execute what we have in store there and see where we are. But we feel -- again, we feel good about the growth prospects in Rhode Island.
Neil Kalton: Got it. Thank you.
Joe Bergstein: Yes.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, everybody, for joining us. I just want to reiterate, again, really pleased with our 2022 results where we ultimately came in, what we accomplished in 2022 to set us up for 2023 and beyond and just, really remain confident in our ability to deliver on what we've laid out for you all. And I can tell you the entire management team is aligned around the new strategy, and we're really looking forward to delivering it. So, with that, hopefully, we'll see you guys on some of the conference circuits or on MDRs and look forward to chatting with you then.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter 2022 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation on the Investors section of our Web site. We'll begin today's call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer, and conclude with a Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter investor update. Turning to Slide 4. We had another solid quarter of financial results as we execute our Utility of the Future strategy. Today, we announced third quarter reported earnings of $0.24 per share. Adjusting for special items, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.41 per share compared with $0.36 per share a year ago. Based on our strong financial performance year-to-date, today, we increased the midpoint of our earnings forecast from $1.37 per share to $1.40 per share, and narrowed our earnings forecast range to $1.35 to $1.45 per share. Our 2022 earnings guidance reflects a partial year estimate of contributions from Rhode Island Energy, which we acquired on May 25th. Today, we also reaffirmed our projected compound annual earnings per share and dividend growth rates of 6% to 8% through at least 2025. Our per share growth target is based off the midpoint of our pro forma 2022 forecast range of $1.40 to $1.55 per share or $1.48 per share. The pro forma forecast reflects a full year of earnings contribution from Rhode Island Energy. We remain confident in our ability to achieve our growth projections, even in the current macro environment of rising interest rates, high inflation and high commodity costs. At a time when affordability is paramount for our customers, our strategy and strong balance sheet provide PPL significant resilience. Namely, our current business plan does not rely on rate cases to achieve our stated growth targets. We expect to recover about 55% of our current five year CapEx plan through riders and formularate, reducing regulatory lag and supporting continued strong credit metrics. And our strong balance sheet will support growth without the need for equity issuances over the planned period, while providing financial flexibility to effectively manage market volatility. We also continue to execute our business transformation initiatives, focused on driving efficiency, affordability and improved reliability for our customers. As we outlined in our Q2 call, this includes hardening the system, deploying smart grid technology and leveraging data science across our T&D operations, optimizing our generation outage schedules and nonoutage maintenance costs and centralizing shared services while deploying common systems and platforms. We remain confident that we will achieve our planned O&M savings of at least $150 million through 2025 with the potential for additional upside beyond 2025. Bottom line, we believe we are well positioned to weather current economic conditions while driving substantial value for both customers and shareowners. Shifting to a few operational highlights on Slide 5. In Kentucky, we continue to evaluate opportunities to advance the transition of our generation fleet, transition that will offer long term value for our customers and help deliver the clean energy transition in Kentucky. We continue to expect to retire 1,000 megawatts of coal fired generation by 2028, with the potential to retire an additional 500 megawatts due to EPA's Good Neighbor rule. In connection with these expected retirements and following the RFP completed earlier this year, we're targeting a mid-December filing with the Kentucky Public Service Commission, which would include requests for Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity, or CPCN, for any supply side assets that would be owned by us. We're also updating our load forecast to reflect the recent economic development in our service territories, including Ford's EV battery plant as well as updating demand side management and energy efficiency programs to fully address the demand side of the equation. As we evaluate our supply options, we're focusing on solutions that are lease cost and will ensure the reliability our customers need and expect. We anticipate these lease cost solutions will be a combination of company owned resources and power purchase agreements and will include solar, energy storage and combined cycle natural gas. We also expect this generation replacement strategy to significantly improve the carbon intensity of our Kentucky generation fleet. Our mid-December filing will begin a regulatory review process that will conclude with an order from the KPSC. While there is no statutory timing requirement for the KPSC to review a CPCN filing, we would expect to conclude the regulatory review process by the end of 2023. In other updates, our Rhode Island Energy subsidiary expects to file several plans with the Rhode Island Public Utilities Commission by the end of Q4 that will support our customers' evolving energy needs. We've already filed our annual energy efficiency plan in late September, which is critical to our reliability, customer satisfaction, affordability and sustainability objectives. Within the next couple of months, we'll file the company's annual infrastructure, safety and reliability plans for both electric and gas, which will outline our plans to enhance the reliability of state's energy infrastructure while at the same time, preparing the electric grid for more renewable energy, including offshore wind and distributed energy resources. Costs approved through the ISR plan will be recoverable through the ISR rider mechanism, which reduces regulatory lag for these investments between base rate cases. By the end of the year, we also expect to file our advanced metering plans at the Rhode Island PUC, outlining the deployment of advanced meters to our electricity and gas customers in the state. PPL has experience installing almost 3 million advanced meters and realizing the benefits that those meters can provide. We will leverage this experience in Rhode Island and deliver this value for our Rhode Island customers as well. Our advanced metering plan will be foundational for our grid modernization plan, which we also plan to file by year end. The GMP is a longer term strategic initiative we're developing in support of the needs of our customers as we deliver the grid capable of connecting 100% renewable energy by 2033, which is now a law in Rhode Island. And finally, in late October, we announced a strategic partnership with the Elia Group to support the development of transmission solutions for offshore wind in the New England region. Specifically, PPL and Elia signed a memorandum of understanding to jointly develop and propose innovative transmission solutions to integrate offshore wind to the onshore grid. We believe PPL and Elia are uniquely suited to support New England in this regard. Elia has been a clear pioneer in developing offshore transmission grid solutions through its subsidiaries in Belgium and Germany as the company has connected 14 offshore wind farms to the onshore grid. Meanwhile, PPL has established a proven track record of successfully citing, building and operating large transmission projects here in the US. Both of our companies are clear leaders in grid innovation and reliability. And we both share a strong focus on advancing the clean energy future, while keeping energy safe, reliable and affordable. Together, we recently responded to a request for information issued by five New England states that are seeking input on potential transmission system changes and upgrades to integrate future offshore wind generation with current estimates of as much as 30 gigawatts by 2050. Moving forward, we anticipate forming a joint venture with Elia to pursue any potential offshore transmission opportunities that may arise after the RFI. We expect an RFP for proposed transmission projects in New England could be issued as early as third quarter 2023. Many offshore transmission projects stemming from this effort are expected to drive investments beyond 2026, and would be expected to be FERC jurisdictional projects under FERC formula rates. And while we are in the early stages of this process, we're excited to be participating in the process and are optimistic that PPL and Elia can develop innovative and cost effective offshore transmission solutions for New England. Any investments made through this partnership would be incremental to the $27 billion of capital investment opportunities through 2030 that we highlighted at our Investor Day. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 7. We reported 2022 third quarter GAAP earnings of $0.24 per share. Special items in the third quarter were $0.17 per share, primarily due to integration expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy, commitments made during the acquisition process and impacts associated with the sale of Safari, which we announced in late September and closed on earlier this week. Adjusting for these special items, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.41 per share, an improvement of $0.05 per share compared to last year. Another strong quarter brings our year-to-date GAAP earnings to $0.77 per share. Adjusting for year-to-date special items of $0.36 per share, our ongoing earnings results are $1.13 per share through nine months of 2022 compared to $0.83 in 2021. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers on Slide 8. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results improved by $0.01 per share year-over-year, excluding share accretion. The increased earnings in Pennsylvania were driven by lower O&M expenses in the period, primarily from lower storm and support group costs. Our Kentucky segment decreased by $0.01 per share year-over-year, excluding share accretion. The decrease was due to various factors that were not individually significant. The addition of our Rhode Island segment increased earnings by $0.04 per share for the quarter. Results at Corporate and Other were $0.01 lower compared to the prior year due to factors that were not individually significant. Finally, our third quarter results were $0.02 higher due to share accretion resulting from the $1 billion of stock buybacks completed in 2021. Turning to Slide 9. Our results to date support the $0.03 increase in the midpoint of our ongoing earnings forecast to $1.40 per share. As shown on the left of the slide, the primary drivers of the increase in our forecast are at our Kentucky and Rhode Island segments with higher margins due to favorable weather compared to our forecast in Kentucky, as well as lower O&M expenses in both jurisdictions as we execute on our business transformation. Turning to the right part of the slide. We've also narrowed our forecast, increasing the bottom end of the range to $1.35 per share from $1.30 per share given our strong year-to-date performance and only a few months remaining in the year. In closing, our financial results to date reflect the improved low risk profile of the new PPL as we continue to deliver for both customers and shareowners. Our strategic actions have well positioned PPL to achieve those results with an excellent financial foundation and a strong balance sheet to navigate the current macroeconomic environment. And we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our growth projections of 6% to 8% in earnings and dividends through 2025. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In closing, I'm proud of how we continue to execute the strategy we outlined at our Investor Day in June. Across PPL, we are laser focused on creating technology enabled utilities of the future, on delivering the clean energy transition reliably and affordably and on driving long term value for our customers and our shareowners. Our strategy delivers top tier earnings and dividend growth of 6% to 8% annually. And as we said, we remain confident in our ability to deliver this growth. Our growth is supported by $27 billion in investment opportunities through 2030 and one of the strongest balance sheets in our sector. It's anchored in operational efficiencies in the near term with stronger rate base growth driving earnings growth later in the decade. And we firmly believe it's the right strategy at the right time to effectively manage the risks associated with the current macroeconomic environment, while continuing to deliver real value for our customers and shareowners. Across our company, we continue to execute our plans for the new PPL and we're as excited as we've ever been about our future. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: So just a couple of quick ones here. You mentioned again today that a CCGT and some renewables would be leading candidates for new energy and capacity. Has the IRA kind of changed the calculus on your potential ownership of the latter, so being renewables? And I guess, how should we think about scale there?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, it clearly has. So the IRA has clearly improved the competitiveness of company owned renewables versus third party PPA pricing, Shar, right? The PTC optionality there plus the additional tax attribute enhancements for certain types of labor, apprenticeship programs and in our case, we're using coal sites, et cetera. So clearly, the economics are moving in the right direction from where we were before to now post IRA. I don't want to get too far out in front of the filing in terms of how much of the resources we see. But clearly, I think there's an opportunity for solar, storage, combined cycle on the solar and storage side. I think we'll see a combination of PPAs and company owned there and then on the combined cycle, we would expect that to be company owned.
Shar Pourreza: And then just on the Rhode Island filings, Vince, are these sort of the gating mechanisms to maybe potentially narrow that CapEx range you have there? I mean, when you rolled out your plan, the out years had a roughly $200 million range between the bottom and top end. Now that you've been on the system, is this something we could see narrowed or even raised next year?
Vince Sorgi: I think that's a good point. I would say timing wise, Shar, you're probably right. I think we would see that maybe next year with our ability to narrow those ranges. We really want to get through this first regulatory process in the state. So these filings are our first filings in the state, as you know. And so we would expect to get through those kind of mid next year, and that will set us up for a much clearer view of '23, '24.
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just firstly, just I think -- can you size the CapEx dollars for us? Or did I hear you say you don't want to kind of get ahead of the filing in terms of what this might mean. I'm thinking of just the Kentucky generation bucket separately and then Rhode Island separately.
Vince Sorgi: So for Kentucky, I would say the opportunity is probably in the $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion range, Durgesh, in total. The piece that could pull into the five year period would probably be in the $1 billion to $2 billion. So as you know, we had generation replacement in the $15 billion bucket, the $27 billion to $30 billion bucket of our $27 billion. And so as we look at what we're seeing now with the CPCN filing where I think we're going to see some of that pull into '25, '26 as we prepare for '27, 2028 in service dates for some of these options. So $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion total, $1 billion to $2 billion moving potentially into the five year period.
Durgesh Chopra: And how about just the Rhode Island opportunity here? You've got the AMF, the GMV. How should we -- is there a way to kind of handicap what the CapEx upside might be there?
Vince Sorgi: I think the ranges that we provided incorporate what we're talking about with these current filings. And again, once we get through, I think, this first round in the state, we'll be able to narrow that range following next year's -- in next year's update.
Durgesh Chopra: And then just one, hopefully, quickly following up. You have -- am I right in thinking about the balance sheet capacity that whether it's the Kentucky upside or the Rhode Island CapEx upside that you can absorb that without having to issue equity?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. We resized the balance sheet to not only fund the CapEx we had in the plan but those two upsides as well, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: I was just wondering, would you be able to talk about or size the potential upside in transmission CapEx that's outside of the offshore transmission opportunities, if you're seeing any?
Vince Sorgi: Are you specifically referring to Rhode Island or more generally, David?
David Arcaro: More generally, I was thinking.
Vince Sorgi: So we continue to look at transmission across the portfolio in all three of our jurisdictions, continue to see opportunity for additional system hardening, as well as smart grid technology in those networks, primarily in Rhode Island and Kentucky. So definitely see additional opportunity there. I would say in the $27 billion, we have that opportunity in there. Again, that's probably an area where maybe some of that could get pulled in from the back half of the decade into the current five year plan. But that will all be part of our more fulsome update once we get through the regulatory filings in Kentucky and then come out with our normal cadence with our update would be on the year end call in February. But yes, those are all areas that we're looking at.
David Arcaro: And then wondering if you could give an update, just a level of kind of execution risk in achieving the O&M cost cuts in terms of the backdrop that you're seeing right now? And just looking over the next 12 months, what's your level of confidence in being able to kick things off aggressively on that path?
Vince Sorgi: We're feeling very confident in our ability to hit at least the $150 million by 2025. Again, we talked about a potential upside to beyond 2025. Joe talked about for the 2022 forecast, really two main areas there, weather and then O&M. The real source of O&M, both in Rhode Island and Kentucky is the result of our business transformation and centralization efforts. And so I would say we're ahead of schedule on that, David, which is great. And so it just gives us further confidence that we'll be able to at least hit the $150 million going into 2025.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Just curious on the Kentucky generation transformation opportunity, can you remind us how much does that depend on an acceleration of coal plant retirements? And what's your -- like, has your forecast of the timing of shutting down some of the coal plants in the state changed?
Vince Sorgi: So the transformation initiatives in Kentucky are really not, I would say, directly tied to -- well, they're certainly not tied to accelerating our coal plant retirement. So our existing retirement dates other than one unit that we had in 2034 that we think may need to be pulled up into the 2020s as a result of the EPA Good Neighbor rule. But other than that, our existing end-of-life depreciation dates are what's in the plan, Michael. On the transformation initiatives or the O&M reduction initiatives, we're just -- that's enabling us to just be more prudent in how we're looking at outage scheduling and overall O&M on those plants that we’ll be retiring in 2024 and 2028. So there's some linkage there, but I wouldn't say it's really dependent. And then in terms of overall acceleration of coal plant retirements, we're really not factoring that into our update today, again, other than that one 2034 plant and the potential for that to get pulled in. But again, as we see economics continue to change, freight regulation continue to change, that's certainly something that we will continue to keep an eye on. But our existing depreciation dates are really what's driving the CapEx opportunity there.
Michael Lapides: So if you don't build a combined cycle in the next five to seven years, do you see yourself having a shortage of effective base load or non-intermittent generation by the latter part of the decade?
Vince Sorgi: I don't necessarily want to speculate on that, Michael. I think we're kind of finishing the analysis right now for the CPCN. We'll make that filing with the commission and then we'll go through the regulatory process there. So would rather not speculate on what is like that until we get through the process with the commission.
Michael Lapides: So in other words, the CPCN filing will show a supply and demand for the service territories in Kentucky and therefore, will show whether there's a potential -- effectively the supply need?
Vince Sorgi: Absolutely. So we're updating the load forecast. So we're including all of the economic development that we're seeing in the state. So that's an increased load. We're updating our DSM and energy efficiency plan. So that will be a decrease to load. So we'll have a full blown updated load forecast. We'll look at all the capacity that's retiring and then the amount of the capacity and energy required to meet that load on a 24/7 basis. So yes, all of that will be included in the filing, that will all be public on the KPSC's Web site. You'll see all of the input and output assumptions that we made from the modeling that we've done. The only thing we'll do is we'll see confidential protection on any commercially sensitive information like the actual bid prices from the RFP. But other than that, you'll get a very clear picture of the supply need and the lease cost solution to solve that.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America.
Paul Zimbardo: Just want to check on the interest rate side of the house. I know in the past, you've been active on hedging. And just have you added any new additional swaps, hedges, anything like that? Just broadly, if you could comment on comfort about the variable rate exposure?
Vince Sorgi: I'll let Joe take that.
Joe Bergstein: So from a variable rate exposure, about 15% of our consolidated long term debt portfolio is floating rate. So the total debt portfolio is about $13 billion. We feel comfortable with that level of floating rate exposure and really don't see any material impact to the plan from fluctuations that we've seen to date in interest rates. And so maybe I could just make a couple of comments overall on interest rates broadly even outside of the floating rate exposure. We still feel very good about our plan despite the recent rise in interest rates. And obviously, we reaffirmed our long term growth forecast this morning. We've discussed several times and on our Investor Day that we've developed a plan that's low risk and contemplated the macro headwinds that we see, including interest rates. And there are several factors that we have and levers that we have within our plan to help offset the higher rates. Those are tracking mechanisms that we have in our jurisdictions to help mitigate exposure, 55% of our capital runs through some form of tracker or rider. Obviously, we're very focused on operational efficiencies. We have the potential to outperform on our savings targets within this plan period. And then from a load perspective, we've not incorporated any load growth in our current business plan. And we do continue to see load growth in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky. And in Kentucky, we have known incremental upside as well with the economic development that's been announced recently within the state. And then just on Rhode Island, we are decoupled there, so load is not a factor.
Paul Zimbardo: And just following up on the load side actually. I was kind of curious, things seem to be moving around a bit between Kentucky, Pennsylvania. Residential was a little weak in Pennsylvania, but strong Kentucky and the opposite for industrial. So just if you could give a little bit more insight on what you're seeing on the ground?
Vince Sorgi: So I would say in both jurisdictions, the general economy continues to be strong. You're seeing that in Pennsylvania C&I load, even in Kentucky C&I -- commercial is up. Industrial is down in Kentucky really due to one steel manufacturer and this is really just a year-over-year anomaly where last year, there was a lot of pent up demand coming out of the pandemic. And so the production was higher than we've ever seen it. And so we've kind of, I would say, normalized back to normal levels for that one steel customer. And then on -- so really no underlying issues with the economy there. And then you're right, on the residential, we saw a bit of a dip in the third quarter versus last year. We really think that, that's related to just customers' immediate response to the high commodity prices that we're seeing now flow through our bills. So the wholesale prices are up and where we're adjusting our prices accordingly. And so we think there's some level of just conservation going on within the residentials to try to manage their bills there. But again, no underlying impacts around the general economy, and I think that continues to look strong.
Operator: The next question comes from Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Nick Campanella: So I just wanted to ask on the credit side. And I'm sorry if I'm making you repeat yourself. I don't know if I heard it, but just as we think about the kind of potential megawatt additions that you're contemplating in Kentucky. Can you execute on those without additional, call it, growth equity capital?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, we can, Nick.
Nick Campanella: And then just how does IRA kind of affect your credit stance, if at all?
Vince Sorgi: Not a major impact on credit. So really the AMT provision is probably maybe where you're going on that. Again, we don't see any impact on our cash flows coming from the AMT. We generally use our tax attributes. When we sold WPD, we were about a 15% taxpayer in our projections anyway. Of course, they modified the rules there at the very end. There's still a lot of regulation that still needs to come from treasury on the final act. So when we look at it, Nick, really not anticipating any impact on our cash position as a result of AMT. And then on the other provisions, the clean energy provisions, obviously, those are supportive of us being more competitive on company owned renewables versus third party PPAs. But again, that's not going to really drive any credit impacts.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Just a few quick follow-ups. The remuneration component in Rhode Island that I think you guys are foregoing in the RFP. I just wasn't clear why that was taking place, or could you give a little bit more color as to the thought process behind that?
Vince Sorgi: The way the final law came out on that, Paul, was that we were only able to earn that remuneration up until 2026. And if you look at the -- when those contracts will actually come online that would not happen within the window that was allotted in the law. So there really wasn't any reason to try to go after any remuneration when the reality is we wouldn't be able to pick up any given the timing constraints in the law.
Paul Patterson: And then the Elia JV, I read the release, I think, from last week. Just other than Elia's expertise and our experience in Europe. Is there anything else that you can elaborate on in terms of the competitive advantage you guys think that you guys are mentioning today and on the release, I mean, sort of like what do you think -- could you give a little bit more color with respect to that?
Vince Sorgi: Well, I certainly don't want to talk about where we think our competitive advantages would be versus competing bidders in that process. But again, I would just say, given Elia's deep expertise in offshore and our deep expertise in onshore and ISO, understanding of the ISOs and siting, operating and building transmission here in the US. I think our partnership creates a great opportunity for us to bring innovative solutions to New England. But I don't want to get into any more detail on that.
Paul Patterson: I don’t want you guys to give away your competitive advantage. But I just -- could it be anywhere beyond -- I mean, you mentioned New England. But is there any thought of -- anything wider than New England or just New England?
Vince Sorgi: Potentially, there could be opportunity there. Obviously, the New England opportunity is in front of us right now, and that's where we're focused. But again, I think the opportunity for a long term partnership with Elia is certainly there. And given our two skill sets, it's not unique to necessarily to just New England. But clearly, that's where our focus is right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Quick following up on Paul's question earlier on load. You gave some nice detail and I know Rhode Island is decoupled, so it really doesn't matter. But you mentioned you are seeing some residential load cutback maybe because of high builds. Just thought on where you're forecasting load growth in '24 or even in your five year period, if you've provided that.
Vince Sorgi: So our current plan, we have really no load growth built in for [PA] in Kentucky, so we're relatively flat across that period.
Anthony Crowdell: Does the change in residential cause concern on your plan, or do you think it's going to be more temporary and that you'll be able to hit your plan [on fly]?
Vince Sorgi: I think it's likely temporary, but it's also just the way our tariff structures are, Anthony, we're really most heavily weighted to load fluctuations in Kentucky. PA, we do have some impact from load but it's not as impactful as Kentucky just because of the way we have demand charges, fixed charges in PA versus those levels in Kentucky. But what we're seeing in PA, one, I think you're right, that will probably be more of a temporary reaction to the pricing but also just the tariff structure doesn't give us really cause for concern.
Anthony Crowdell: And just lastly, you gave some great detail earlier on, on a lot of CapEx opportunities. if I could just take a step back and wonder. Do you think there's any ability within the current five year plan of changes to the rate base growth rate, or that if those plans come to fruition that, that's more something on the back end of the decade? You talked about AMI, you talked about some RFP in Kentucky. Just is that the ability for that to maybe hit the five year plan?
Vince Sorgi: As I talked earlier, again, I think the total CapEx opportunity in Kentucky is probably in the $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion range, Anthony. But I think $1 billion to $2 billion of that could actually come into the five year period, which obviously would raise rate base growth compared to what our current plan shows.
Operator: The next question comes from David Paz with Wolfe Research.
David Paz: You may have just addressed this, but let me maybe ask it differently. When you update your long term EPS growth outlook in February, will you incorporate the Kentucky CPCN filing into your growth target? And if so, how much do you anticipate the gap between that long term rate base and EPS growth targets to narrow?
Vince Sorgi: Joe, do you want to talk to that?
Joe Bergstein: So we'll incorporate at least some of that CapEx that we would file relative to the CPCN when we update our plan next year. As far as closing the gap between rate base and earnings growth, I think it's a little early to say exactly how much that will close. It will certainly close because if you think about the generation need in Kentucky and those units coming off-line, the whole units coming offline in 2028, we'll need the new generation to be ready to serve load at that time. And so construction would have to start probably beginning in 2025. So I think you'd see incremental capital related to replacement gen in '25 and '26, which certainly would help to close the current gap between rate based growth and earnings growth.
Vince Sorgi: David, I would just say that update will be a fulsome update. So we will not just update it for Kentucky CapEx related to generation, but across the portfolio where we see incremental capital needs. Again, we've talked about transmission in prior questions. So we'll do a fulsome update to Joe's point, that will help close the gap between the two.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thank you. Just want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we're looking forward to seeing everybody at EEI. Stay safe, and we'll see you soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the PPL Corporation’s Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter 2022 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation and our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website. We will begin today’s call with updates from Vince Sorgi, PPL’s President and CEO; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. Greg Dudkin, Chief Operating Officer, will also be available for the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. Before we get started, I will draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL’s SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. I will now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy and good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter investor update. Turning to Slide 4, as we shared with you in June, we are extremely excited about PPL’s compelling investment proposition, which is driven by our strategic repositioning. The completion of the sale of our UK Utility business and acquisition of Rhode Island Energy has derisked the company and created a compelling portfolio of domestic regulated utilities. Our company has one of the best operating track records in the industry. And this operating expertise enables us to further optimize our new portfolio to deliver growth and create shareowner value. The result is a strategy and a new business plan that is anchored in operational efficiencies in the near-term, with stronger rate base growth driving our earnings growth later in the decade, with a total capital investment need of at least $27 billion through 2030. This strategy also keeps affordability front and center as we have committed to stay out of rate cases in Kentucky and Rhode Island until at least mid-2025. We expect our optimization strategy to deliver at least $150 million of O&M savings through 2025. I will discuss these savings opportunities in more detail during today’s presentation, but I want to emphasize that these optimization initiatives were the starting point for our new business plan. We believe this is an effective strategy for the company to manage risks associated with high inflation and high commodity costs, which have increased the cost of energy for our customers. At the same time, our plans support top tier EPS and dividend growth of 6% to 8% per year, with levers that mitigate risk and potentially provide upside. These include incremental O&M savings above the targeted $150 million and higher sales growth relative to the assumptions that we modeled in our plan. We also developed the capital investment plans required to deliver a more reliable and resilient network and to advance a clean energy future for our customers, while earning near our allowed returns by 2025. We see potential opportunities to invest more than our $12 billion capital plan over the next 5 years with incremental upside opportunity stemming from the federal Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act or the IIJA. Importantly, about 55% of our current 5-year CapEx plan is expected to be recovered from riders and formula rates, significantly mitigating regulatory lag and supporting our credit metrics. This positions us to maintain a strong balance sheet, which will fuel organic growth without the need for equity issuances throughout our plan period. We also have an opportunity to lead the clean energy transition as we move through the plan period and begin to make the necessary investments to effectively transition our coal-fired generation fleet in Kentucky. This is a massive opportunity for both customers and shareowners and is a pivotal part of our broader clean energy strategy. In addition to delivering the utilities of the future, utilities that are designed to efficiently enable and manage distributed energy resources and large-scale renewables connected to our networks. We are on the leading edge of these efforts with the work we have done in Pennsylvania and are confident this proven strategy will continue to drive further savings and capital investment opportunities moving forward, even in Pennsylvania where it is already well underway. We have combined this innovative approach with our culture of delivering operational excellence. And we have a superior track record, which we demonstrated with the Pennsylvania playbook slides on our Investor Day call. In summary, we are excited to translate our track record of best-in-class operational excellence into top-tier returns for our shareowners. The actions we have taken over the past 18 months were designed to do just that, and I am confident they will. We have hit the ground running with the new PPL. My team and I are ready and committed to deliver for our customers and our shareowners. Turning to Slide 5 and the highlights of our second quarter results. Today, we announced second quarter reported earnings of $0.16 per share. Adjusting for special items, second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.30 per share compared with $0.19 per share a year ago. The strong second quarter earnings have us solidly on track to achieve the earnings guidance we shared during our Investor Day. And today, we reaffirmed our 2022 ongoing earnings forecast range of $1.30 to $1.45 per share with a midpoint of $1.37 per share. This forecast reflects a partial year estimate of contributions from Rhode Island Energy following our completion of the acquisition on May 25. Today, we also reaffirmed our projected compound annual earnings per share and dividend growth rates of 6% to 8% through at least 2025. Our per-share growth target is based off the midpoint of our 2022 pro forma forecast range of $1.40 to $1.55 per share or $1.48 per share. The pro forma forecast range reflects a full year of earnings contributions from Rhode Island Energy. In addition to delivering strong quarterly results, we have also been hard at work, enabling the asset optimization and centralization plans that will drive our O&M savings targets. I will discuss the details of these initiatives on the next slide. The final major highlight, I’ll note this morning is the RFP that LG&E and KU recently issued for replacement generation in Kentucky. As a reminder, the companies expect to retire at least 1,000 megawatts of coal-fired generation by 2028. The RFP is open to a variety of generation sources, which I will touch on further in a few minutes. Turning to Slide 6. As I mentioned, our strategy moving forward focuses on efficiency and affordability, as we build the networks and make the investments necessary to deliver a clean energy future. Today, we are providing more detail on the savings opportunities that support our strategy. We expect to deliver $50 million to $60 million or about a third of the savings target in 2023. As our investments in technology take shape, we expect the savings to step up to a cumulative total of $120 million to $130 million by the end of 2024, achieving the full $150 million of targeted savings by the end of 2025. The timing and ranges reflect our planned implementation of various systems and processes, including the further use of data science to become more efficient. Turning to the right side of the slide, there are two key areas to this optimization strategy, operations and shared services. Regarding operations, the first piece is replicating our Pennsylvania playbook for electric T&D operations across Kentucky and Rhode Island, which we expect will drive about $80 million of savings by 2025. To accomplish this objective, we will deploy smart grid technology to enhance reliability and reduce costs and leverage data science to maximize our resource allocation. We are also improving our vegetation management approach, leveraging models and satellite imagery to assess individual predictions of risk, such as when a tree canopy is expected to reach a certain power line, it will need to be trimmed or cut down. We have spent several years honing our PA playbook and we’ve built our electric T&D operating model to be scalable. Over the past decade, we grew our Pennsylvania rate base and earnings at about 10% a year, all while keeping O&M relatively flat, offsetting about $100 million of inflation over that period and driving significant improvements in reliability and customer satisfaction. At the same time, we built one of the nation’s most advanced energy network, one that incorporates self-healing technology and supports the growth of renewable energy. We believe the best is yet to come as we replicate our PA playbook enterprise-wide, with additional upside as we continue to find ways to scale technology and drive further innovation. Another key source of O&M savings in our T&D operations will be the opportunity to leverage advanced technologies and our customer service function. This includes expanding and improving convenient self-service options for customers that reduces call handling and improves customer satisfaction. We’re also projecting lower O&M in other areas of our operations, including the generation and gas LDC businesses, totaling about $35 million by 2025. We see the majority of this opportunity through greater efficiency in our generation fleet, including outage optimization and coal plant retirements. The second area of focus is the centralization of shared services, which includes the consolidation of our supply chain function and IT systems and platforms. We expect to drive savings in this area of about $35 million by 2025. By deploying common systems and platforms across our operations, we expect to reduce software and licensing costs and improve overall operating efficiency. This also includes leveraging our increased buying power from centralized supply chain operations to procure equipment and materials enterprise-wide, as well as other savings from consolidating our other shared services functions. In summary, we believe our strategy, which leverages operating efficiency, data science and advanced technology, differentiates PPL by supporting competitive earnings and dividend growth of 6% to 8%, while remaining focused on affordability as we make the investments needed to deliver the clean energy transition. We’re confident we will achieve our O&M reduction targets, as they are driven by a proven operating model, are technology driven and are spread over several areas of the business over several years, with achievable targets and plans in each area. Turning to Slide 7. We continue to evaluate opportunities to advance the transition of our Kentucky generation fleet, which presents an exceptional investment opportunity. Under our current plan, we expect to retire 1,000 megawatts of coal by 2028 and an additional 1,000 megawatts by 2035. As we plan for the future, we continue to evaluate supply options and technologies that will best deliver value for our customers over the long-term, while advancing cleaner sources and maintaining secure, reliable and low-cost energy in the state, which is key to supporting Kentucky’s robust economic development. As I noted earlier, LG&E and KU recently issued an RFP for replacement generation to address potential EPA regulations, load growth, coal plant retirements, and greater diversification of our Kentucky generation portfolio. The RFP is open to a variety of generation sources, including renewables, battery storage and peaking or baseload natural gas. We’re seeking proposals for capacity and energy to be available, no earlier than 2025. Proposals are due in mid-August, and we expect to complete our evaluation by the end of October. This will allow us to submit our required regulatory filings either in Q4 of this year or Q1 of 2023. Results from the RFP will also inform further analysis we’re undertaking regarding the transition of our coal-fired fleet to cleaner sources, based on our continued engagement with shareowners. This analysis will include various clean energy scenarios, including an assessment of the financial and operational implications of achieving an 80% clean energy portfolio by 2030. We expect to complete the analysis and share our results by the end of the year. As you know, we issued two significant reports in the fall of 2021 with our Integrated Resource Plan and Climate Assessment report. This latest analysis, to be completed later this year, reflects our continued evaluation of clean energy transition options. Lastly, on this slide, I would note that we continue to closely monitor the EPA’s proposed regulations for potential impacts to our transition plan, including the Good Neighbor rule. The Good Neighbor rule could potentially advance nearly 500 megawatts of coal-fired retirements from 2034 into the 2026 to 2028 time frame. As a result, we are closely monitoring that regulation, which we expect will become final later this year or in 2023. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 9, as Vince noted, we reported 2022 second quarter GAAP earnings of $0.16 per share. Special items in the second quarter were $0.14 per share, primarily due to integration expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy. Adjusting for these special items, second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.30 per share, an improvement of $0.11 per share compared to last year. The strong quarter brings our year-to-date GAAP earnings to $0.53 per share. Adjusting for special items of $0.18 per share, our ongoing earnings results are $0.71 per share through the first half of 2022 compared to $0.47 in the first half of 2021. As Vince mentioned, these results put us firmly on track to achieve our 2022 earnings forecast of $1.30 to $1.45 per share. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers on Slide 10, our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results improved by $0.03 year-over-year, excluding accretion. The increased earnings in Pennsylvania were primarily driven by higher peak transmission demand and returns on additional capital investments in transmission. Our Kentucky segment also improved by $0.03 per share year-over-year excluding accretion. The increase was primarily due to higher base retail rates effective July 1, 2021, and higher sales volumes, primarily due to favorable weather. Partially offsetting these increases were higher O&M expenses, primarily due to plant outages and storm restoration costs, and higher depreciation due to additions to PP&E. Our Rhode Island segment earned $0.01 per share for the quarter, reflecting our 1 month of ownership. Results at Corporate and Other were $0.03 higher compared to the prior year, driven by lower interest expense primarily resulting from the recapitalization of the balance sheet following the sale of WPD. Finally, we experienced $0.01 increase in our second quarter 2022 EPS due to share accretion resulting from the $1 billion of buybacks completed in 2021. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I’ll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. As I said at the outset of my remarks, I’m excited about the prospects for the new PPL. Through our strategic transactions, we’ve positioned the company to deliver consistent, sustainable, top-tier returns for our share owners, and exceptional results for our customers. We look forward to seeing many of you during our upcoming marketing events over the next few months, as we continue to share our story. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi. Good morning, Vince. Thanks for the update. Just wanted to kick things off with the Inflation Reduction Act, your peers have kind of talked about implications. Maybe – I know it’s pretty early, but just what are you thinking of the tax credits – the generation tax credits and then the impacts on cash taxes of the alternative minimum tax?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, sure. So for the most part, we think the act is positive for the company. First, the ability to elect the production tax credit instead of the ITC for solar will improve economics of our self-build options as we look at renewables as a potential source of replacement generation in Kentucky. In addition, the extension of the renewable tax credit should lower the cost of renewables overall. That will be good for not only our RFP process in Kentucky, but also our customers in Rhode Island as we procure clean energy to meet the 100% renewable energy by 2033 requirement that was just enacted into law up in Rhode Island. As you know, we are now a federal cash taxpayer. So we’re not anticipating the 15% AMT provision to have a significant impact on our business, so no real headwind there. And then I just think the transferability provisions around tax credits, also makes it more likely that renewables will be built. And that will also be good in general for the industry and for accelerating our clean energy transition, simplifies the structure of the deals significantly.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. What effective cash tax rate are you currently at?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Joe, do you want to?
Joe Bergstein: Yes. So I would kind of expect it to be around the 15% range through the planning period.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. Alright. So the EMT is not going to impact the cash flow sort of metrics in the plan. Okay. Then just switching gears to the – and by the way, thank you for sharing the details on Slide 6 on the O&M trajectory. That’s really helpful by year. Just switching to Slide 7 really quickly on the Kentucky RFP, so what are the next steps in terms of after the regulatory filing that is in Q4 this year or early next year? What do we expect a form of approval for the Commission, or what are the kind of things that we should be watching for?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, there could be various filings that we will need to make. It will really depend, Durgesh, on the generation replacement strategy. So, to the extent we are – we are going to be building generation. We will need a CPCN for that, and that will go into the Commission. There will be a period of months’ approval process. There is no statutory requirement on that, but it will take some months for the commission to get through that. If it’s through PPAs for renewable energy, those contracts also require approval from the Commission. And so the form of the filings will take shape depending on the ultimate generation source that we come up with in terms of that replacement generation, but both generally will require filings.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And then just one last one, and I will pass the opportunity for others to ask questions. Any of this CapEx coming out of these RFPs would be incremental to your current line, correct?
Vince Sorgi: It’s incremental to the $12 billion in the 5-year CapEx plan. We do have $1 billion to $2 billion of CapEx for generation replacement in the $27 billion that we showed through 2030.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thanks guys.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: And the next question is from Ryan Greenwald from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ryan Greenwald: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Vince Sorgi: Hi Ryan.
Ryan Greenwald: Good morning. I appreciate the time. Just to maybe piggyback on Durgesh’s question around the IRA. How do you – how does this kind of influence the way you guys think about unregulated renewables?
Vince Sorgi: I mean obviously, it will help the economics around that business. Again, it’s a very small component of our overall business. So, I don’t see it turning Safari into a material driver of our earnings in the near-term. But obviously, it will simplify the deal structures and make those projects more economic.
Ryan Greenwald: Understood. Thank you. And then any initial expectations on benefits that could accrue to you guys from the recent move by the governor to reduce the tax rate in Pennsylvania and how that could kind of factor into rate case dynamics and how long you guys are able to stay out?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. I will let Joe talk about the specifics on that. I mean the reduction going from 9.99% to 4.99% is over a period of years. I think it concludes in 2031. So, in any 1 year, the impact isn’t too significant. But Joe, do you want to talk to that?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, sure. So, the current corporate income tax rate in Pennsylvania is 9.99%. That’s going to be reduced to 8.99% on January 1, 2023. And then from there, it decreases by 0.5 percentage point annually until it reaches 4.99% in 2031, has been said. So, the impact is not material. I don’t think that it would impact our rate case timing or strategy around that. Certainly, we will have to see what the PUC would do regarding the reduction, but it’s not a material impact to the business.
Vince Sorgi: But it’s good. We are glad to see the reduction in the rate just for general business purposes. It’s good to see for sure.
Ryan Greenwald: Absolutely. I will leave it there. Thanks so much.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks Ryan.
Operator: And the next question is from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Congrats on a good quarter. I look forward to seeing you next week. I had a question about O&M savings, which is you used the language in today’s slide deck of at least $150 million targeted by 2025. Do you see upside to that $150 million? And if so, kind of where do you think that upside kind of which of the buckets could that emerge from?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, as we have discussed, the – if you look at the disclosure that we provided on the Investor Day and you take the benchmarking metrics that we had just for the T&D operations, where EU was just outside the top quartile and Kentucky and Rhode Island were in the third quartile. The ability to move Rhode Island and Kentucky to where EU is today and then, of course, we are projecting to move EU into the first quartile, that is worth more than $150 million. In addition to that, we have the generation reductions that we are disclosing today. So the opportunity is more than the $150 million. The $150 million through 2025 is what we believe is achievable through 2025, given the integration efforts that are ongoing in Rhode Island, which takes a significant amount of attention and resources from both our company and National Grid to get all that done in the 2-year timeframe. So, that’s why we have indicated we believe there is further optimization opportunity beyond 2025. And if there is opportunity to extract more than that through 2025, we could see that either being used as a potential offset to inflationary pressures, if that continues to persist, and ultimately has an impact on our plan. To-date, it hasn’t had a material impact. But if that were to shift, we think that upside could help to offset that or it could provide upside to the EPS growth rate.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you for that. And then one question, the Good Neighbor Rule. Can you just walk us through how you think about whether – if the rule was finalized as proposed by the EPA, and I know we are still in the comment period and so forth, so we have some time. But just curious, how you are thinking about – does that impact energy that would come from existing coal plants, or do you think more of it as it would drive more of your existing coal plants into retirement and therefore, create a need for both energy and capacity?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, the Good Neighbor Rule is basically the cross-state pollution rule. And so from our perspective, it’s really around back-end technology and the need for – so we still have a plant that’s scheduled to retire in 2034 that would require some back-end pollution control equipment under this proposed rule. And so Michael, what we would have to do based on the final language in that is determine, write the most economic way to address that regulation. And so it could drive that plant being retired sooner or it could require some other solution, but we really need to wait for that rule to be finalized to determine the best way in which we would address that. But it certainly could drive us potentially to retire that plant sooner than 2034.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And if I think about just the timeline of this, the RFPs that are already underway in Kentucky, probably don’t address the incremental potential coal retirement that could get moved up that you would either – if you needed to replace that coal plant, you would either have to host another RFP sometime next year or the following?
Vince Sorgi: I don’t think so. I mean we are getting a number of responses. And so really, I think what you are describing is are we replacing 1,000 megawatts or 1,500 megawatts of coal capacity, and we will just stack the responses accordingly to come up with the most economic way to address either 1,000 megawatts or 1,500 megawatts. So, that’s how we are thinking about it. I don’t think we would have to run another RFP.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And the incremental megawatts is just an extra 500 megawatts?
Vince Sorgi: It’s just shy of 500 megawatts, is the capacity of that plant.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciate it.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. Thanks Michael.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Hi Gregg.
Gregg Orrill: Hey. Thank you. Just a follow-up on if you might be able to do at a state what the Pennsylvania regulatory strategy is, or do you have a rate case that you are thinking about?
Vince Sorgi: So, as I think Joe discussed on our Investor Day call, we don’t have an imminent rate case in the plan for Pennsylvania. That is something we always look at when we look at all of our jurisdictions. Of course, we have committed to staying out of base rate cases both in Rhode Island and Kentucky, at least until mid-2025. We do not have that commitment in Pennsylvania. Again, based on the optimization strategy, we think we can hold off a bit in PA, but that’s something that we are always looking at when the best time to go in is. So, just to reiterate what Joe said, we don’t have anything imminent in the plan.
Gregg Orrill: Alright. Thanks. Congratulations.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks Gregg.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks everyone for joining the call and we look forward to seeing many of you as we are out doing marketing over the next couple of months. So, thanks again for joining.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the PPL Corporation's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference call over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Andrew Ludwig: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the PPL Corporation Conference Call on First Quarter 2022 Financial Results. We provided slides for this presentation in our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website.  Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation today contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements.  We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix.  Participating on our call this morning are Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer; and Greg Dudkin, Chief Operating Officer.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our first quarter investor update. Moving to Slide 3 and the agenda for today's call. I'll begin this morning with highlights of our first quarter performance and an update on the status of our planned acquisition of Narragansett Electric in Rhode Island. Joe will then provide a detailed review of first quarter financial results. And as always, we'll leave ample time for your questions.  Turning to Slide 4. Today, we announced first quarter reported earnings of $0.37 per share. Adjusting for special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.41 per share compared with $0.28 per share a year ago. These results were in line with our expectations and provide a strong start to the year as we remain focused on repositioning PPL for long-term growth and success.  Moving to Rhode Island, we received approval in late February from the Rhode Island division of Public Utilities and Carriers to acquire Narragansett Electric from National Grid. In its detailed decision, the division found that PPL met the statutory standard for approval.  The Rhode Island Attorney General's office appealed the division's order to the state's Superior Court and obtained a stay of the approval until the appeal could be heard.  On April 26, the superior court heard oral arguments on the Attorney General's appeal. The Attorney General contends that the division misapplied the statutory standard for approval and in particular, the state's public interest requirement. The Attorney General also contends that the division failed to adequately consider Rhode Island's act on climate in its analysis decision.  We disagree and believe the extensive record and evidence in this case demonstrate that the division properly applied the statutory standard and correctly approved the transaction.  At the April 26 hearing, the Attorney General's office asked Judge Stern to remand the matter back to the division with instructions to address the issues raised by the Attorney General. The Attorney General's office did not ask the judge to reverse or vacate the decision. We anticipate Judge Stern will issue a decision on the appeal relatively soon because he publicly stated that a quick and timely resolution of this matter is in the best interest of all parties.  In the meantime, we are actively engaged in settlement discussions with the Attorney General's office and remain prepared to close promptly with National Grid. As we've shared all along, we are eager and excited about the opportunity to work with the talented team at Narragansett Electric to drive significant value for Rhode Island customers and support the state's decarbonization efforts.  We continue to believe Narragansett Electric is an excellent for PPL and that PPL is an excellent fit for the state of Rhode Island. We remain confident that we will reach a positive outcome in the proceeding.  Given the pending litigation, we are not in a position to provide additional details at this time. And I have said all I can say about this matter on today's call. I appreciate you respecting the process when we get to the Q&A session.  Turning to Slide 5 and a few operational highlights. Our Kentucky Utilities continue to seek opportunities to advance clean energy options and support Kentucky's growing economic development. In late February, LG&E and KU joined the state's new Hydrogen Hub initiative, which focuses on making hydrogen a low-carbon solution for the future. The initiative is part of a new energy strategy announced last fall by Kentucky Governor, Andy Beshear and the Kentucky Energy and Environment Cabinet.  LG&E and KU's commitment to promote hydrogen supports a key pillar of PPL's clean energy strategy, which is to drive digital innovation and R&D to enable new technologies. The commitment is also consistent with our sponsorship of EPRI's Low-Carbon Resources Initiative, and LG&E and KU's partnership with the University of Kentucky Center for Applied Energy Research. EPRI's Low-Carbon Resources Initiative seeks to advance clean energy technology and low carbon energy carriers such as hydrogen.  Meanwhile, LG&E and KU's carbon capture partnership with the University of Kentucky, includes a novel project focused on capturing CO2 from natural gas combined cycle plants and directly from the air as well as producing hydrogen and oxygen as value-added streams. We're excited to join this new Hydrogen Hub initiative and we will continue to engage with the Kentucky administration and other stakeholders as the state's clean energy strategy evolves.  We're also very excited to support continued economic development in Kentucky, which is coming off a banner year for attracting new business and manufacturing in the state. As we highlighted on our third quarter call, Kentucky's success in 2021 included Ford's announcement that it will build a $6 billion battery manufacturing complex within our LG&E and KU service territories. The complex to be built in Glendale, Kentucky will help put the state at the forefront of the auto industry's transformation to electric vehicles, and the state has called it the single-largest economic development project in its history.  In support of this effort in Glendale, Kentucky Utilities recently requested regulatory approval to build 2 345 kv and 2 138 kv power lines and 2 new substations. LG&E plans to construct an interconnection gas regulation facility and nearly half mile of gas lines to serve the Glendale project. The estimated capital cost to support the Glendale economic development project is $150 million to $200 million. The Kentucky Public Service Commission has set a procedural schedule that will support our ability to meet Ford's construction time line.  In addition to these initiatives, we also remain focused on advancing technology and innovation. Each of our utilities were recently recognized for these efforts by EPRI, winning technology transfer awards. In Pennsylvania, PPL Electric Utilities received this award for application of an adaptive tool, which, through automation, further increases the overall safety, reliability and efficiency of the electric grid. This tool expands on one of the most advanced grids in the nation as we continue to develop a safer, smarter, self-healing grid of the future.  In Kentucky, LG&E and KU were recognized for the use of EPRI's electrification portfolio assessment tool to identify high-impact electrification technologies to reduce natural gas use and related emissions. This technology research project identified more than 1 million-megawatt hours of electrification opportunities for LG&E and KU industrial and commercial customers to reduce emissions and lower costs.  These awards are just another example of our continued efforts to lead in the research and development space while progressing towards our sustainability goals.  Across our businesses, we are also very focused on improving the customer experience by expanding self-service options, and our progress in this area continues to be well received by our customers. In February, PPL Electric Utilities ranked first in J.D. Power's annual Utility Digital Experience Study. The study assesses how customers interact online and through mobile apps with the 36th largest electric, natural gas and water utilities in the U.S.  PPL Electric's score in the study improved significantly in 2022, while the majority of the companies surveyed experienced declining scores. Improving customers' digital experience is yet another way we continue to use technology to drive value for our customers.  Shifting to our final update on Slide 5. We continue to make progress across PPL in advancing key environmental, social and governance initiatives. On April 14, we published our annual sustainability report, which addresses our approach to a wide range of ESG issues and highlights our 2021 performance and progress.  As highlighted in the report, we have expanded on our commitment to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by committing to not burn unabated coal by 2050. This new commitment reflects our continued discussion and expectations around the future of our coal fleet and its transition.  Based on our current retirement schedule, we expect our coal capacity to be reduced from just over 4,700 megawatts today to approximately 550 megawatts in 2050. The 550 megawatts are associated with our highly efficient Trimble County 2 coal-fired facility, which was completed in 2011.  There are any number of technology developments, regulatory mandates or circumstances that could impact the timing of the end of this plant's economic life. We believe that research and development is key to our clean energy future and fully expect that innovation, technological advances and the relative economics of other cleaner energy sources will support the company's commitment to not burn unabated coal at this facility by 2050.  In other highlights from our sustainability report, we created and filled a new Chief Diversity Officer position to lead our DEI strategy enterprise-wide and build on the progress we made in 2021.  Finally, I would note that we have added political contributions to the oversight function of our Board's Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee. PPL's transparent disclosures in this area have earned us a trendsetter ranking by the CPA Zicklin Index, which benchmarks the political disclosures and accountability policies and practices of leading U.S. public companies. Oversight by the Governance, Nominating and Sustainability Committee will further strengthen our governance in this area.  That concludes my strategic and operational overview. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?
Joseph Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. I'll cover our first quarter segment results on Slide 6. As Vince noted, we reported 2022 first quarter GAAP earnings of $0.37 per share. Special items in the first quarter were $0.04 per share, primarily due to integration expenses associated with the planned acquisition of Narragansett Electric. Adjusting for these items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.41 per share.  Turning to the ongoing segment drivers. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.19 per share, a $0.03 year-over-year increase. The improved earnings results in Pennsylvania were primarily driven by higher peak transmission demand, returns on additional capital investments in transmission and higher sales volumes. The increases were partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense, including higher-than-expected storm costs.  Turning to our Kentucky segment, we earned $0.25 per share in the first quarter, $0.07 increase over comparable results 1 year ago. The increase was primarily due to higher base retail rates effective July 1, 2021. Partially offsetting this increase was higher depreciation due to additions to PP&E.  Results at Corporate and Other were $0.03 higher compared to the prior year. Factors driving earnings results at Corporate and Other primarily included lower interest expense, primarily resulting from the recapitalization of the balance sheet following the sale of WPD.  Finally, included in the segment results, as reflected on this slide, is a $0.02 increase in our first quarter 2022 EPS due to share accretion resulting from the $1 billion of buybacks completed in 2021.  That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Vince for some closing comments.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. As I noted earlier in my remarks, we continue to work diligently through the state appeals process in Rhode Island. While the appeal has delayed the closing of the acquisition, we are confident we will complete this transaction, and we look forward to introducing a new PPL, a PPL that is built for the future, an innovative, best-in-class utility operator positioned to deliver competitive earnings and dividend growth, backed by one of the strongest balance sheets in our sector, employees to lead the clean energy transition, while keeping energy service affordable and reliable for our customers.  And we continue to look forward to sharing a strategic update, including long-term growth projections at an Investor Day following the Rhode Island closing.  With that, operator, let's open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question today comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So Vince, starting, I guess, with Rhode Island, if the Superior Court rules in favor -- in your favor, I guess, the AG could appeal to the state Supreme Court. Any general thoughts on timing if that were to occur? Is it an immediate filing? And then would you wait for the court to deny your stay? I assume you would not close while this process is still underway, right?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, Shar. Let me just reiterate that we are in active litigation in Rhode Island. And as I said, we're engaged in settling discussions with the Rhode Island AG's office. So I really can't say any more than what I've already said in my prepared remarks.  I'll just reiterate that we're confident that we'll close the transaction in a timely fashion and again, look forward to rolling out the new PPL at an Investor Day shortly following the close. But look, I appreciate that you may have some questions about the matter, but I really need you to respect where we are in this process.
Shahriar Pourreza: No, that's fair. I appreciate that. And then just maybe a question for Joe on housekeeping. Can you just remind us on what the approximate unallocated cash balance is at this point, following the buybacks, which you just highlighted in the 3Q CapEx increase that you had? I guess how are you thinking about the toggle between buybacks and more CapEx as we approach the finish line here in Rhode Island?
Joseph Bergstein: Yes. So Shar, we'll lay out all the details at the Investor Day when we have it. I mean clearly, we have cash available for the acquisition of NECO when we conclude that process. But anything beyond that, we'll discuss at the Investor Day.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. And then just one last one for me and I'll jump back in the queue. It's just as we're thinking about the Analyst Day, the topic of Kentucky does pop up here and there. And obviously, there's a trajectory that's out there with the prior IRP that's filed. But is there an opportunity to maybe take a slightly more aggressive approach as you're thinking about the coal outlook within that state versus what you just recently filed?
Vincent Sorgi: Well, I'll just say that at the Investor Day, we'll provide a comprehensive update on the company's outlook, our strategy -- and again, we're calling it the new PPL for a reason, Shar. So I know it's been a while since we've had some detailed financial projections out there, but we're really looking forward to laying all of this out for the market. It will provide the investment opportunities in each of the jurisdictions, where we see the near-term and long-term growth going and really, how that translates into our earnings and dividend growth projections. So we'll cover all of that at the Investor Day for sure.
Shahriar Pourreza: No, that's helpful. I mean I think there's some trepidations around what the base earnings could be and what you would grow off of that. So it would be very welcome.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I'll just say, look, we're focused on growing -- having our earnings growth very competitive, and we'll lay all that out at Investor Day. We're confident we're going to deliver.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: I just wanted to follow up on Kentucky actually again and just thinking through the portfolio and the amount of undepreciated book value that's kind of still in rate base today. Can you -- I don't know if you would be able to kind of quantify that now or not, but that would be helpful.  And then just thinking through the options for long-term retirements or even any potential acceleration, can you just discuss the framework that's in place there because I believe it's changed since you came out of the most recent rate case there?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So on the retirements, we have the 2024 retirement and then additional retirements in 2028 and then the next round are in kind of the mid-2030s as outlined in the IRP. We are actively engaged with the commission and other parties responding to questions around the IRP. But as we think about really the 2028 retirements going from kind of the theoretical that was in the IRP, again, that's a point in time analysis, to actually putting together the generation replacement plan, we're actively working on that now. That will become part of the interaction that we have with various stakeholders around the IRP. Ultimately, that will culminate in a CPCN probably within the next year around what we think that generation replacement will look like.  But Nick, to your point, there's opportunity to look at those retirement dates and potentially pull those in, but those will all be part of the CPCN request that we'll be working on here in the near term.  Joe, anything you want to add on the rest of his question?
Joseph Bergstein: I think, Nick, the other part of your question was the current rate base and that's -- that was the other part of your question. That's about $5 billion today.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay, $5 billion. I appreciate that. And then just core business today, what are you seeing in terms of just inflation impacts? How are you feeling on labor pressures, financing costs and just how should we kind of be thinking about how that affects the base business today?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Well it's certainly an area that we're keeping an eye on. In both PA and Kentucky, we've seen some increase in prices due to inflation. However, we expect to be able to manage that. Really, where you're seeing the largest impact of inflation is on the cost of energy. So the energy purchases, the fuel purchases. And even though they don't necessarily impact the P&L because those are pass-through costs, they certainly impact affordability for our customers and that continues to be a key area that we're focused on in ensuring that our energy remains affordable for our customers.  So one of the key aspects of our business plan, and we'll get into a lot more detail on this at the Investor Day, is to drive efficiency across the entire business. Some of the -- parts of that strategy are centralizing our shared services functions. We're further leveraging our supply chain function and as we talked about, continuing to use technology and work optimization to reduce our overall cost.  On the affordability side, in addition to just maintaining and driving efficiency across the enterprise on the cost side, we are very focused on ensuring that our customers are aware of all the programs that are available to them as they think about paying their utility bills and we'll likely need to provide flexible payment plans to our customers just like we did during the pandemic.  So all of these activities, Nick, we think are going to serve us well in this inflationary environment as, again, we continue to look to maintain affordability for our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: One brief one. Just when you talk to a competitive earnings and dividend growth rate, I would say the average in the sector right now is 5% to 7% generally. Is that kind of a fair reflection of what you see as the average in the sector?
Vincent Sorgi: Sorry, Steve, you cut out when you stated your range or number. Say it again.
Steven Fleishman: 5% to 7% generally viewed as the average, I'd say right now. Is that kind of the bogey that you would be looking to?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Well, that's consistent with what we see as well, yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Vince, tough outcome on Tuesday. So hopefully, get better luck tonight. Just, I guess, quickly on, I guess, Slide 4. And I don't know if you could answer this, and if you can't, just please tell me, but on one of the bullets you highlighted the Attorney General is requesting just, I guess, remand with instruction versus vacating the approval decision. I guess what is the distinction there that you're trying to make on that bullet?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So Anthony, that just means that the Attorney General's office is not looking for the judge to strike down in totality the decision that the division made to approve the transaction and then we basically start from scratch. What was requested was that they remand the decision back to the division with instruction to address the issues that the Rhode Island Attorney General's office had. So it's just making reference to what was being requested by the Attorney General's office. It's not a complete redo.
Anthony Crowdell: So they're -- so am I -- fair to say from that bullet, that there's actually no challenge to actually -- there's no challenge to the DPUC approval, but the DPUC approved the transaction, and right now, there's no pending legal, I guess, matter that's challenging that approval that DPUC gave?
Vincent Sorgi: No. No, as I said in my prepared remarks, really the 2 issues that the Attorney General's office is challenging within the decision is whether or not the act on climate was adequately reviewed and analyzed in providing the approval and then whether the public interest requirement was met. So those were the 2 primary challenges that the Attorney General had around the decision.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then lastly, if I can just pivot, I guess, to maybe Pennsylvania. It's on kind of like customer bill impact and will load growth be impacted. If I think in Pennsylvania, I think customers maybe had an increase in December due to higher commodity prices. And then I believe new rates go into effect in June, so you get a kind of a pancake of maybe a sizable increase. I guess one is, what level of increase are you forecasting customers may face in Pennsylvania in June versus maybe a year ago? And then do you think that could impact either customer load growth looks very attractive when I look on the slides or maybe if it postpones any CapEx, and I'll leave it at that.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I'll -- Greg, do you want to talk to that? I mean, at a high level, the increases are significant as you're describing. As we know, commodity prices are way up this year versus last year. And again, that's a pass-through cost for us, but it's upwards this year versus last around -- could be as much as 50%, 60%. So it is very significant. We are actively reaching out to our customers to help them, whether it's shopping or as I talked earlier about flexible payment plans, et cetera, so making sure that they have a full suite of options at their disposal.  When you look at the total increase, it's really the generation side, Anthony. I think T&D is actually going down. So it's really a generation issue, but it's certainly an area that we're focused on helping our customers deal with.  But Greg, any further details or insights you have on that?
Gregory Dudkin: Yes. So to Vince's point, compared to June of last year, the overall bill for residential will go up about 30%. And again, it's driven by basically a doubling of the generation costs. So the impact on sales going forward, we'll have to see, but it's -- that's a big impact.  We are really pushing for -- because we're a competitive state, there may be generation providers that have a lower rate than that. So in our communication to customers, we're really pushing for them to go shop. And if there's a lower generation charge or deal out there, they should sign up for it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Zimbardo from Bank of America.
Paul Zimbardo: First, I just want to clarify quick with the affordability questions. There's no plans in moderating the capital plans in Pennsylvania or Kentucky that you put out before?
Vincent Sorgi: Well, we'll lay out our new capital plan on the Investor Day, Paul. But specifically related to the old plans, they're not being impacted by that.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. I just wanted to check on that. And then just since all the inflation questions, what is the long-term O&M targets for Pennsylvania and Kentucky, just as you're seeing more pressures change the rate case plans in Pennsylvania?
Vincent Sorgi: Well, overall, again, we'll get into the details on the Investor Day, but as I mentioned, part of our strategy is to become more efficient across the entire enterprise, especially after we close Rhode Island and we're able to really leverage the IT systems that we have here in Pennsylvania around the T&D operations.  As we've talked, we need to just bring Rhode Island on to those systems. They're not coming with systems because they're integrated with National Grid. So we'll be able to take advantage of spreading all the fixed costs of those systems over more customers and more employees.  In addition to that, like I said, we're centralizing our services organizations or functions and looking to even further optimize our supply chain efforts across the entire portfolio. And, again, bringing in the opportunity with Rhode Island will enable us to do that even further. So we see a fairly significant opportunity there to reduce O&M over the planning horizon. And again, we'll lay all that out on the Investor Day, but it's significant.  Greg, anything you want add to that?
Gregory Dudkin: Yes. Just that you had mentioned PPL Electric Utilities, so there's no plans in the immediate future for a rate case there for today.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Guys, easy question for you. Just curious if -- I thought you had a stay out in Kentucky for a number of years. So if you ramp up capital spend there, do you have to wait until that next case to get cash recovery of it? Or are there mechanisms you can utilize that would enable interim rate increases before that next case? And can you remind me when do you file that next case there?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So last year's rate case, we had a 4-year stay-out provision. We do have the environmental recovery mechanism in Kentucky. So if there are any environmental-related capital spend, that does get recovered, Michael, on a more real-time basis. But just more broadly, we have the DSIC mechanism in Pennsylvania. So even while Greg just mentioned, we don't have a base rate case, we do have the DSIC mechanism there.  And then in Rhode Island, they have their capital recovery mechanism as well that does not require base rate cases.  So the plan that we'll lay out in the Investor Day will not rely on any near-term rate cases across the entire portfolio, which we think will differentiate our plan against some of our peers.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And can you remind me, do you have -- like how much in the way of near term, call it, next 3 to 5 years, coal, ash or ELT-related spend you have to do in Kentucky?
Vincent Sorgi: I think that we'd probably be better off responding to that at the Investor Day. But it's probably still a couple of hundred million over that time period, not as much as what we were showing the prior 5 years or so, Michael, but there's still a little bit to go there.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we will be concluding today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to the management team for any closing remarks.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, I just want to thank everybody for joining the call. Again, first quarter, I think a good start to the year. We remain confident in our ability to close Narragansett and really looking forward to laying out the new PPL for everybody shortly after closing. So appreciate everybody's time.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation and our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website. Before we get started, I will draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation and earnings release, which we will discuss during today’s call contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL’s SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operation and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. Participating on our call this morning are Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer; and Greg Dudkin, Chief Operating Officer. With that, I will now turn the call over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our 2021 year end earnings call. Moving to Slide 3 and the agenda for today’s call, I will begin this morning with an overview of 2021 and what was clearly a significant transition year for PPL. I will highlight key achievements we made throughout the year, including our progress in strategically repositioning PPL for future growth and success. Joe will provide a financial update including the previously discussed reset of our first quarter dividend we announced this morning and a detailed overview of our 2021 financial results. And as always, we will leave ample time for your questions. Turning to Slide 4, I am incredibly proud of how our team performed in what was truly a remarkable year for PPL. As we began a new century in our company’s history, we took bold steps to strategically reposition PPL as a U.S. focused energy company, committed to sustainable growth and well-positioned to lead the clean energy transition, while maintaining affordability and reliability for our customers. We completed the sale of our UK utility business in June, achieving exceptional value at almost $11 billion while eliminating risks associated with foreign operations. We then took steps to strengthen PPL’s balance sheet by reducing $3.5 billion of our holding company debt, which provides us with significant financial flexibility going forward. We advanced our planned acquisition of Narragansett Electric, which will expand and diversify our U.S. presence, add another high-quality regulated utility to our portfolio, and create additional opportunities to leverage our proven operating model to drive value for customers and shareowners. We anticipate receiving a final order from the Rhode Island division of public utilities and carriers with respect to the acquisition by March of 2022. While the strategic repositioning was a key priority in 2021 to set PPL up for long-term success, we also remained focused on achieving our near-term objectives. In 2021, we continued our track record of earning equity returns that were in line with those allowed by our regulators. We also achieved constructive regulatory outcomes in 2021, with the settlements on the Pennsylvania FERC ROE challenge and the rate case in Kentucky, which will provide added stability and predictability to our plan over the next several years. We also returned over $2 billion to shareowners through dividends as well as share repurchases, which included the completion of our targeted $1 billion in share buybacks through December 31. And true to our mission, we delivered energy safely, reliably and affordably for our 2.5 million customers in the United States. And as the pandemic refused to yield, we stayed resilient, acted responsibly to protect our employees and remained focused on continuous improvement. From Kentucky to Pennsylvania, we delivered exceptional service throughout 2021. We maintained transmission and distribution reliability as well as generation availability that was among the best in the industry. Despite PPL Electric Utilities experiencing significant storms during 2021, it maintained top quartile performance for Seifi, which measures the average number of outages our customers experience. Meanwhile, our Kentucky operations posted their second best year on record for safety. When severe weather struck either in Pennsylvania or Kentucky, we responded quickly and effectively. For example, after December tornadoes, tour through portions of our service territory in Kentucky, damaging or destroying more than 500 transmission and distribution poles, we restored power to most customers within 48 hours. Similarly, when the remnants of Hurricane Ida swept through our Pennsylvania service territory, knocking out power to tens of thousands of customers, we mobilized quickly and effectively to get the lights back on as soon as possible. Our restoration performance in the wake of Hurricane Ida was recognized with an EEI Emergency Response Award. This performance is the result of the investments we have made in our grid and our dedicated employees who pride themselves on delivering the superior level of service each day. And that service was once again reflected in our customer satisfaction scores. We were honored to receive 4 new J.D. Power awards in 2021 for electric utility residential and business customer satisfaction, with PPL Electric Utilities and Kentucky Utilities both ranking highest among similarly sized utilities in their respective regions. And following an independent survey of customers at 140 of the largest utilities in the U.S., PPL Electric and Kentucky Utilities were recognized by Escalent as two of the most trusted utility brands in the nation. Across PPL, we also continue to foster a culture of innovation, investing in advanced technology and data analytics to deliver industry leading reliability and enterprise-wide cost efficiencies. This resulted in multiple industry awards in 2021, including the use of dynamic line rating, technology and the use of data analytics to better target vegetation management. With an eye towards keeping reliability strong and empowering our customers, we also continue to invest in the future. This included executing more than $2 billion in infrastructure improvements to further strengthen grid resilience, modernize our network, incorporate advanced technology and pave the way for increased electrification and renewable energy in our service territories. Turning to Slide 5, over the past year, we also delivered on our commitments to deliver a sustainable PPL for our shareowners, employees and the communities we serve. We made significant progress in advancing our clean energy strategy. We adopted a net zero carbon emissions goal, accelerated our interim emissions reduction targets to 70% from 2010 levels by 2035, and 80% by 2040. And we also accelerated our coal plant retirement schedule. Separately, we announced a commitment of over $50 million in new investments to fund research and development in the clean energy space with our planned investments in EIP and EPRI’s low carbon resources initiative. We also launched a new partnership to study carbon capture at natural gas combined cycle power plants and reached new agreements to provide an additional 125 megawatts of solar power to major Kentucky customers. In November, we published our latest Comprehensive Climate Assessment report, which highlights the risks associated with climate change and the opportunities in responding to it and evaluate potential of future emissions under multiple scenarios. This included a scenario consistent with limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Our climate assessment outlines our clean energy strategy and goals to enable a responsible transition that balances our commitments to the environment, our customers, our employees and our communities. LG and KU also submitted their Triannual Joint Integrated Resource Plan, which reflected a significant increase in projected renewable additions in the 15-year planning horizon compared to our prior plan. We expect the trend of a more rapid decarbonization of our generation fleet in Kentucky to continue with further improvements in cost and technology for renewables as well as other clean energy technologies. In addition to our focus on advancing our clean energy transition, we also remained very engaged in the communities we serve and with our employees throughout 2021. We continue to move PPL forward by creating a more diverse and inclusive workplace. We implemented an enterprise-wide diversity, equity and inclusion strategy, adopted DEI commitments, increased diversity within our leadership rank, overall workforce and the board and we expanded our support for social justice and equity initiatives in the communities we serve. In addition, we continue to create new opportunities through business resource groups for employees of all backgrounds and experiences to collaborate, share perspectives and contribute to PPL’s success. Our strong commitment to diverse and inclusion received recognition for multiple organizations in 2021, with PPL being named the Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality and Disability Inclusion as well as a top company for ESG. In this January, PPL once again was named a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality, marking the sixth straight year PPL has received this recognition. During our fall giving campaigns, PPL employees and retirees collectively raised more money than ever before, more than $7 million in individual pledges and corporate matching contributions that will help lift individuals, families and communities. And in the aftermath of the Kentucky tornadoes, we responded quickly providing financial support to assist Kentucky families and businesses. In other highlights, we continued to build an exceptional management team that we believe will lead PPL to its best years to come. We promoted Greg Dudkin to Chief Operating Officer and are leveraging his experience in building one of the most advanced utilities in the nation in PPL Electric Utilities to drive further value for stakeholders across all of PPL’s operating companies. We are extremely excited to have Wendy Stark on our team as our new General Counsel. Wendy’s extensive experience in regulatory matters and her deep knowledge of our industry have made her a great addition to PPL. We named two new utility presidents in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, with Stephanie Raymond in Pennsylvania and John Crockett in Kentucky. Stephanie is the first female utility president in our company’s 100-year history. We also named a highly qualified and experienced leadership team in Rhode Island led by Dave Bonenberger from PPL and numerous talented employees from National Grid to lead our electric and gas operations pending the completion of the acquisition. We also took steps to strengthen our corporate governance during the year. Our Board of Directors appointed an outstanding leader and experienced board member as Independent Board Chair in Craig Rogerson, reflecting PPL’s continued commitment to strong corporate governance and independent oversight by a diverse, engaged board. And Heather Redman, Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Flying Fish Partners was a welcomed addition to our highly experienced Board of Directors and brings a wealth of expertise in disruptive technologies and the energy industry. In summary, across our business, we made tremendous progress in 2021 as we pursued our strategy to deliver sustainable value for all stakeholders and position PPL for future growth and success. With that, I will now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince and good morning everyone. Let’s turn to Slide 7 for the financial update. Today, we announced fourth quarter reported earnings of $0.18 per share. Special items in the fourth quarter were $0.04 per share, primarily due to integration expenses associated with the planned acquisition of Narragansett Electric and discontinued operations associated with the UK utility business. Adjusting for special items, fourth quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.22 per share. Our fourth quarter results bring our total 2021 results to a net loss of $1.93 per share. Special items for 2021 were $2.98 per share, primarily due to discontinued operations associated with the UK utility business, a UK tax rate change prior to the sale and a loss on the early extinguishment of debt. Adjusting for special items, 2021 earnings from ongoing operations were $1.05 per share. Before turning to the 2021 earnings walk, I will highlight a few other financial updates. The most notable being the first quarter dividend we announced this morning. As we indicated on our third quarter earnings call, we plan to update the dividend following the January 3 payment as we continued to progress on PPL’s strategic repositioning. Recall that we had maintained the dividend at the prior rate despite the sale of WPD, providing $350 million of dividends to reward long-term shareowners as we work to close the transactions and deploy the cash proceeds from the WPD sale in a value-accretive manner. Today, we have announced the first quarter 2022 dividend of $0.20 per share payable April 1. The updated quarterly dividend aligns with our earnings projections for PPL’s current businesses and a targeted payout ratio of 60% to 65%. We plan to provide an updated annualized dividend rate and growth projections to align with earnings growth during an Investor Day following the completion of the Narragansett regulatory review process. We recognize that it would have been optimal to declare the April 1 dividend when we provide our annualized earnings forecast. However, since we haven’t completed the Narragansett regulatory review process, we wanted to be transparent today by providing clarity on the dividend reset following the sale of WPD. We plan to reflect any increase in the dividend due to the inclusion of Narragansett in our forecast when we provide a comprehensive financial update at the Investor Day. As Vince noted, one of the key financial highlights for 2021 was a reduction in our holding company debt as we allocated a significant amount of the WPD sales proceeds to strengthen PPL’s balance sheet. We had a unique opportunity to establish one of the leading credit profiles in the sector, an attribute we see is increasingly important with the growing capital needs to fund the clean energy transition and now amid the backdrop of rising interest rates. In other financial updates, we amended and extended our credit facilities during the fourth quarter to better align our liquidity needs post the strategic repositioning. In short, we slightly reduced the capacity at PPL Capital funding to $1.25 billion from $1.45 billion as we no longer need the same level of liquidity without the foreign currency risk associated with the UK. We have also included an option to add an Narragansett as a co-borrower to the PPL Capital funding credit facility, pending the closing of the acquisition. And we continue to target 16% to 18% CFO and FFO to debt metrics, including the Narragansett Electric acquisition. We believe these actions provide a very strong financial foundation and place PPL among the best credit profiles in our industry. Let’s move to our full year 2021 earnings results on Slide 8. I would note that while I will compare 2021 earnings to our 2020 results, the periods are not truly comparable given the sale of the UK businesses, the reallocation of certain costs, the balance sheet recapitalization along with the outcome of the transmission ROE challenge. Similar to prior quarters, we have adjusted the 2020 corporate other amount to reflect certain costs previously allocated to the UK regulated segment, primarily interest expense and other support costs. These costs totaled about $0.07 per share for the year. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.61 per share, a $0.04 year-over-year decrease. Earnings results in Pennsylvania were primarily driven by a reduction in the transmission formula rate return on equity, lower peak transmission demand and higher operation and maintenance expense. These decreases were partially offset by returns on additional capital investments in transmission. Turning to our Kentucky segment, we earned $0.61 per share in 2021. A $0.06 increase over comparable results 1 year ago. The increase was primarily due to higher base retail rates effective July 1, and lower interest expense primarily due to lower interest costs that were previously allocated to the Kentucky Regulated segment and lower interest rates, partially offsetting these items were higher operation and maintenance expense, related to several factors, including support costs, generation plant costs, T&D costs and higher depreciation due to the additions to PP&E. Results at Corporate and Other were $0.03 higher compared to the prior year. Factors driving earnings results at Corporate and Other, primarily included lower interest expense primarily due to less outstanding long-term holding company debt, partially offset by interest costs previously allocated to the Kentucky segment, partially offsetting this increase were several factors that were not individually significant. Moving to Slide 9. The capital investments made in Pennsylvania and Kentucky during 2021, support grid modernization, grid resiliency and reliability and improved service for our customers. Of the $2 billion of CapEx that Vince noted, we invested about $1 billion in each of the segments. In Pennsylvania, investments in distribution were made to maintain top quartile industry reliability and performance and investments in more advanced IT systems. Meanwhile, on the transmission side, investments were primarily related to asset health and reliability with a focus on smart relays, equipment monitoring and automation to support a more advanced grid. Our Kentucky investments were primarily related to replacing aging transmission infrastructure, maintaining and enhancing our electric distribution network, generation outages, environmental compliance and grid modernization. This resulted in total rate base growth of nearly 6% even as rate base related to our coal-fired generation facilities declined. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I’ll turn the call back over to Vince for some closing comments.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. As I mentioned at the outset of my remarks, 2021 was very much a transition year for PPL. It was about reimagining PPL and laying a firm foundation for the company’s future growth and success, and I believe we achieved just that. Looking forward, our focus is on completing the acquisition of Narragansett Electric and introducing a new PPL to shareowners, a PPL that is committed to delivering sustainable value for share owners, backed by one of the strongest balance sheets in the U.S. utility sector, distinguished by its best-in-class customer service. Committed to net-zero carbon emissions and well positioned to lead the clean energy transition, while maintaining affordable, reliable service for our customers. We look forward to sharing further details on our strategy and the exciting growth prospects for the new PPL at our Investor Day.
Andy Ludwig: With that, operator, let’s open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, good morning, guys.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: So Vince, perhaps if we can just start on the process in Rhode Island. It seems like there is been some noise around things like cost and mutual assistance versus grid’s ownership in the docket. Any kind of color you can provide around your interactions as the decision target date approaches by the end of this month?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, sure. First of all, let me just say that we think we’ve met the standard for approval in the state, and we are looking forward to the decision coming out from the division. And Again, as we stated really from the outset of this process, we believe that PPL is uniquely positioned to serve lot customers at this point in time. When you look at our long history of providing energy safely, reliably, affordably for our customers, we consistently rank among the very best for customer satisfaction. We’ve been a clear leader in developing and deploying the kind of smart grid technology that’s going to be critical to helping Rhode Island meet their very ambitious decarbonization goals. And with the additional commitments that we’ve made, we believe the transaction is clearly in the public interest in Rhode Island. So I’ll just reiterate that we believe we’ve met the standard, and we’re looking forward to the decision.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. So I get it. So just there is a high level of confidence that going to close. Okay. And then just, Vince, you completed the $1 billion buybacks, right, increased CapEx by $1 billion at EEI, could we just check back on the remaining amount of unallocated cash here? And how you’re thinking about the toggle allocation between buybacks and more CapEx in light of the current DPS guidance?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Shar. I would say we don’t have a detailed update on that. We will provide a full update at the Investor Day. Really it’s important that we get through the regulatory process in Rhode Island, of course, we’ve made some commitments as part of the process to mainly to make sure we factor all of that into the proteins discussion, and we will update with the full update on the Investor Day call.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Understood. And then just on a little bit more of a minor thing, maybe just – can you comment on the Safari sale process? I mean it seems like there was some interest there previously. I guess, what drove the decision to put it on the block and any material amount of cash expected there?
Vince Sorgi: Well, Shar, as you know, we are not going to comment on market rumors, so...
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Try to get past you, Vince, but you are too good. Alright, thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning.
Paul Zimbardo: I know you commented a little bit on it, Joe, but just on the decision around the dividend and the timing now versus maybe wait until you have clarity in a month or so, just any perspective there? And it sounds like the plan would be more of a kind of a one-time bump assuming Narragansett closes versus a faster growth rate on the dividend. But just any perspective you can provide there would be helpful?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, sure, Paul. While it’s certainly possible that we will receive the decision as early as next week from the division, we’re not certain in that, and we are still in the middle of the regulatory approval process. And as we discussed on the third quarter call, we did want to reduce the uncertainty related to the anticipated reset of the dividend following the UK sale. And just without the firm time line for the Rhode Island transaction, we just felt it was appropriate to keep our normal cadence, which as you know, we would normally announce our first quarter dividend on our call, on our year end call. And so as we were contemplating whether to move from that normal cadence and potentially hold off the call. We also realized that if we didn’t do it today, we actually risk ended up doing it in 8K, which would not be the preferred approach, of course. So we wanted to make sure that we could provide an opportunity for questions around what we’ve said. And that was really the nature of the decision to announce it today versus leading. And then in terms of the second part of your question, as Joe noted, the Q1 dividend is based on our current operations only, and we would plan to increase that following the closing of the Narragansett transaction. And again, we will provide that full update once we close the deal and then conduct the Analyst Day for the investor call.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. And then One last question on the strategic corporate initiative costs you incurred in the quarter, particularly at Kentucky as well as just the corporate overall? Just what’s the thought process there? And is there anything you’re considering specifically with that Kentucky property?
Vince Sorgi: Joe, you want to…
Joe Bergstein: Yes. No. I think the costs associated with the strategic repositioning were normal and interrelated to the Narragansett acquisition, really, the amount that’s associated with Kentucky is really immaterial. Nothing related to any strategic colonic Kentucky. It’s all essentially for the Narragansett acquisition.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. Thank you, have a nice weekend.
Joe Bergstein: Thanks, you too.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Paul
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi, team. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I know there is – good morning. I know there is an update coming post the Narragansett transaction. But just so we have the numbers right. Am I right that with the share buybacks, and I’m focused on the leftover cash. With the share buybacks and the additional CapEx announced at the U.S. utilities, you still have roughly about $1 billion left to allocate? Do I have that number right?
Joe Bergstein: Well, we will get into the total use of proceeds and any – and how that’s utilized when we get to the Investor Day.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, that’s fair. And then just one, and you may not be able to answer this also, but I’ll just ask, is the sort of 2022 going to be the base year for any term – any long-term projections that you give out or long-term earnings growth target that you gave out?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, that’s the plan, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, thank you, guys. Appreciate the time.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hello. Can you hear me?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, we can.
Paul Patterson: So, just to sort of follow-up on this, when – I guess, how should we think of – I mean, I know you guys are obviously feeling confident about the arrogance closure, but it doesn’t appear that there is any settlement. And it appears that there is some uncertainty just generically speaking, hence, sort of the dividend action that you guys have been describing. How should we think about what the scenario would be if the deal doesn’t come about if you don’t get approval for it?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Paul, I don’t really want to talk about some hypotheticals. We are really focused. Again, I will just go back to what I said to Shar, we think we have clearly met the standard for approval in the state with what we bring to the table in terms of our operating experience, the financial strength of our company, of course, commitments that we have made throughout the process there. So, we and National Grid are very focused on getting to closing. We spent the last year on transition planning, integration planning, hiring or getting 1,100 people like NFI and ready to start on day one. We are all very focused on getting this deal over the goal line and bringing real value to our line.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But given the idea that the target date, and again, I mean are you hearing – let me ask you this, are you hearing that there is any change in the target date decision, because that’s just a week away, and it would seem to me that with the dividend action, everything that perhaps you could have sort of waited to do the earnings release and everything else, unless you think that there is maybe a potential that, that target date isn’t – that is going to be pushed back or something? How should we think about when we are going to get more clarity of Rhode Island? Is it still the target date kind of thing, or is there something else we should think about?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Look, Paul, I think based on the schedule that we have, right, the targeted decision date is the 25th. But we just – we recognize that there is a lot in this case through the written testimony Greece, the oral hearings. We just want to recognize the fact that the 25th is a target. And there is a lot that the hearing officer and the division need to get through. And so there has been no change in the 25th as the target. But we are just trying to be realistic that there is no guarantee that we are going to get.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys. Thank you for taking my question. I actually wanted to just ask about Pennsylvania and Kentucky items. First, in Kentucky, can you remind us as a result of the IRP, when the material fleet generation changes or transformation would likely play out over that extended timeframe. Like what happens in the next 3 years to 5 years, what happens in the years 6 to 15?
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So, we have the next round of retirements, you may recall, in 2024. Based on our reserve margins, we don’t anticipate a significant need to replace generation for those retirements. The next group would be in 2028. We would need to replace the 2028 retirements. And so probably see capital start to be spent in the 2026-ish timeframe for that. And then the next round of retirements are this side of 2035. So, I think in 2034, ‘35-ish. And so you will see the capital in the early ‘30s to prepare for those.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And given the move in commodity prices, both natural gas, power and coal, you see for the next couple of years, your co-plants actually running at a higher capacity factor in Kentucky than maybe what you had seen previously, or is there an opportunity to maybe save O&M and scale back the output levels of that source and either run gas units more or buy more power from the market.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, it’s a good question. So, as you know, we are incredibly focused on decarbonizing the overall generation fleet. But we you bring up a good point around the cost of natural gas versus the cost of coal. So, as we think about it, Michael, we will continue to look at how we best utilize the fleet to ensure reliability for the lowest cost for customers, but at the same time, decarbonizing, so that could be additional renewables – renewable PPAs or on renewals. We are always looking at – does it make sense to shift between natural gas and coal or so. And those are all things that we continue to iterate as we look at the decarbonization – the overall decarbonization strategy for the quality.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one last question, can you just remind me, I remember I think I remember correctly, smart meter implementation in the company, it’s been a while. But did Kentucky have a similar level of that relative to the other prospects in Pennsylvania?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, we have done two rounds of smart meter deployment in Pennsylvania. We are doing our initial deployment in Kentucky. We are expecting that to be completed in 2026. And then you haven’t asked, but in Rhode Island, they don’t have smart meters, but that would be something we would be deploying very quickly after acquisition in as well.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Vince Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Thanks. I appreciate it. I have got a few questions, Vince. So, I guess first of all, I thought you had said in the past that you were going to use like a pro forma base for your growth rate, including like a full year of it NEC, not just 2022. Is that correct, or are you going to use 2022 calendar year?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Sorry, if I wasn’t clear on that with your earlier response. Yes, we think it would be 2022’s pro forma.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just you have a new dividend and you gave a payout ratio, so you can kind of back into what earnings power from the core businesses roughly are expected to be without NEC, is that like a fair representation of 2022 core businesses without NEC?
Vince Sorgi: That’s reasonable, yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just on NEC, has the – I know initially, the Attorney General had talked about being opposed. Have they given an official opposition now with the commission, or where does that stand?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Steve, I don’t think that the Attorney General has modified their original position as we come through.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And so there is no – at this point, there is no like settlement talks going on that’s just going to be a decision?
Vince Sorgi: At this point, we are just awaiting the decision.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just on another thing you had talked about was potentially – I think you have potentially trying to kind of resolve future rate case as part of this, too. But if you have to just get a decision, like when would be the next rate case in Rhode Island?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, we have agreed to not file a rate case for a period of 3 years from the time of our [Technical Difficulty]. And so that I think in Rhode Island at 9 months, 10 months to get from a tiny file to the time to complete. So depending on when it closes, that can give you kind of when or…
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So, that’s – at least your proposal, that’s a condition of your filing?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, that is a commitment that we made on – that is a commitment that has been made.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then – so maybe just to sum up on the dividend, so you have this new dividend level based on the existing businesses. You will – when you close NEC, you will reset some payout additional dividend related just to that business as well. And then beyond that, dividends would grow in line with earnings growth. Is that kind of the way to rebuild this up?
Vince Sorgi: That’s exactly correct.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Last question, can you give any information on what Safari had in terms of earnings or EBITDA and any debt on Safari, if there is any separate debt in 2021?
Vince Sorgi: Yes.
Joe Bergstein: Yes. So, it’s included in our corporate and other segment, Steve, and we don’t break it out from that as part of that, it’s really not material to the overall PPL Corporation earnings, and it’s just not a level of detail that we provide given its materiality.
Steve Fleishman: Is there any debt on it, or is it just part of PPL corporate?
Joe Bergstein: PPL corporate.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Levine of Citi. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Good morning.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning Ryan.
Ryan Levine: I was hoping that you could elaborate on what factors drove where PPL wants to be in terms of dividend payout ratio relative to the range that you highlighted in your slide deck. And any color as to how you are thinking about that for subsequent dividend decision?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, I will let Joe cover the details, but just high level, right. We wanted to make sure, again, this is a broader strategic repositioning, obviously starting with – acquisition of Veeco. The dividend reset was a natural part of that. So, making sure that again, we have one of the strongest balance sheets. We want to make sure that the dividend is sized appropriately for the new businesses going forward and make sure that we are set up to be able to grow that dividend in line with earnings going forward. And we think we have positioned ourselves very well to accomplish all of that with where we set it. But Joe, if there’s any, you probably want to…
Joe Bergstein: Ryan, we have said for a while that we would set the dividend at 60% to 65% of earnings. And with the dividend announcement today, we are in that range on the base business as we move forward and include Narragansett in the forecast and provide the update, we would expect to continue to have dividend in the 60% to 65% payout range.
Ryan Levine: Thank you. And then you highlighted some of the kind of preview to the Analyst Day of starting with pro forma 2022 EPS and growing it off there. Is it going to be a 5-year growth that you are looking to provide? And any other color you could share around level of detail that we should expect to get updated at the future Analyst Day?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, it will be a comprehensive update, Ryan. We haven’t provided a lot of information since the sale of WPD. We have recognized that. We have repositioned the company significantly and we are going to – we will provide a lot of detail on the new PPL including the growth rate and the duration of the growth rate. So, we will hold all of that for now until we get there, but you should expect a detailed update at that time.
Ryan Levine: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Orrill of UBS. Please go ahead.
Greg Orrill: Yes. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning.
Greg Orrill: Good morning. Regarding the dividend, assuming Narragansett Electric closes, when would you provide that new level? Would that be in the closing or at the Analyst Day or how would that work?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, we would provide an update on that at the Investor Day based on the current schedule, which would support a March closing, as we have been saying. We would then target to have the Investor Day within a few weeks of closing. And so that potentially could put the second quarter dividend in play for the advances.
Greg Orrill: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning Vince. 
Vince Sorgi: Good morning.
Anthony Crowdell: Thanks for taking my question. Just hopefully two quick ones, just not specific to Narragansett, I know you don’t want to talk about the approval process there, but just it’s my first transaction in Rhode Island. What’s the process if the merger gets declined? Is there a re-filing process where it can – can a company appeal to a higher court?
Vince Sorgi: So there is an appeal process, Anthony. Certainly, we are focused on getting the approval done. It really depends on what would be in the order. So, it’s really hard to predict what our next steps would be, could potentially be DOE filing. And then we also have the option to appeal, but really speculating at this point. We are hopeful that we have met. Again, we think we have met the standard for approval and we are hopeful that, that decision will come out in our favor when it comes out.
Anthony Crowdell: Do you know what court the appeal takes place in or is it with the same regulator?
Vince Sorgi: I’m not sure about that, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Okay. And then if I could just pivot probably off of Michael’s question earlier on Kentucky, just how should we think about the growth the growth in Kentucky from this level? And just if you could maybe give some clarity on that?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, we are not providing really growth targets for any parts of the business at this point, but we will provide full updates on all of that on the Investor Day. To Joe’s point, we recognize that we have been in this kind of point between selling WPD and closing Eco without providing a lot of financial detail and we commit to doing that on Investor Day, but we are not ready to do that.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question, Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Anthony.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Vince Sorgi for any closing remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks. And I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We certainly look forward to introducing the new PPL to investors. We remain very confident as we have talked a little bit today that our strategic repositioning will deliver long-term value for our shareowners. We do see robust capital investment opportunities going forward to deliver clean energy future. That investment will fuel competitive earnings and dividend growth going forward and we believe we can deliver that clean energy future in a way that’s affordable to our customers with no equity needs in the foreseeable future given the strength of our balance sheet. So again, we are – we look forward to seeing you all at the Investor Day and providing all the details that I know you are looking forward for the new PPL. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter 2021 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation in our earnings release issued this morning on the Investor section of our website. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation and earnings release, which we'll discuss during today's call, contain forward-looking statements about future operating results and other future events.  Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. Participating on our call this morning are Vincent Sorgi, PPL President and CEO, Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer, and Greg Dudkin, Chief Operating Officer. With that, I will now turn the call over to Vincent.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Andy. And good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our Third Quarter investor update. Moving to Slide 3 in the agenda for today's call, I'll begin this morning with an update on the progress we continue to make in advancing our strategic repositioning. I'll also share some current initiatives underway to advance PPL 's Clean Energy strategy and provide a brief operational and regulatory update. Joe will then provide a financial update, including a detailed review of Third Quarter financial results. And as always, we'll leave ample time for your questions.  Turning to slide 4, We continue to make excellent progress on our key initiatives to strategically reposition PPL for long-term growth and success. In September, we received FERC approval for our planned acquisition of Narragansett Electric. With FERC' s approval, we now have 4 of the 5 approvals necessary to close on the transaction. We continue to make progress on securing the final approval from the Rhode Island Division of Public Utilities and Carriers. In its procedural schedule, the division has established February 25th as the target date for a decision.  This would put PPL and National Grid on a path to close on the transaction by March of next year, as originally expected. We've included a slide with the divisions procedural schedule in the appendix of today's presentation. As we pursue the final regulatory approval, we continue working closely with National Grid on planning to ensure a smooth transition for Rhode Island customers and Narragansett employees upon closing. Together, we've collaborated through 30 functional integration teams to plan and execute a safe, effective, and minimally disruptive transition of the Rhode Island operations.  These teams have built robust day 1 integration plans to execute on identified business requirements, drafted transition service agreements that will be key to providing a stable, seamless transition for customers, redesigned critical business processes to enable the TSAs to effectively operate, designed a new Rhode Island operating model and organization from the ground up, with over 1,100 National Grid employees accepting employment offers pending the close of the transaction. We have initiated an integrated change management and communication strategy to engage our future employees, customers, and Rhode Island stakeholders to begin to build relationships for the long-term; and all 3 labor unions have ratified their new contracts that will be effective under PPL's ownership.  As we work to secure final approval, we look forward to partnering with the talented team in Rhode Island to deliver safe, reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy. And we're very excited about the opportunity the acquisition presents to build one of the nation's most advanced clean energy enabling grids in support of Rhode Island's ambitious decarbonization goals. Finally, on this slide, I'm excited to highlight a new, valuable addition to PPL's Board of Directors, Heather Redman. Heather is the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Flying Fish Partners, a venture capital firm that invests in early-stage artificial intelligence, machine learning startups, including energy-related applications.  She brings expertise in disruptive technologies, industry transformation, energy development and energy technology at a time when PPL is squarely focused on driving innovation and positioning our Company for growth in the clean energy transition. I am confident that Heather will be a fantastic addition to our diverse and experienced Board. With Heather's addition, our board now has ten directors, 60% of whom are diverse, and 30% of whom are women. Turning to Slide 5 in advancing our strategic repositioning, we also continue to make progress in deploying proceeds from the sale of our U.K. assets to maximize share owner value.  And while we recognize cash is fungible, we are showing the major buckets for the use of proceeds on this slide, and today, we've announced 2 updates. First, as we continue to develop our business plans, we've identified at least a billion dollars in incremental capital investments in Pennsylvania and Kentucky through 2025 to support grid resilience in modernization and advance a sustainable energy future for our customers. The identified CapEx opportunities predominantly in the T&D areas include continued application of smart grid technologies, which improved overall system reliability and reduce O&M cost at the same time.  It also includes further hardening of the system to support reliability and resilience in the face of more frequent and stronger storms. We'll look to make the same types of investments in Rhode Island once we closed the transaction and work with Rhode Island stakeholders on the pace of change to the Clean Energy economy in the state, keeping in mind the cost impacts for customers. In addition to our updates on CapEx opportunities, we've also revised our expectations for share repurchases and have allocated an additional $500 million to buy backs. We now expect to repurchase a total of approximately $1 billion dollars of PPL common stock by year-end, effectively doubling the amount previously announced on our Q2 call. We've already completed $550 million in share repurchases through October 31st. We're pleased about the progress we've made in evaluating our capital plans and look forward to sharing additional details at an Analyst Day following the closing of the Narragansett acquisition.  In the meantime, we'll continue to review our business plans for additional opportunities that will drive value for both customers and shareowners. We're also providing an update on the timing of an expected change to PPL 's dividend and reiterate the planned dividend policy following the closing of the Narragansett acquisition. The dividend has and will remain an important part of PPL 's total shareowner return proposition. Given the procedural schedule in place for the required regulatory approval in Rhode Island, we expect to maintain the current quarterly dividend rate through the January, 2022 payment.  After that date, we plan to realign the dividend, targeting a payout ratio of 60 to 65% of the repositioned PPL earnings as previously communicated. The final decision regarding the dividend will be made by the Board of Directors after the Narragansett closing. Moving to Slide 6, We continue to advance our clean energy strategy as we pursue our goal of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. In October, our Kentucky utilities filed renewable power purchase agreements with the Kentucky Public Service Commission to provide a combined 125 megawatts of solar power to 5 major customers.  Under the 20-year agreements, which will support customer participation in LGNE & KU's Green Tariff, LGNE & KU will procure 100% of the power from a new solar facility that will be built in Western Kentucky. The agreements reflect our continued efforts to support the growth of renewable energy and economic development in the state. In another notable third quarter development, we announced in September that we've joined in expanding coalition of U.S. utilities committed to supporting the growth of electric vehicles as we seek additional opportunities to enable third party decarbonization. The Electric Highway Coalition will focus on development of a seamless network of rapid electric vehicle charging stations connecting major highway systems from the northeast to the midwest, down to Texas.  The goal is to create convenient options for long distance EV travel to reduce range anxiety for consumers. We also continue to expand investments in R&D needed to achieve net-zero. Our Kentucky Utilities recently announced a partnership to study the capture of carbon-dioxide emissions. The partnership with the University of Kentucky 's Center for Applied Energy Research or CAER will seek to develop cost-effective, scalable technology to capture carbon-dioxide from a natural gas-combined cycle plant.  We'll be working with CAER in using the carbon capture infrastructure we've already built at our brown coal facility in 2014 to simulate emissions from a natural gas plant. The project will also support a study aimed at direct air capture of CO2, potentially creating a negative emissions power plant. In addition to capturing CO2, the system aims to produce two value-added streams, hydrogen and oxygen, that can be sold to offset the cost of capturing and storing the CO2. Additional partners in this R&D initiative include Vanderbilt University and EPRI and GTI through their low carbon resources initiative.  The carbon capture unit we've built at the Brown plant is one of only a few carbon capture systems in operation today at Power Plants in the United States. Furthering our R&D related efforts, PPL recently acquired an ownership interest in the SOO Green project, a 350-mile underground transmission project that seeks to connect the MISO, and PJM power markets, and support growing demand for clean energy. We recognized that expanding the nation's transmission grid will be critical to connecting more wind and solar power and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Breaking through citing, permitting, and other barriers to build this transmission quickly and cost-effectively will be key. SOO Green seeks to tackle these challenges by developing high-voltage transmission lines underground along major rail corridors.  PPL's investment in the SOO Green project will enable us to gain valuable insight into this innovative approach. We look forward to lending our capabilities and transmission expertise to support this project success. Turning to Slide 7. On October 19th, LGNE & KU submitted their triennial joint integrated resource plan to the Kentucky Public Service Commission. The IRP provides the commission with information regarding our potential generation sources over the next 15 years, to meet forecasted energy demand in a lease cost manner.  The IRP is submitted for informational purposes. It represents a moment in time look at ongoing resource planning using current business assumptions and long-term forecast. LGNE & KU 's 2021 IRP projects, a significant reduction in coal's contribution to our generation mix declining from over 80% of the expected electricity produced in 2021, to about half of the total power produced in 2036. In our base case scenario for load and fuel prices, we show the retirement of nearly 2,000 megawatts of coal capacity as we economically advance to Clean Energy transition.  These projected retirements are consistent with the depreciation study filed in our last [Indiscernible], as well as the estimates used in developing our net zero goal announced last quarter. The IRP -based demand and base fuel price scenario envisions solar power playing a growing role in meeting our customers demand for energy. Over the next 15 years, accounting for nearly 20% of all the power we supply to our Kentucky customers by 2036. This scenario shows an additional 2,100 megawatts of solar combined with 200 megawatts of battery storage along with simple cycle gas units needed for reliability purposes, by the end of the planning period to replace those 2,000 megawatts of expected coal plant retirements. We've also added a high case scenario to this slide which reflects the implications of higher demand and higher fuel prices due to several factors.  Under the high case scenario, we would expect there to be significantly more energy needed by 2036, requiring additional capacity. Based on our assumptions, that would primarily be met with an additional 5,500 megawatts of incremental renewable and storage resources above the base case scenario through that time period. Further, that would result in more than twice as much output from renewable resources by 2036, reflecting approximately 40% of generation output, primarily replacing natural gas from the base - case scenario. We've provided a slide and the appendix of today's presentation that outlines the differences in the assumptions for the base and high-k scenarios.  We expect the next IRP, which will be filed in 2024, to be an extremely important plan based on the current timing of our next coal plant retirements, which are expected to begin again in 2024. Moving to Slide 8. On August 20th, PPL Electric Utilities announced a constructive settlement with an alliance of industrial and municipal customers that have challenged the Company's FERC -approved base transmission return on equity.  The settlement, which must be approved by FERC, would change PPL Electric's base ROE from 11.18% to 9.9% from May 2020 to May 2022 with a rate stepping up to 10% by June 2023. The settlement also updates the equity component of PPL Electric's capital structure to be the lower of its actual equity component calculated in accordance with the formula rate template or 56%. The settlement also allows PPL Electric to modify the current formula rate, which is based on a historic test year, and move the Company to a projected [Indiscernible] year. Further PPL's formula rate could also be modified to be based on the calendar year moving forward, rather than the current rate year that begins, June 1.  We expect these changes to help reduce regulatory lag as we continue to make additional investments in transmission infrastructure. Overall, the settlement is expected to reduce Net Income by approximately $25 million to $30 million per year. The details of the FERC transmission ROE settlement are included in the appendix of today's presentation. In other operational developments our utilities continue to be recognized for our award-winning customer service and innovation. PPL Electric Utilities and Kentucky Utilities were once again listed as 2 of the most trusted utility brands in the United States based on a recent study performed by human behavior firm, Escalent.  The results of the study showed that communications played a vital role in building brand trust between utilities and our customers in 2020 during the pandemic. It was the third consecutive year PPL Electric received this recognition and the second consecutive year Kentucky Utilities. Also, The Association of Edison Illuminating Companies selected PPL Electric Utilities as a winner of one of their 2021 achievement awards for revolutionary work in vegetation management. Trees are a common cause of outages.  Within PPL Electric Utilities service territory, it's estimated that about a third of distribution outages over the past 5 years were caused by trees contacting overhead wires. By using a new approach that leverages data analytics and other new technologies, PPL Electric Utilities found ways to trim and remove the right trees at the right times across 28,000 miles of overhead lines to help prevent outages. This has led to improved reliability despite an increase in more severe weather without increasing overall vegetation management costs. Additionally, Public Utilities Fortnightly has named PPL Electric Utilities as a top innovator for 2021.  Thanks to its industry-leading use of dynamic line rating or DLR technology on its transmission line. By using smart sensors that collect real-time information like wind speed and line temperature, operators can relieve transmission congestion and increase the electricity sent over those lines. PPL Electric Utilities has been recognized for its leading-edge approach to integrating DLR into core operations and using data from the sensors to make [Indiscernible] investment decisions. And finally, we continue our efforts to support economic development in the regions we serve.  One recent major development in this area is for its announcement of plans to construct a $6 billion electric battery complex within our LGNE & KU service territory. It is one of, if not the largest economic development announcement in Kentucky 's history, and will have far reaching positive impacts on communities around the Commonwealth. In fact, 2021 has been a record year for Kentucky in terms of economic development growth with over $10 billion in new investments being announced within the state. Further recent developments in addition to Ford's announcement include a $460 million investment by Toyota and a $450 million investment by GE at its appliance park in Louisville. These decisions exemplify the strengths that Kentucky has to offer large industrial customers. Specifically, we are known for exceptional reliability to deliver energy 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Further, we have some of the lowest retail rates in the country, an important characteristic for large industrial customers and something we remain keenly focused on maintaining. Kentucky also has the third lowest business costs in the country and is home to 3 global shipping hubs. Our Kentucky service territories are located in a centralized region that is well protected from intensifying coastal storms and other natural disasters.  We are excited to support the energy needs of these developments, and their perspective impact on our surrounding communities. Before we move to the next slide in the broader context, I would also note that Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear and the States Office of Energy Policy unveiled a new energy strategy on October 20th called E3. The strategy considers 3 E's as key pillars to the strategic vision of a resilient economy in the state: Energy, the environment, and economic development. And this strategy aligns very well with PPL's Clean Energy transition strategy.  We're encouraged by several areas included in the strategy where our utilities will play a vital role and we expect will provide future opportunities. Including ensuring a transmission grid that supports growing renewable resources. Ensuring an electric distribution grid that is self-healing, self-sufficient and auto sensing. Supporting a diversified energy supply that is fuel-secure, sustainable, and resilient, incentivizing sustainable business investments including hydrogen and other renewable fuels.  Supporting the development of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration industries, and supporting alternative fuel transportation infrastructure. LG&E and KU participated in working groups associated with affordability and economic development in the lead up to the state announcing its strategy. We believe the strategic framework represents a comprehensive approach to positioning Kentucky for success in a changing energy landscape.  We look forward to engaging with the Kentucky administration and other stakeholders as the state further develops its strategy to support sustainability, boost competitiveness can spur job growth and innovation in local and regional economies. I will now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe.
Joe Bergstein: Thanks, Vince. And good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 9. Today, we announce third quarter reported earnings of $0.27 per share. This reflects special items of $0.09 per share primarily related to losses on the early extinguishment of debt associated with the recapitalization of the Balance Sheet, post the sale of WPD. Adjusting for special items, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.36 per share compared with $0.30 per share a year ago. Our third quarter results bring our year-to-date earnings from ongoing operations to $0.83 per share.  Details on our year-to-date earnings are available in the appendix to today's presentation. Now let's move to Slide 10 for a more detailed look at our third quarter segment results. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment recorded $0.16 per share for the third quarter, which was $0.01 per share lower compared to a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to higher operations and maintenance expense, primarily related to higher storm and support costs and a reserve recorded for a reduction to the return on equity in the transmission formula rate. Partially offsetting these items were returns on additional capital investments in transmission.  Turning to our Kentucky regulated segment, third quarter results were $0.21 per share, up $0.04 per share increase compared to Q3 2020 results. The increase was primarily driven by higher base retail rates effective July 1 and lower interest expense, primarily due to interest costs that were previously allocated to the Kentucky Regulated segment. Partially offsetting this increase was higher operation and maintenance expense related to support and generation-related cost factors. They were not individually significant. Results at corporate and other were a loss of $0.01 per share, which was $0.03 higher compared to a year ago. The increase was primarily driven by lower interest expense due to less outstanding long-term holding Company debt. And that concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In summary, as we work to complete our strategic repositioning, I remain incredibly excited about our future. We continue to build momentum throughout 2021 in executing our strategic objectives. And I'm confident we will emerge from our transformation, a leading U.S. energy Company, stronger, more agile, and better positioned to advance the Clean Energy transition to deliver utilities of the future and to drive long-term value for all of our stakeholders. With that operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: We will not begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. [Operators Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys.
Vincent Sorgi: Hey, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Just a couple of questions here. Vince, how should we think about the allocation of that $1 billion in new CapEx both geographic and shaping over time? And will you be able to guide on Rhode Island CapEx right out of the gate in February and March when the deal closes or there'll need to be a bit more time to get your plan in motion?
Vincent Sorgi: I'll have Greg talk about where we're seeing the $1 billion that we've identified today. And again, we continue to review the business plans. And so, as we put on the slide, we think that'll come in at about 1 to 2 billion as we finalized the plans. On the Rhode Island side, Shar, I think you're hitting the nail right on the head.  That's an area where I think we'll have a pretty good sense on what the opportunity is, in Rhode Island as we think about the Clean Energy transition on what we've done in Pennsylvania, bringing that grid to Rhode Island to support the renewable ambitions within the state. Of course, there's going to be offshore wind opportunities that we need to get rid -- ready for, as well as significant [Indiscernible] in the state. There's also a lot of transmission opportunity.  So there -- I think we'll have a pretty good sense of what needs to be done. The question will be, it will have to work with the state on how quickly they want to get to the new Clean Energy transition; especially keeping -- just keeping rates in check, which of course we do across all of our jurisdictions. So, I think it's probably a little premature to provide too much detail on that right now. But qualitatively, I would say, I think we'll have a pretty good sense of the opportunity when it happens, we'll need to engage with the state. But Greg, do you want to touch on the billion that we've already identified?
Greg Dudkin: Sure, Vince. From a high level that billing is split between Pennsylvania and Kentucky and the focus is on grid modernization, automation, and resiliency, hardening projects, as well as projects to enable more DER and renewables on our grid. I would also add that we anticipate technology-related spend within this period of time. As far as the shaping, I would say, at a high level at this point we're still working through the client on that but it's probably going to be fairly level across the next 5 years.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. That's helpful. And then just lastly, the board has obviously allocated significant amount of the remaining WPD proceeds to buybacks and obviously you're talking about another $1 billion of CapEx from 2 utilities, you got incremental upside from Rhode Island. Could we just get a refresh on how you and the board are thinking through maybe the remaining unallocated portion between more CapEx, your buybacks in light of where the stock trades? And are organic moves still a possibility, Vince? What's the timing for how you and the board may allocate more? Thanks again.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, Shar. Did you say organic or inorganic moves?
Shar Pourreza: Well, I guess, inorganic.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah. I just want to make sure I heard your question properly. So, I would say in general as we think about the capital allocation [Indiscernible] investing in the utilities is our priority and our bias, especially as we try to make sure that we're delivering [Indiscernible] that our customers need as we look at the transition to a Clean Energy future. So being able to fund that in a way that requires little to no equity issuances over the foreseeable future is incredibly important to us which is really how Joe and the team identify the $3.5 billion of debt that we bought down with part of the proceeds and getting the Balance Sheet in that position where we can fund not only this billion, but even incremental capital to your point with Rhode Island and other potential opportunities that we may identify without issuing equity.  So that's the first component of that. In terms of the stock buybacks themselves, again, we're looking at that versus other potential opportunities. And you mentioned inorganic. I talked about last quarter; we don't need M&A to hit the growth profile that we've communicated. Of course, we will be opportunistic as we always have been with M&A. But our -- I would say our focus in the M&A area right now, Shar, is to close Rhode Island, get the integration underway, and really ensure that we have a smooth transition there.  And then as we talked about before, working with the state on the pace of change for the Clean Energy transition up in Rhode Island and then making sure that we're supporting that with the capital and investment plans. So, our focus, I would say, on M&A right now is squarely on that. But as I always say, you never say never. If there's an opportunity that presents itself that we think would create incremental shareholder value above our organic growth plans, certainly it's something that we would consider as we've done in the past; but it's not the core of our strategy right now.
Shar Pourreza: That's perfect. I appreciate it. It seems like you guys are tightening up that gap between rate base and earnings. So, it's good. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America.
Paul Zimbardo: Good morning.
Vincent Sorgi: Good morning.
Paul Zimbardo: Thank you for the time, I have a two-part question, just to clarify Slide 5. Should we be adjusting utility CapEx category for effectively 50% equity content or it's a way that you built some Balance Sheet strength? And also, is it also effectively a toggle that for every incremental dollar of utility CapEx that reduces buyback capacity?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Joe, why don't you tell him about how we're thinking about that.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. So, Paul, clearly what we announced today was a billion dollars of total buybacks by year-end and at least a billion dollars of incremental capital investments. And we've identified some more potential beyond that, but we need to continue the analysis and work through the business plans. The range that you have, you see on that slide, are really just to provide some context to you on the remaining proceeds in those buckets.  And so, as we think about cash and the use of that cash, there's other considerations that we have think about, you know credit, timing of that spend, regulatory mechanisms, broader efficiencies across the largely domestic platform, and all of that will go into our full plan. So, I think once -- we'll be in a better position post the close of Narragansett to discuss the additional details and including how we deploy that remaining proceeds and what falls into each of those pockets.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. I understand. And then you've mentioned the incremental capitals, primarily transmission and distribution. Just wondering if you could frame the Kentucky generation opportunities through 2026 and 2031 from the priority base case you present.
Vincent Sorgi: [Indiscernible] so for -- through 2028, I would say, certainly through '24 which is our next projected coal plant retirement. We don't think we require significant, if any, replacement generation for our '24 retirements. So really the reserve margin starts to tighten when we start to get into the 2028 timeframe. And so, as you can see in the -- on Slide 18, which is the IRP megawatts that we're talking about under the base case and then the high case.  Over the 15-year period, which is really where again, it's post 28 when you see more significant retirements and then ultimate replacement for the increase in energy that we're projecting, both in the base case and then in the high case. We're thinking in the base case, there's probably around $3 billion up investment opportunity over that 15-year period.  Significantly more in the high case, obviously, you're seeing 5600 additional megawatts significantly more renewables in that case, and so the investment opportunity under high case would be -- call it around $10 billion plus or minus, so that's a significant opportunity. As we -- I should clarify, that like the Ford announcement, and some of the other announcements I talked about we're not necessarily in the base case.  They don't necessarily get us to the high case. As again, the high case has EV assumptions, and electric heat assumptions, very high gas prices over that sustained period. Obviously, all of that is still to be determined but I would say the positive thing with the Ford and the other announcements I talked about, at least on the major new customer additions were certainly trending towards the high case versus the base case.  So, the investment opportunity calls it $3 to $10 billion depending on the cases. Not a significant amount in the next 5 years. You might start to see some in 2026 as we plan for the 2028 retirees. But it's really, I would say, just following that time period is when you'll see more significant investment.
Paul Zimbardo: Thank you. That's very helpful. Plus, the FERC comment. Looking forward to seeing you all virtually next week, hopefully in person next year. Thanks again.
Vincent Sorgi: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Vincent Sorgi: Hey, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, Vince. Good morning. I just had one question. All of the other stuff has been asked and you answered those. Just previously you've highlighted a potential perspective range of EPS growth trajectory, comparing PPL's forward-looking findings growth rate to peers. Obviously now, you've talked about the additional equity share buybacks, the CapEx plan is higher. Can you share your thoughts there on what my bet trajectory, the range that EPS growth might fall under?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I would just reiterate, I think, what we've talked about in the past. We've said we expect to have a competitive EPS growth rate off of our '22 midpoint when we come out with that, and as you know, that range is anywhere from 4% to 8%. But I would say most of the ranges within that are even tighter in the 5% to 7% range, and so we would expect to be solidly in that range.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Thanks. And just really one quick one. After this announcement of the $500 million in additional share buy back and the $1 billion in CapEx, we're left with roughly $1 billion in proceeds that still need to be deployed. Is that accurate?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, so we increased the share repurchases from $500 to a billion. And so, it's about 0.5 billion lefts, right?
Joe Bergstein: Going with a billion dollars of capital, your kind of around a billion dollars [Indiscernible] numbers through cash. But we'll continue to evaluate [Indiscernible] use of those billion dollars and the [Indiscernible] more details when we -- after the close of Narragansett.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Thanks Vince and Joe. Appreciate the time.
Joe Bergstein: Sure.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hey.
Vincent Sorgi: Way and combining that with underground high-voltage transmission. And so, for us, it's not about the size of the investment, it's for -- it's really a way for us to be part of an innovative project that hopefully could cut through some of those issues that we all know plague many transmission projects. And so, we're really trying to --
Paul Patterson: I hear you on that. In fact, I'm similar familiar with the project and it does sound -- it sounds awesome, frankly, in terms of just what you talked about. It sounds great. There are 2 issues that I want to ask you about, in terms of the project. And that is there are these 2 complaints that they filed at FERC regarding, I think one is the PJM Interconnection. In other words, just what you said, the project sounds fascinating. It's merchant, it's underground, it's the right-of-way, it's everything you are talking about. What they seem to be complaining though about, is that PJM has this system impact study stuff that's delaying stuff, as you know. They're saying it could be up to three years. The other one is this capacity complaint that they've got, about the -- how they're going to be treated an external resource in the [Indiscernible] market. And so, my question I guess is, with respect to those 2, because I assume you guys have done due diligence even though it may not be that bigger of a project.  And so, you guys might have -- I would assume you guys have more insight than I do about what you think -- how you think those 2 complaints are going to unfold because it seems like they do have the potential to have a significant impact on the economics of the project or at least at the timing of the project. And I've been following this case. I mean they've had testimony go back and forth and what have you. And I just was wondering if you guys had any insight in terms of how you guys are viewing those complaints regarding those 2 issues: the system impact study, and I think it's facility study, 1, and 2. this external capacity treatment that they're seeking to get.
Vincent Sorgi: Greg, I don't know if there's anything specific regarding those issues that you're willing and able to talk to?
Greg Dudkin: Really not too much to talk about. But I guess from a high level, Paul, for us to or for the United States to really get to being much greener and really reducing the carbon footprint, we're going to need a lot more transmission. So, I think these issues brought up on SOO Green project are probably going to be beyond just this project. Those are the types of issues that need to be resolved if we are to really expand the use of renewables and ultimately expand our transmission system.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Fair enough. I -- this sounds like an exciting project. I thought I'd be able to pick your brain a little bit. I appreciate the time, and congratulations on the ROE settlement. That seems like a pretty good deal you guys negotiated there in the Pennsylvania transmission ROE. That's it for me. Thanks so much.
Vincent Sorgi: Okay. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: Good morning.
Vincent Sorgi: Good morning.
Ryan Levine: What's the average price of the $500 million share buyback to-date that you're able to buy in those shares?
Vincent Sorgi: Under 29 bucks?
Ryan Levine: All right.
Joe Bergstein: Yup.
Ryan Levine: And then as you're looking out at -- you mentioned that you're moving towards the high case in Kentucky. From what you're seeing, is there a way to kind of quantify the load upside from additional development within your service territory? And are you seeing any early indications of what post COVID load patterns are in your footprint that may inform some of those fees?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So on -- just in general on the load, I think what we're seeing [Indiscernible] PA we're seeing kind of C&I come back to pretty close to pre - COVID levels. They are a little bit short as you -- we have slides in the deck that show the load and that's really -- things that you're seeing across the country. So, retail and hospitality that those have not fully come back yet. We're seeing the same thing down in Kentucky on that with the commercial. Industrial in Kentucky of course, just a lot of the shutdown issues that we had during COVID, that's all recovered. But with the chip shortages and some of the supply chain issues, we're seeing some of the factories being turned back.  So that's why a little bit short on the C&I side. And then on the residential, we're just seeing in Pennsylvania a lot more workers are still working from home and what we're seeing in Kentucky. So, for the most part, Kentucky is back to pre - COVID. Again, it's a little bit positive, but in PA, we're still quite a bit positive. So, we'll -- we're still waiting to see how much of that remains permanent, Ryan, in terms of load, in terms -- with hybrid work schedules and just more flexibility that companies are providing their workforce.  So, I guess our expectation would be that residential stays slightly above, but that remains to be seen. And then in terms of the announcements that we talked about, probably a little premature to talk about the low, the exact load impacts on those and when they will cut, and when that will show up. We really in the case of Ford plant, the final designs need to be prepared and released. So, I think while certainly qualitatively this is positive for our jurisdiction in the state in general, and I think it will be it'll actually fuel, additional announcements and opportunities for folks that want to come into the state.  Again, we're on top of the E3 energy strategy that the governor announced, I think this all goes very well for economic development opportunities within Kentucky, which I think qualitatively is good for our jurisdictions in our service areas. But putting that into, say, a megawatt of load, I think it's a little premature for that. But as soon as we can do that, we will get that disclosure out.
Ryan Levine: Appreciate the color. And then last one for me, you mentioned some of the -- you highlighted some of the supply chain issues. They're impacting some of the manufacturers in your service territory. But in terms of kind of implementation of the acceleration of CapEx, are you seeing any limitations from supply chain that could kind of pace there or change the pace of implementation of your -- some of your spending?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I'll let Greg talk about that.
Greg Dudkin: Yeah, we're starting to see some extended lead times on some select material and equipment, but we've been able across our footprint, to extend the supplier base and mitigate that to some degree. But we're really not experiencing significant delays in current projects, and don't expect an impact on our increased capital plan, going forward.
Ryan Levine: Appreciate the color.
Vincent Sorgi: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hello. Good morning. Hey, thanks. So, couple of questions. First of all, you obviously did not win [Indiscernible] nor do I know if you even bid for it. So just in terms of your thinking on assets, could you maybe -- it's just a good -- the way to maybe talk about why that wasn't something that you were interested in.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, Steve, I don't think it's appropriate to talk about specific M&A opportunities in the market or even hypotheticals for that matter. So, I would just say, on the M&A front, we're focused on Rhode Island and getting that.
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Vincent Sorgi: Not only to complete it but then, the transition to happen in very smooth way and then get off the TSAs and get fully under our ownership. So that's where our focus is.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Secondly, just going back to that Slide 5 and just to make sure I understand what you're showing here. The additional utility CapEx, that's an asset number, that's not an equity number. Only half of that would be equity roughly. I'm not sure you're actually using all $10.4 billion of cash proceeds when you had the stuff up then or am I -- how do I interpret? Because you're kind of mixing asset with equity?
Vincent Sorgi: I'll let Joe talk to that.
Joe Bergstein: I understand the premise of your question, Steve and it's similar to Paul's question earlier. And -- but you need to -- I think you need to factor in the full transition of the Company and the Balance Sheet after the sale of WPD. So, you think about the use of proceeds, you need -- I think you need to consider the financial strength that provides the ability to execute a more robust business plan without any equity needs. A returning capital to share owners with the buyback. Of course, the acquisition of Narragansett.  But really at this point, we've not finalized our business plans. So, in the interim, we're trying to provide you some broad buckets of the opportunities that we have until we complete the acquisition of Narragansett and are able to provide you a full forecast. So, I get your question, but we need to get through the full process, and think about Rhode Island in the plan and the full options of opportunities and then we will be able to lay it out for you a little bit [Indiscernible] but we're trying to give you some incremental data here until we can get to that point.
Vincent Sorgi: But Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah.
Vincent Sorgi: I think to your point and just to solidify what Joe is saying, So, when we look at that $1 to $2 billion and this is kind of to your point, I think. We can fund that range without additional equity going forward, so.
Steve Fleishman: Absolutely.
Vincent Sorgi: And that I think that's kind of to you --
Steve Fleishman: Right.
Vincent Sorgi: That's kind of to your point. I think.
Steve Fleishman: Kind of. I guess, another way to ask a quest -- that question is, I think you targeted your debt paydown, is this too pretty strong high tripled [Indiscernible] metrics for the amount of debt paydown. So, you've a lot of debt paydown. And then the investment of the additional equity or the additional proceeds, you got kind of feathers in over time. If you use '22 as a base, you're not really putting all this money to work.  And it makes it like almost a little bit of not really the base in a way. So, in theory, if you're growing the same as other utilities off that base, you should be growing just because you haven't put a lot of your money to work at or some trunk of your money back to work. I was just trying to think about if you're going to base the growth off '22, it just -- it's not really a new base.
Joe Bergstein: But certainly, we're putting -- we'll put the money to work on the acquisition of Narragansett, the buybacks are [Indiscernible].
Steve Fleishman: The buyback.
Joe Bergstein: And the debt reductions complete. So, it's significantly behind us and so if you think about the opportunity, I don't know if it is different than any other utilities that has a forward capital plan that hasn't deployed the capital yet. So, I do think it is the base. We have transitioned and TSA and other costs that are in there that are a little different. But as far as utilizing the proceeds, I expect that the lion's share of those will be utilized by the time we get to the close of Narragansett, and provide a forecast and a base year and a growth rate.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi: Thanks [Indiscernible].
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Good afternoon, Vince. Good afternoon, Joe.
Joe Bergstein: Afternoon.
Vincent Sorgi: How are you?
Anthony Crowdell: Good, Vince. This maybe our year six [Indiscernible] I know it's early though. Just -- if I can follow up on Steve's question, and I apologize going back to Slide 5. If I just think about that slide and the additional CapEx you announce today, a billion dollars in the share buybacks total of billion dollars a year. What's left of the proceeds is $700 million. Am I thinking of that correctly?
Joe Bergstein: Yes. That's correct, yes.
Anthony Crowdell: So then do you have the ability to do $2 billion of share buybacks if what's left is $700 million?
Joe Bergstein: I think we do. But again, the intent of this page was to get broad buckets of how we're thinking about the opportunity with the proceeds. And so, I think these all kind of questions get back to the same point. I have to reiterate that we're not through with the business plan yet. So, we're trying to provide some level of detail to you in the interim as we think about this and we work through the plans, putting the -- Vince talked about this. Putting those proceeds, if you will, to the capital, we think is a better use of that capital ultimately to do the work that we need to do on the system and provide the network that customers need and do it in an affordable way. But we're not done and we just need to work through the full of the plan.
Anthony Crowdell: Okay. But you're -- I'm not just thinking share buyback even like if you had an incremental utility CapEx up to $2 billion, another $1 billion, so you've got the $2 billion. If you hit that $2 billion, that would be greater than the proceeds, the 10 fours. Is that accurate?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. But again, the balance sheet is set up so that we can fund our CapEx growth without issuing equity. So, the balance sheet is strong enough to fund all that, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Got it. And then just -- last question. One of the earlier questions I [Indiscernible] talked about maybe the timing of the incremental CapEx and think it's split evenly between Pennsylvania and Kentucky. Just about total thinking about getting that CapEx into rates. I believe in Kentucky; you did have a [Indiscernible] for a couple of years. Just talk about how do you get that additional CapEx into rates.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So, the -- I think Greg said it was relatively evenly split across the years, not between PA and Kentucky. I think this initial billion we've identified is actually more weighted to Pennsylvania than it is Kentucky, [Indiscernible].
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question guys and looking forward to seeing [Indiscernible] EI.
Vincent Sorgi: Great. Thanks.
Joe Bergstein: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Vince Sorgi for some closing remarks.
Vincent Sorgi: Great, just want to thank everyone for joining us on the call and we're looking forward to engaging with everybody next week at EI. So, thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Ludwig, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the PPL Corporation Second Quarter Investor Update. We have provided slides for this presentation and our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation and earnings release, which we will discuss during today's call, contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. Participating on our call this morning are Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO, Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer, and Greg Dudkin, Chief Operating Officer. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you Andy, and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our second quarter investor update. Moving to Slide 3 in the agenda for today's call. I'll begin this morning with an overview of the exciting quarter we've had here at PPL, including an update on our strategic repositioning, our newly announced net-zero emissions goal, along with a brief operational update. Joe will then provide a detailed review of second quarter financial results, and walk through some recent actions we've taken to strengthen PPL's balance sheet. And as always, we'll leave ample time for your questions. Turning to Slide 4, the second quarter has been a busy one, as we continue to advance the strategic repositioning of the company. First, we completed the sale of our UK utility, achieving exceptional value for the business, and once again demonstrating our ability to deliver on our strategic priorities to maximize shareowner value. The sale resulted in net cash proceeds of $10.4 billion, which will support the repositioning of PPL as a high-growth U.S.-regulated utility company. As a reminder, we've earmarked $3.8 billion of those proceeds to acquire Narragansett Electric from National Grid. We also deployed some of the proceeds to achieve our previously stated objective of strengthening our balance sheet, utilizing $3.9 billion to retire $3.5 billion of outstanding holding company debt, which will provide the company with substantial financial flexibility. Regarding the remaining proceeds, we continue to review various options as previously discussed, including investing incremental capital at our utilities or in renewable energy, as well as the repurchase of PPL shares. On the topic of share repurchases, our Board recently authorized the company to repurchase up to $3 billion in PPL common stock. We currently expect to repurchase about $500 million by year-end, while we continue to assess other opportunities to deploy proceeds to maximize shareowner value. The actual amount we apply to share repurchases will depend on various factors, including the determination of other uses for the proceeds. We believe our current plan provides a balance of an efficient use of proceeds while still maintaining financial flexibility. I'll note that we are in the process of re-evaluating our capital plans for incremental investment opportunities for the benefit of our customers. As a result, we have removed our prior capital and rate-based projection from our presentation. We'll provide further updates to our capital and rate-based plans after we complete this review. The UK sale represented an important first step in our strategic repositioning, simplifying our structure with a clear focus on U.S. rate-regulated utilities, and strengthening our balance sheet while providing much greater flexibility to support future growth. We're also making great progress in the acquisition of Narragansett Electric in Rhode Island. To date, we've satisfied our HSR and FCC requirements, and on July 16th, the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities granted a waiver of jurisdiction over the sale, streamlining the overall path to regulatory approval for the acquisition. We continue to make progress on securing approvals from FERC and the Rhode Island Division of Public Utilities and Carriers, which are the two remaining approvals required for the transaction. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to close the transaction by March of next year, with hopes of closing before year-end. As we pursue the final regulatory approvals, we are working closely with National Grid on transition planning to ensure a seamless transition for Rhode Island customers and Narragansett employees upon closing. We've also announced our planned leadership team for the Rhode Island utility. Dave Bonenberger, who has nearly 4 decades of energy industry experience, including leading both the transmission and distribution businesses at PPL Electric Utilities, will serve as the Rhode Island President upon completion of the transaction. Dave is well-positioned to lead the execution of our operational strategy in Rhode Island, as we seek to drive significant value for Rhode Island customers and to support the state's decarbonization goals. Dave will be joined in Rhode Island by former National Grid employees in creating a strong, experienced, and local leadership team with a deep commitment to delivering energy safely and reliably to Rhode Island customers. Moving to Slide 5. In addition to strong execution towards our strategic repositioning, we also continue to advance our clean energy transition strategy and announced the new net-zero carbon emissions goal this morning. This goal encompasses greenhouse gas emissions from our Kentucky generation, as well as other aspects of our business, as outlined in the footnote on the slide. PPL is fully committed to driving innovation to enable net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and to ensure a balanced, responsible, and just transition for our employees, communities, and customers as we advance towards our clean energy goals. Our new goal reflects our continuous evaluation of our progress and opportunities through ongoing business and resource planning efforts. Based on our latest reviews, we believe we are on a path to achieve 80% emissions reduction by 2040, a full decade ahead of our prior goal. As a result, in addition to today's announced net-zero emissions goal, we've also accelerated our previous interim goals, now targeting an 80% reduction by 2040 and a 70% reduction by 2035. In addition, we are undertaking an enterprise-wide effort to enhance our clean energy strategy and develop additional programs, metrics, and goals that will guide our path to net-zero emissions. We've hired an industry-leading global consulting firm to assist us in this endeavor. In addition to this strategic initiative, we are completing an updated scenario-based climate assessment, to evaluate the potential impacts to PPL from climate change and potential future requirements. Our last Climate Assessment Report was published in 2017. Our updated assessment, which we intend to publish later this year will analyze multiple scenarios, including a scenario tied to limiting the global temperature increase to no more than 1.5 degrees celsius. As we conduct our climate assessment, our efforts will be informed by our ongoing integrated resource planning activities in Kentucky. LG&E and KU submit an IRP once every three years to the Kentucky Public Service Commission, and the next IRP will be filed in October of this year. Both the climate assessment and the IRP will serve as key inputs as we further define the pathway to achieving our emissions goal. Wrapping up this slide, we recognize that achieving these emissions reductions while maintaining reliability and affordability will require significant advances in clean energy technology and solutions that can be scaled economically to meet the country's energy needs. This is especially true as we support greater electrification of other sectors. With that in mind, investing in research and development is a key pillar of our clean energy strategy. And we continue to look for opportunities to engage in this area, to drive the innovation and solutions necessary to achieve net-zero. PPL, for example, is an anchor sponsor of the Low-Carbon Resources Initiative being led by EPRI and the Gas Technology Institute, and I chair EPRI's LCRI Board working group. We also recently joined Energy Impact Partners global investment platform, which brings together leading companies and entrepreneurs worldwide to foster innovation towards a sustainable energy future. Through our participation in the EIP platform, PPL will support up to $50 million in investments aimed at accelerating the shift to a low-carbon future and driving commercial-scale solutions needed to deliver deep economy-wide decarbonization. Apart from LCRI and EIPs investment platform, we also continue to engage in a number other R&D efforts related to clean energy technologies and enhancing the power grid. These collaborative efforts provide PPL greater visibility into emerging technologies, that can be leveraged to advance to clean energy transition, and we will continue to look for opportunities to expand our work and support in this area. Moving to Slide 6. We've outlined our updated path to net-zero carbon emissions on this slide, along with our current expectations on coal fire generation capacity in Kentucky, which is consistent with the generation planning and analysis study included in our recently approved rate case filings. It’s clear that we'll need to advance technology to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 as we balance the need for affordable, reliable, and sustainable energy for our customers. Based on these current factors and consistent with our most recent rate case filings in Kentucky, we currently expect to achieve a reduction in our coal-fired capacity of 70% by 2035, 90% by 2040, and 95% by 2050 from our baseline in 2010. We anticipate having about 550 megawatts of remaining coal-fired generation in 2050 due to our highly efficient and relatively new Trimble County Unit 2 that started commercial operation in 2011. Therefore, our objective is to continue to explore innovative ways through our R&D efforts to economically drive these reductions further, while supporting our customers and local communities. We have also assessed the implications of advancing these goals even further. Our internal view of what it could take to achieve 100% carbon-free generation by 2035, as proposed by the Biden administration, using current technologies would create significant affordability issues for our customers. Our new commitment to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, is backed by the actions that we are and will continue to take to support a low carbon energy system that is affordable, and reliable, and provides the time needed for the technology to advance. Next on Slide 7, I'll cover the details of the Kentucky rate cases. On June 30th, the KPSC approved the settlements that LG&E and KU had reached with parties to their rate reviews with certain modifications. At a high level, the order support continued investment to modernize our energy infrastructure, strengthen grid resilience, and upgrade LG&E 's natural gas system to enhance safety and reliability for those we serve. Effective July 1st, the KPSC authorized a combined $199 million increase in annual revenue for LG&E and KU, within the allowed base ROE of 9.425%, and a 9.35% ROE for the environmental cost recovery and gas line tracker mechanisms. In addition, the KPSC approved a $53 million economic release sur-credit that was proposed by LG&E and KU, to help mitigate the impact of rate adjustments until mid-2022. Importantly, the commission's order authorized the full deployment of advanced metering infrastructure, which will empower customers with detailed energy usage information, enable LG&E and KU to respond more quickly to power outages, and improve operational efficiency. We continue to believe the resulting O&M savings from installing advanced meters will exceed the cost of this investment for the benefit of our customers. The $350 million capital costs of the proposed AMI investment are not included in the new rates that took effect July 1st. Instead, we will record our investment in the AMI projects as SEAWIP and accrue AFUDC during the projects implementation period. The KPSC also approved a very constructive retired asset recovery rider to provide recovery of and a return on the remaining net book values of retired generation assets as well as associated inventory and decommissioning costs. The rider will provide cost recovery over 10 years upon retirement of such assets as well as a return on those investments at the utilities than the weighted average cost of capital. As we announced in January, Mill Creek Unit 1 is expected to retire in 2024. Mill Creek Unit 2 and E.W. Brown Unit 3 are expected to be retired in 2028 as they reach the end of their economic useful lives. These units represent a combined 1,000 megawatts of coal-fired generating capacity. The Retired Asset Recovery Rider balances the interests of all stakeholders and provides certainty of recovery for the prudent investments made in these coal plants. Under the settlement agreements approved by the KPSC, LG&E and KU have committed that they will not increase the new base rates for at least 4 years, subject to certain exceptions. And before leaving this slide, I would note that in approving the settlement agreements, the Commission adjusted the proposed base ROE downward from 9.55% to 9.425%, and disallowed the recovery of certain legal costs. These modifications reduced the annual revenue requirements proposed in the settlements by approximately $20 million. We have filed a request for a limited rehearing on these matters. And finally, turning to Slide 8. In other highlights across PPL, we continue to achieve recognition for our strong commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion, innovation, and safety. During the second quarter, PPL was recognized by DiversityInc in 2 distinct areas: first, as one of the top utilities in the nation for workforce diversity, and second, as one of the top 50 companies for ESG, determined by several factors including our programs and practices surrounding talent in the workforce, corporate social responsibility and philanthropy, supplier diversity programs, and overall leadership and governance. PPL has also been named the best place to work for disability inclusion for the fourth consecutive year, earning a perfect score on the 2021 disability equality index. And finally, PPL Electric Utilities received the South Eastern Electric Changes Chairman's Award for its groundbreaking technology that safely and automatically cuts power to downed power lines. These awards reflect a corporate strategy focused on creating value for all stakeholders as grounded in our five strategic priorities. These include achieving industry-leading performance and safety, reliability, customer satisfaction, and operational efficiency advancing a clean energy transition while maintaining affordability and reliability, maintaining a strong financial foundation and creating long-term value for our shareholders, fostering a diverse and exceptional workplace, and building strong communities in the areas we serve. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update, Joe.
Joseph Bergstein: Thank you Vince, and good morning everyone. Turning to Slide 10. Today we announce Second Quarter reported earnings of $0.03 per share. This reflects special item net losses of $0.16 per share, primarily related to a UK tax rate change, and a loss on the early extinguishment of debt, partially offset by earnings from the UK utility business that have been recorded as discontinued operations. I'll note that the tax-related item was a non-cash adjustment before the completion of the sale of WPD in June. Adjusting for these special items, the second-quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.19 per share compared with $0.20 per share a year ago. We remain encouraged by the economic recovery from the pandemic in both our Pennsylvania and Kentucky jurisdictions, which has resulted in continuously improving commercial and industrial sales. These higher sales were offset by several factors, which I will cover in the next slide. Let's move to Slide 11 for a more detailed look at our second quarter segment results. As a reminder, we've adjusted the 2020 corporate and other amounts to reflect certain costs previously reflected in the UK regulated segment, which was primarily interest expense. The total amount of these costs was about $0.02 per share for the Quarter. Turning to the ongoing segment results. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment results were $0.02 per share lower compared to a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to lower adjusted gross margins, driven by lower peak transmission demand as discussed in Q1 and consistent with our expectations, and an increase in the reserve recorded as a result of a challenge to the transmission-based return on equity. Partially offsetting these negative variances were increased returns on additional capital investments. We also experienced an additional $0.01 decline due to favorable tax-related items recorded in the second quarter of 2020. Turning to our Kentucky Regulated segment, results were $0.01 per share higher than our comparable results in Q2 2020. The increase was primarily driven by higher commercial industrial demand revenue as we experience strong recovery in 2021 in these sectors from the significant impacts of COVID-19 and lower interest expense primarily due to the interest cost previously allocated to the Kentucky Regulated segment in 2020 that are now reflected in corporate and other. Partially offsetting these items was higher operation and maintenance expense primarily at our generation plants. Results at Corporate and Other were flat compared with a year ago. Higher interest costs of a penny, a share related to the corporate debt previously allocated to the Kentucky segment, were offset by several factors that were not individually significant. Turning to Slide 12, I'll cover some notable financing-related updates. First, following the sale of the UK utility business, we successfully completed a series of financing activities in June and July that led to a significant reduction in Holding Company debt. The result was a total reduction of PPL Capital Funding debt by about $3.5 billion, which was in line with our previously discussed targets. Through these actions, we've reduced total Holding Company debt to about 20% of PPL's total outstanding debt, while effectively clearing all near-term maturities at PPL Capital Funding through 2025. We've provided a detailed breakdown of these actions in the appendix of today's presentation. In addition to the activity at PPL Capital Funding, we redeemed at par $250 million at LG&E and KU energy in July, which was part of our original financing plan for the year to simplify the capital structure of the Company by eliminating intermediate holding Company debt. That was the final remaining outstanding debt security at the LKE entity. Therefore, we have deregistered LKE as we no longer expect to issue debt out of this entity. We expect PPL capital funding will be the financing entity at the holding Company level to provide support to all of our operating subsidiaries. The successful execution of liability management leaves PPL well-positioned and on track to achieve our targeted credit metrics post-closing of the Narragansett Electric acquisition. In addition to these notable financing updates, we also reduced outstanding short-term debt as efficient use of available cash until we fully deploy the remaining proceeds from the sale of WPD. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In summary, as we continue to execute our strategic priorities, I am incredibly excited about PPL's future. We continue to deliver electricity and natural gas safely, reliably, and affordably for our customers. We continue to evolve our clean energy strategy and drive innovation across our Company. We completed the sale of our UK utility business, achieving outstanding value for our shareowners. We're on track to close on our Narragansett acquisition within the expected timeframes. And the new PPL will emerge from our strategic repositioning, as a much stronger Company, one poised for long-term growth and success. With that Operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator instructions] [Operator instructions]. Today's first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Vincent Sorgi: Morning Shar.
Shar Pourreza: So first off, looking at the 2.5 billion that remains unallocated after the ‘21 buyback, how should we think about the timing of the allocation decision-making process? I mean, maybe put differently, how long will it take to evaluate the CapEx opportunity set across the footprint? What are the trigger points there, if any? Is it the Kentucky IRP? Is it Rhode Island closure? I mean, I guess, Vince, how long will you sit on it, and is the door completely closed on an outright regulated utility acquisition at this point? Maybe just give us a little bit of a sense of the background and the process that you just went through. Thanks.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. You hit a lot in that question Shar. In terms of timing, I would say that we're not really setting an arbitrary timeline to complete this. We want to make sure that we're going through this process in a disciplined and diligent way as we always do, so not really setting an artificial timeline on that, but to your point, you mentioned many of the factors that really are going into the process. So we're in the middle right now of assessing the capital plans, including for Rhode Island once acquired, and we do see additional T&D opportunities across the utilities, Again, including Rhode Island, for the benefit of our customers to drive improved efficiency and resiliency of the networks, as well as additional gas LDC investments to further enhance the safety of those operations. And again, from a capital deployment perspective, we think deploying capital into the utilities can create significant value for all of our customers and our shareowners. A lot of work going on right now going through that. You mentioned having the closure of Rhode Island, that's obviously a key component of how we think about capital deployment moving forward within the utilities. In terms of timing, we'll want to see the closure of getting the deals on. You also mentioned the IRP in Kentucky, that as well as the Climate Assessment Report, will be key inputs into our Clean Energy strategy going forward, there could be some capital deployment opportunities coming out of that. I think you hit all the points in terms of the areas that we're looking at that will ultimately drive the organic use of the remaining proceeds. In terms of M&A, I would just say that first of all, we don't need M&A to hit the targets that we're -- that we are targeting from both earnings and a growth perspective, and we will continue to be disciplined as we look at M&A opportunities as we always have been. I'll just say that the current valuations that we're seeing in the market are quite high. The utilities are trading quite expensively right now. We didn't pay anywhere near some of those valuations for Rhode Island, and we continue to think the Rhode Island [Indiscernable] will drive value for our shareowners. It will be earnings accretive, credit accretive, and value accretive for our shareowners. So again, from our perspective, maintaining discipline is incredibly important and we'll continue to do that.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And not to paraphrase, it just sounds like your organic Capex opportunities are the best use of the residual cash flows versus coming out and doing something inorganic in this kind of a market.
Vincent Sorgi: Well, again, I would say, never say never, but it's not impossible to create value at these valuations, but it is tough. So we'll continue to look at inorganic opportunities, strategic opportunities, but again, maintaining that discipline as we think about capital deployment opportunities organically as I talked about, but also share buybacks as well.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly from you Vince, what is the Board's decision mean for maybe the timing of the dividend adjustment, and just remind us on the targeted payout range in the long term. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So we will come out with the dividend guidance and all of that once we close the Rhode Island transaction. At that point in time, we'll be able to come out with our earnings guidance, what's the growth rate, of the range on the growth rate for earnings. As we've indicated, we expect, once we adjust the dividend to a targeted payout of around 60% to 65%, we would expect to be able to grow that going forward in line with our earnings. And all of that will be communicated once we close the Rhode Island transaction.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect thanks a lot and congrats on the execution. I'll pass it to someone else. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you Shar.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team, and thanks for the update today. Maybe just going back to the use of proceeds, can you just talk -- one of the things the press release says Vince, is the opportunities organically with your current assets, maybe can you just elaborate on them. Where do you see those opportunities, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Rhode Island all three, maybe just a little bit more color?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Thanks, Durgesh. I think we see opportunity across the entire portfolio once we acquire Rhode Island, of course, we need to get through the regulatory process in Rhode Island, we will be meeting with the Governor and the legislature up there, as well as the commission and regulatory bodies on putting together what we think the best investment plan moving forward for Rhode Island will be. We've talked about the Clean Energy aspirations that the state has, they are quite aggressive when you compare them to other states, which we completely think we can support with what we've been able to accomplish in Pennsylvania and be able to replicate that up there. I think for us Durgesh, it's really about working with the state stakeholders and identify how quickly they want to move on that and then how quickly can we deploy our operating model and keep it affordable for our customers. We see tremendous opportunity up there, but that's something that we'll be working on once we close the deal. Having said that, I think we see continued opportunity both in Pennsylvania and Kentucky to continue to bring those utilities along the utility of the futures curve and continue to make investments in PA and Kentucky as well. So those are the activities we're going through right now over the summer and we'll be in a position to communicate that again once the Rhode Island deal closes and we come out with the whole story.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Looks like opportunities are throughout your existing platform. Then maybe just I'm curious, 500 million this year in share buybacks. Why 500 million?
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah, we just thought that it struck a nice balance in terms of deploying the proceeds in an efficient manner, do some buybacks, but also provide us with the financial flexibility to continue to assess alternatives against further buyback. So we just felt that that was a nice balance, Durgesh. And again, we'll continue to look at the other opportunities between now and certainly closing of the deal, but potentially a little bit after that as well.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. And then just to be clear, you had roughly 3.5 billion in proceeds left after the Narragansett acquisition. So with the 500 million shares back, you would have roughly 3 billion in excess cash to be deployed; is that correct?
Vincent Sorgi: No, I think it's closer to 2 billion to 2.5 billion.
Joseph Bergstein: That's right.
Vincent Sorgi: After the liability management.
Joseph Bergstein: And the buyback subject, yes. So after the --
Vincent Sorgi: And the buyback, yeah.
Joseph Bergstein: Right. Including liability management.
Durgesh Chopra: So 2 to 2.5?
Joseph Bergstein: Right.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Thank you very much.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure.
Joseph Bergstein: Sure.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ryan Greenwald of BofA, please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin: Hey guys, it's Julien on. Thanks again for the moment here. If I can go back and clarify the last couple of questions here. Just on timing, just to make sure we heard you right. You specifically designated 0.5 billion for '21, or at least the balance of the year here, as well as, if you think about the next few months, you should start to get some clarity on the CapEx? So when you think about that available capital here, you're going to get the clarity of what is “remaining” in the not-too-distant future? I just want to make sure at least from an available visibility perspective, you'll know pretty soon?
Vincent Sorgi: I mean, certainly we'll be working that through the summer, and through the business planning process, Julien. We, of course, need to take all that to the Board, get all that approved, and so in terms of publicly being able to disclose at an outset, still, I think that will coincide with the closing of the deal. If that happens before our year-end earnings call, as you know we normally would provide an update on the capital plans at our year-end call. If the deal goes beyond the year-end call, then certainly we would expect to provide that update then. But again, if the deal closes prior to the call, I think you could expect it in concert with the deal announcement and coming out with a news story, post-deal.
Julien Dumoulin: Got it. And just to clarify here, I mean, how do you think or rank a transmission asset versus distribution versus other asset types? I know we've talked about this before, but obviously, the market's been fairly volatile. And obviously, if you comment, fairly elevated across the number of these asset classes. So curious if that has driven any rethink. As well as, are you opening minority ownership in assets? I suspect that's equally robust in terms of valuations, but just figured I would throw it out there.
Vincent Sorgi: So T versus D versus other transmissions -- well, first of all, we think as long as the capital deployment serves our customers well and is providing value to our customers, we think that's a good use of capital across all of the business segments. The returns are still strong in all 3, are really in transmission and distribution, but also generation down in Kentucky, as well as gas. But transmission still has slightly higher ROEs than distribution. But again, we're not strained from an ability to finance capital perspective. So it's not like we're deciding whether we're going to do transmission versus distribution.
Julien Dumoulin: Got it. And the last one, just to clarify this. You went through your portfolio just now on the call a little bit, but the Kentucky Power, Mitchell update here, any read-throughs at all to your planning? Just want to make sure.
Vincent Sorgi: No.
Julien Dumoulin: Okay. All right. Excellent. Thank you all very much. All the best and I look forward to seeing what you have to say.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. Thanks, Julien.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Vincent Sorgi: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just first of all, on Rhode Island, do we have a procedural schedule? I haven't been able to locate one, I was just wondering, do you guys have any key dates on coming up here in Rhode Island?
Vincent Sorgi: We do not. The division has not yet put out the procedural schedule, Paul. So you're not missing it.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just finally on the EIP and your discussion on the call about technology, the need to find affordable solutions. Wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit further on this. The $50 million investment, is that all in the Elevate Fund, and just how should we think about the accounting on this, are you guys going to be expensing this, or capitalizing it, or how do we think about that?
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So the -- it's not all going in the Elevate Fund, it is across multiple funds that are driving really the -- some of the funds are focused on the utility of the future and innovation in that space, smart technologies, and others. They're focused on decarbonization technologies, so EVs or energy storage or things like that. So really it cuts across multiple funds within the EIP platform. And from our perspective, the benefit of that, Paul, is that we get -- I mean, not only has EIP demonstrated positive returns in the fund, which takes what traditionally would be a cost center for a Company with R&D efforts, and potentially turn that into neutral to a positive return. But really the strategic value of getting in there is that we get broad feet so we have visibility into the technologies that are emerging in all of these different areas, as we think about the potential for demonstration projects, or just where we think the next breakthrough in technology will come.  Whether that's on carbon capture or energy storage when you have long-duration storage technologies. Various different areas that we're looking at, as we think about getting to net-zero for not only the fleet but economy-wide.
Paul Patterson: So this -- should we think about this as being your primary vehicle for looking at technology or emerging technology R&D or you mentioned some other things, and I apologize, but I was slightly distracted when you were talking about it. You mentioned I think, EPRI and some other things. I mean, is there -- are you looking for additional investments in this area or? I mean, how should we just -- I'm just wondering how much of an initiative you are putting into this and also if there's any particular technology that you're finding particularly interesting or exciting.
Vincent Sorgi: Well, I would say that EIP is part of it. I wouldn't say it's necessarily the primary R&D avenue, but certainly, it's part of our strategy there. You talked about EPRI and the Low-Carbon Resources Initiative. So I have just recently taken over the Board Working Group Chair role for EPRI, and so we're integrally involved with the expert team in EPRI and looking at various different technologies. Again, as it relates to carbon capture, new nuclear, hydrogen, ammonia, all different types of decarbonization technology. Again, EPRI is focused on, what are the technological breakthroughs or the emerging technologies that are currently being looked at, but they're also assessing alternatives to those, and then identifying demonstration projects down the road to try to commercialize some of these newer technologies. And so we are actively engaged with them on all of that depending on how those things evolve, whether it's hydrogen for storage or even hydrogen blending for gas LVCs or combined cycle generation. There's a way to go, I think to prove all that out for hydrogen, but there's a lot of work and a lot of activity going on there. Carbon capture sequestration continues to be an area, again about 80% of the world's energy is coming from fossil fuels still, so for the globe to get to net-zero at some point, we think carbon capture will have to play a role in that, and so EPRI is spending some time on that as well. Again, nuclear, looking at different forms of nuclear modular unitso[, etc, could also play a role by making those units smaller and more adaptable. So a lot of things going on there, Paul, and I think we're -- our strategy is to make sure that we keep our finger on the pulse there. Again, we'll be retiring coal plants this decade and next. And so could there be potential opportunities for demonstration projects on some of those plants? We'll work with the state to see if there are opportunities there, as we think about again, Trimble County 2, which went into service in 2011. And so unless things change at the federal level where that plant will be forced to be shut, Our current projection is that it would continue to be economic in 2015, and so identifying these technological advancements to drive specifically that plant to net-zero. But again, you're going to have combined-cycle fleets that are part of the transition strategy that you've heard from me and many of my --
Paul Patterson: I think I understood. It's basically a finger on pulse kind of thing is how we should think about this as opposed to saying that we're going to see impacting earnings in any significant way in the next few years. Is that probably the best way to think about it?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, I think so, certainly in the near term.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I do appreciate it. Thank you so much.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. Hey, Vince, just in thinking about I guess two things. One is in thinking about the potential for a more organic capital plan, you have this multi-year deal that you just did in Kentucky. So I'm just kind of curious about the regulatory mechanisms you have to recover and increase in CapEx if that happens over this period? And then secondly, how long are you willing to hold -- sometimes it's hard to raise CapEx to later in the plan, and you have this money up front and actually if you turn it into an actual rate-based number, 2.5 billion is 5 billion of rate-base, it's a lot of rate base. How should we think about how long you're willing to wait to put the money to work so to speak?
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So I think, maybe I'll answer your second question first. We don't want to put an artificial timeline on the use of the proceeds. So the first step I think is getting through the detailed process of identifying the organic growth opportunities and putting those plans together, and to your point, when do they get staged in, in terms of '22 maybe versus potential feeding into the back part of the five-year plan and then even beyond that. So I would just say the first step is to get through that, and then we'll assess the timing of when that cash is needed, and then see exactly how much is really fitting into the scenario that you're talking about. In terms of the mechanisms, while we're staying out, first of all, I would just say that, again, in Pennsylvania, we've been very successful at growing our rate base and our earnings despite staying out of rate cases, and we haven't had a distribution rate case since January 1st of 2016. But over that time, and again, this is just distribution, we've grown our rate base 6%, 7% CAGR over that time period, and our net income CAGR has pretty much stayed in line with that rate base growth and the way that you're able to do that is obviously, we have some mechanisms within the different jurisdictions that reduce regulatory lag, whether it's the in PA or the ECR, the gas line tracker in Kentucky, of course, we have some in Rhode Island as well, around capital planning. But also when you deploy the capital in many cases you will see operational efficiencies as a result, and so those operational efficiencies can drive a return on that capital even though you're staying out of rate cases. So I will say that our -- we don't think the right answer just because we're staying out of rate cases is not to invest in the networks. It's incredibly important that we continue to reinvest in the networks, and then making sure that we do that in a way that drives efficiency for the customers and drives the return while we are staying out. We have the experience and successfully done that in Pennsylvania, so we'll look to replicate that. But just because we're staying put, we don't think that that means that there won't be a rate base or earnings growth opportunity.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any final remark.
Vincent Sorgi: Great. Thanks to everybody for your participation, thanks for your questions. Everybody has a great day and look forward to the next time we get together. Thanks so much.
Operator: And thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation First quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Ludwig: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on First Quarter 2021 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation and our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website. Before we get started, I'll draw your attention to Slide 2 and a brief cautionary statement. Our presentation and earnings release, which we'll discuss during today's call, contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events.  Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call.  For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the appendix. Participating on our call this morning are Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO; Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin, Chief Operating Officer; and Paul Thompson, the Head of our Kentucky Utility business. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our first quarter earnings call. Moving to the agenda for today's call on Slide 3. I'll begin this morning with a brief overview of first quarter financial performance. I'll share a few operational highlights as well as an update on the 2 strategic transactions we announced in March.  Joe will provide a more detailed overview of first quarter financial results. And as always, we'll leave ample time for your questions. Turning to Slide 4. Today, we announced the first quarter reported net loss of $2.39 per share. This reflects special item net losses of $2.67 per share, primarily related to reporting WPD's discontinued operations this quarter.  Adjusting for special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.28 per share compared with $0.27 per share a year ago. These results were in line with our expectations for the quarter. Compared to last year, improved margins were the most significant driver of the increase, primarily due to more favorable weather compared to the mild winter we experienced in 2020.  Shifting to a few operational highlights. Now over a year into the pandemic, I'm pleased to report that operationally, all 7 of our utilities continue to perform extremely well with no operational issues to report. We continue to operate in a very similar manner to last year with many of our team members continuing to work from home.  We continue to stress the importance of social distancing and mask wearing within our facilities and at our work site. With vaccinations in full swing, we are beginning to turn our attention to return to office planning and protocols. However, we are not expecting to deviate from our current mode of operations for at least a few more months and perhaps until end of summer for some of our locations.  We've been able to operate extremely well during this virtual working environment, as evidenced not only by our strong operational performance, but also our ability to execute 2 significant strategic transactions simultaneously in a fully virtual manner. Our #1 priority has been and will continue to be the safety of our employees and our customers, so we will be very diligent in our return-to-office planning.  Moving to an update on the Kentucky rate case proceedings. We reached unanimous settlement agreements subject to Kentucky Public Service Commission approval with all parties in our rate reviews for both LG&E and KU. The agreements cover all matters in the review except for net metering. We have a long track record of working constructively with the parties to our rate reviews to achieve positive outcomes that balance the interest of all our stakeholders, and this time was no exception.  The settlement agreements were filed with the KPSC on April 19, and hearings were held last week. We expect KPSC orders on all settled matters by June 30 with new rates effective July 1. I'll review the terms of the settlement agreements in a bit more detail on the next slide.  Moving to Pennsylvania. PPL Electric Utilities recently received the 2021 Energy Star Partner of the Year award from the EPA and Department of Energy. This award recognizes outstanding corporate energy management programs and is the EPA's highest level of recognition. It reflects PPL's commitment to protecting the environment and helping customers save energy and money.  In April, we also made a number of leadership changes to help further position the company for long-term success, especially as we plan for the integration of Narragansett Electric into the PPL family of regulated utilities. Greg Dudkin was promoted to Chief Operating Officer of PPL from his prior role as President of PPL Electric Utilities.  Under Greg's leadership over the past decade, PPL Electric Utilities has been focused squarely on creating the utility of the future. The business has developed one of the nation's most advanced electricity networks has consistently delivered award-winning customer satisfaction and has firmly established itself as an industry leader in reliability.  This advanced grid that we've built at PPL Electric Utilities uniquely positions us to partner with the state of Rhode Island in support of their ambitious decarbonization goals of net zero by 2050, and potentially driving toward 100% renewable energy by 2030. We continue to be very excited about the opportunity to bring our experience and expertise to an already very strong utility in Narragansett Electric. Greg will also focus on driving continuous improvement and best practices across our already strong regulated utility operations.  Stephanie Raymond is succeeding Greg as the President of PPL Electric Utilities. Stephanie has been a key member of PPL electric utilities leadership team for nearly a decade and has led both the transmission and distribution functions. She has played a central role in spearheading our operational excellence in Pennsylvania, as well as our forward-looking investments to strengthen grid resilience and prepare for increased distributed energy resources.  Our Pennsylvania customers are in very good hands with Stephanie now at the helm of PPL Electric Utilities. We also hired Wendy Stark as our new Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Wendy replaces Joanne Raphael, who announced her retirement from the company effective June 1 after an impressive and distinguished 35-year career with our company. We certainly wish Joanne all the best as she transitions to this new phase of her life. Wendy joins PPL from Pepco Holdings, where she served as Senior Vice President, Legal and Regulatory Strategy and General Counsel.  Wendy is an excellent addition to our team, and she's already making her presence known as we prepare for the regulatory approval process for the Narragansett acquisition. She brings to PPL significant experience in leading legal teams and extensive background in regulatory matters and a deep knowledge of our industry. I'm very excited about the strong leadership team that we've assembled here at PPL.  I believe it's the right team at the right time as we strategically reposition PPL for long-term growth in success. Finally, I'll note that we continue to make good progress on the regulatory approval processes. Related to both the WPD sale and the Narragansett acquisition. In the U.K., we remain on track to close the WPD sale by the end of July. On April 22, National Grid shareowners voted overwhelmingly to approve the transaction.  And on May 4, we received the Guernsey approval, leaving just the financial conduct authority approval outstanding in the U.K. while we have no assurance as to the timing of this final approval, the WPD sale could close as early as this month. In the U.S., we've made all the required regulatory filings to secure approval for the Narragansett Electric acquisition.  We've requested the Rhode Island Division of Public Utilities and Carriers to decide on our petition by November 1, 2021. While we cannot be assured, the division will decide on our petition in that time frame, we remain confident in our ability to close on the acquisition by March of next year. The transition teams for both PPL and National Grid have been formed. And have actively begun planning to ensure a seamless transition for both employees and Rhode Island customers upon the approval and closing of the transaction.  The PPL transition team is being led by Greg Dudkin, with strong executive presence and experienced leaders on the team, who will oversee the eventual integration of Narragansett Electric into PPL. I'll also note that we've had very constructive discussions with public officials in Rhode Island since our announcement. These interactions have only strengthened my belief that PPL is well positioned to drive real value for Rhode Island customers in their communities and to play a key role in helping the state achieve its ambitious decarbonization goals.  Turning to Slide 5 in a bit more detail on the settlement agreements in Kentucky. We believe the agreements, which again require approval of the KPSC, represent constructive outcomes for all stakeholders and that they minimize the near-term rate impact on customers while still providing LG&E and KU the opportunity to recover their costs by providing safe and reliable service. The settlements proposed a combined revenue increase of $217 million for LG&E KU with an allowed base ROE of 9.55%. These revenue increases enable LG&E and KU to continue modernizing the grid, strengthening grid resilience and upgrading LG&E's natural gas system to enhance safety and reliability.  They include LG&E and KU'S proposed $53 million economic release store credit to help mitigate the impact of the rate adjustments until mid-2022. The stipulation reflects the continuation of the currently approved depreciation rates for Mill Creek Units 1 and 2 and Brown Unit 3 for rate making purposes, rather than using the depreciation rates proposed in our original applications.  We had initially requested the depreciation rates for these units to be updated with their expected retirement over the next decade as they reach the end of their economic useful lives. This adjustment reduces the requested revenue increases by approximately $70 million. In a related provision, the settlement agreements also proposed the establishment of a retired asset recovery rider to provide recovery of and on the remaining net book values of retired generation assets as well as associated inventory and decommissioning costs.  The writer would provide recovery over a 10-year period upon retirement, as well as a return on those investments at the utilities than weighted average cost of capital. As we announced in January, Mill Creek Unit 1 is expected to retire in 2024. And Mill Creek Unit 2 and E.W. Brown Unit 3 are expected to be retired in 2028 as they reach the end of their economic useful lives.  These units represent a combined 1,000 megawatts of coal-fired generating capacity. The settlements also proposed full deployment of advanced metering infrastructure, I'll note that the capital cost of the proposed AMI investment is not included in the revenue requirements in these rate cases. We'll record our investment in the AMI project as [indiscernible] and a crew AFUDC during the AMI implementation period.  And finally, the settlement agreements include commitments that LG&E and KU will not increase base rates for at least 4 years, subject to certain exceptions. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for a detailed overview of our first quarter financial results. Joe?
Joseph Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. I'll cover our first quarter segment results on Slide 6. And with the U.K. now reflected as discontinued operations, we removed the U.K. Regulated segment from our quarterly earnings walk. In connection with this change, we have also updated our ongoing segment presentation for certain items. First, we have adjusted the 2020 corporate and other amount to reflect certain costs previously reflected in the U.K. Regulated segment, which was primarily interest expense.  The total amount of these costs was about $0.01 per share for the quarter. In addition, beginning with our 2021 results, corporate level financing costs will no longer be allocated for segment reporting purposes. Those costs were primarily related to the acquisition financing of the Kentucky Regulated segment and will also be reflected in corporate and other moving forward.  Now turning to the domestic segment drivers. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results were flat compared to a year ago. During the first quarter, we experienced higher distribution adjusted gross margins resulting primarily from higher sales volumes due to favorable weather compared to the prior year, a year in which we experienced a mild winter. Weather in Pennsylvania was essentially flat to our forecast for Q1 2021, with quarterly heating degree days slightly below normal conditions. Adjusted gross margins related to transmission were slightly lower for the first quarter.  Returns on additional capital investments were offset by lower peak transmission demand and a reserve recorded as a result of a challenge to the transmission formula rate return on equity. Settlement negotiations related to the challenge are currently proceeding, but there can be no assurance that they will result in a final settlement. Finally, we experienced lower O&M expense of about $0.01 per share in Pennsylvania during the first quarter compared to 2020. Turning to our Kentucky Regulated segment. Results were $0.02 per share higher than our comparable results in Q1 2020.  The increase was primarily driven by higher sales volumes, primarily due to favorable weather, and similar to Pennsylvania, weather was flat compared to our forecast. Partially offsetting the increase from higher sales was higher operation and maintenance expense, primarily at our generation plants. Results at Corporate and Other were $0.01 lower compared to a year ago, driven primarily by higher interest expense from the additional debt we issued at the start of the pandemic to ensure we had adequate liquidity to navigate the uncertainty.  We expect our interest expense to be reduced significantly after we complete the liability management following the closing of the WPD sale. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In summary, we continue to deliver electricity and natural gas safely and reliably for our customers during the pandemic. We're on pace to close our strategic transactions within the expected time frames while making good progress on the integration and transition planning for Narragansett Electric. And we remain very excited about the opportunity we have in front of us to reposition PPL for future growth and success. With that, operator, let's open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And congrats on continued progress on the transaction. So first off, if you can, can you talk a little bit more as to how you think about the trajectory of Rhode Island here? I mean, obviously, you've got a clean energy mandate in that state. I know we're still early. I know you filed related documents here recently. But can you speak at least a little bit more to how you're initially thinking about this clean energy mandate? I know last time we spoke about this initially, any updated thoughts? And that reconciles against the, shall we say, historical rate base [indiscernible]?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. You cut out a little bit throughout that, but I think your question was how are we thinking about Rhode Island trajectory given the clean energy mandate there. So yes, the state has enacted a net zero by 2050 goal through Executive Board or with the prior governor had aspirations for a 100% renewable generation by 2030. That's the executive order, not legislation. However, we feel very positive and very comfortable about the opportunity in front of us to partner with the state to really help them reposition that great to be ready for those ambitious goals.  And we -- in our conversations, we've had many conversations with public officials up there around what our value proposition is to the state and why we think we're uniquely positioned to own these assets at this point in time. And to your point, Julien, I think what we've been able to create in Pennsylvania with -- we use the term grid of the future, utility of the future, with the automation and really having that grid setup for distributed energy resources and being able to not only be able to connect significantly more renewable energy behind-the-meter renewable energy, but to also to be able to have the insight and the ability to control those resources to ensure we can maintain power quality and stability of the grid.  And so as we've been talking with the constituents in Rhode Island, we've been stressing that we've already built a lot of what they are going to need to achieve those objectives. And obviously, doing it the second time is easier and faster than doing it the first time. And so we think there's an incredible opportunity not only to support their 2050 ambitions, but their 2030 ambitions, I think, are potentially achievable as well given what to do in Pennsylvania and our confidence in our ability to replicate that and [indiscernible].  So to your earlier point, and you mentioned a little bit here, your question, we need to -- obviously, we talked about that in our petition. And we've been very open in our discussions with the commission and the division as well as just some of the public officials. But to your point, we need to close on the transaction and then really work on the capital investment plans with both the division and the commission up there, demonstrate what we've done. We'll be doing that through the petition process, I'm sure, through [indiscernible] and testimonies.  And so we look forward to engaging with the constituents in Rhode Island to demonstrate our ability there. But to your point, we absolutely see that as an opportunity for us. But as importantly for the state of Rhode Island.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Indeed. And if I can follow-up on a question on acquisitions here in brief. Obviously, we've seen a number of transactions across the space, probably higher valuations than perhaps one would have expected a few months ago. Does that put pause at all with respect to your strategy, especially as you think about competing against infrastructure funds, et cetera, here? Just any open commentary you might provide to differentiate your strategy might be helpful, I think.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I don't think we have much in terms of further details to talk about versus what we talked about in March when we announced the transactions, we do continue to explore various options for the best use of the remaining proceeds we will certainly update the market at the appropriate time when we make a decision on that. In terms of M&A, that's one of the options that we will look at.  We continuously look at M&A opportunities, as you know. I think our track record has demonstrated a disciplined approach there. Including the 2 transactions that we did with National Grid, both on the valuation we got for WPD, but the valuation that we paid for arrogance and both of those demonstrate a lot more discipline. And so we will continue that disciplined approach as we look at potential strategic acquisitions with the remaining use of proceeds.  But there's also opportunities that we're looking at for, potentially, further investments in the utility. We talked about the opportunity in Rhode Island, but we'll also continue to look at those opportunities in Pennsylvania and Kentucky additional investments in renewables. We talked about that in March as well. I think when you look at the Biden's plans, both infrastructure plan and the clean energy plan, that will certainly continue to be a tailwind for renewable investment, and we think we're poised very well to take advantage of that with our distributed energy resource group.  And then potentially share buybacks could be, again, the use of those proceeds, but we'll -- again, that kind of creates the base case that will look at these other opportunities. And I'll just stress, Julien that we'll continue to be disciplined in that analysis and work with the Board on those various options. And then, of course, we'll update the market when we make but I think the key for us is maintaining that level of discipline, which I think we've demonstrated a track record.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Just to sort of follow-up on Julien's question with respect to Narragansett, is it the case that you guys feel that, I guess, rate base growth will pretty much be on the same trajectory that it has been historically there? Or do you think it might increase [indiscernible] or change?
Vincent Sorgi: Well, again, Paul, I think -- we certainly don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of putting those investment plans together after we make the acquisition, we do certainly think there's potential opportunity to deploy more capital than what was being spent previously, especially if the state launched to meet some of those more aggressive targets in that '20, '30, '35 time frame. And then the challenge for us, which, again, we think we're up to the challenge, but what we'll have to do is work with the Division and the Commission to show a path to make that investment in a way that remains affordability for the state, and that would likely come from being more efficient on the O&M side that would enable that investment without necessarily driving up customer rates significantly.  So that's the opportunity, Paul, to be honest. And we just need to work through the details with both the Division and the Commission in the state once we pose the deal.
Paul Patterson: I got you. Okay. That makes a lot of sense. Okay. So just moving up to the -- just on transmission and the comments that Joe made. Just could you elaborate a little bit further on this lower peak transmission demand? And how much -- can you just sort of give us a sense as to how much that was versus the reserve that you that you're booking as a result of the challenge on the ROE? And then just in association with that challenge or the negotiations associated with it, is -- has there been a discernible impact associated with the FERC's NOPR on the RTO ladder? I'm just wondering if that's had any impact on -- if that caused any uncertainty or issues with expected negotiations, if you follow me?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Maybe I'll answer the last part, and then I'll ask Joe just to cover the details on the P&L variance between the 2 components for transmission. But on the on the negotiations, Paul, I don't think there's anything discernible regarding the NOPR. We and the intervenors or the counterparties, we've been negotiating in good faith all the way through. I think it's been fairly constructive. And so that continues. And again, as Joe said, that there can be no assurance that these negotiations will result in a settlement, but -- but both parties are -- I feel very comfortable that we are both negotiating in good faith. And I don't necessarily see that the NOPR has really impacted those negotiations at this point. But Joe, do you want to cover the breakup -- the breakdown of the transmission [indiscernible]?
Joseph Bergstein: Sure. So the lower peak transmission demand was about $0.02 per share for the quarter. And then for the reserve that we recorded, it was in total about $19 million after tax. $5 million of that was related to this year and $14 million of that was related to 2020. So it's about $0.01 -- that $5 million is about $0.01 for the quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Today's next question comes from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: I guess, one, given that you still have a lot of potential money to be put to work, one strategic question. How willing are you to add more coal to your mix as part of any strategic option as you look out there?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Our willingness to add more coal to the portfolio, we really, I think, depend on the specific asset, Steve, and whether or not there's a clear transition plan for those coal assets. We are very mindful of our ESG profile. So that would certainly be something that we would take into consideration, both from management and the Board as we evaluate any particular M&A transaction, it would be our ESG profile. So but I would say that's probably very asset specific, whether or not we would be willing to take on more coal.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for your final remarks.
Vincent Sorgi: Great. Thanks again for joining us on our first quarter call, and everybody, have a great day. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and full-year 2020 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation and our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website. Our presentation and earnings release, which we will discuss during today’s call, contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL’s SEC filings for a discussion of some - of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliations to the comparable GAAP measures, you should refer to the appendix of this presentation. I’ll now turn the call over to Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our 2020 year-end earnings call today. With me as usual are Joe Bergstein, our Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin, the Head of our Pennsylvania Utility business; Paul Thompson, the Head of our Kentucky Utility Business; and Phil Swift who heads up our U.K. utility business. Moving to Slide 3. I'll begin this morning with a brief overview of our 2020 performance as we overcame the difficult challenges of COVID-19. I'll also share a few updates on regulatory and ESG matters. Later Joe will provide a more detailed overview of year-end and fourth quarter financial results. I'll then share some closing thoughts on our key focus areas for 2021 and as always we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. Turning to Slide 4. I'm incredibly proud of how people performed in 2020. A year unlike any we've seen in our lifetimes. It was a year that tested our resolve our resilience and our ability to adapt very quickly to dynamic conditions. Importantly we provided electricity and natural gas safely and reliably to more than 10.5 million customers when it mattered the most. This included the hospital workers and the first responders who were on the front line. And it included customers whose homes became offices whose kitchens and bedrooms became classrooms and who are counting on us to deliver without fail. We're extremely honored that our continued operational excellence resulted in further recognition from these very same customers in 2020. In the U.S., we earned three new J.D. Power Awards for customer satisfaction bringing our total to 54 since J.D. Power surveys began. This included topping all large utilities in the east for the ninth straight year for residential customer satisfaction and in all midsize utilities in the Midwest for both residential and business customer satisfaction. In the U.K. at the end of 2020, we again finished with scores of over 9 out of 10 in all four of our DNO and are on track to receive the maximum incentive reward under Ofgem’s Broad Measure of Customer Satisfaction. We also received the U.K.’s Customer Service Excellence Award for the 28th time since 1992. As we focused on our commitment to provide a superior customer experience, we also recognize the need to support our local community and assist customers struggling with COVID-19. With that in mind, we continue to offer payment assistance programs, flexible payment options and referral services to help customers manage their energy bills. Shifting to our financial performance, we achieved financial results that are within our original earnings guidance range despite the challenges of COVID-19. This achievement included overcoming a $0.12 per share unfavorable impact in COVID due primarily to low sales volumes in the U.K. and lower commercial and industrial demand in Kentucky, as well as a $0.05 per share unfavorable impact due to mild weather compared to normal conditions. We were able to offset some of the impact through effective cost management and several other factors without negatively impacting the long-term strength of the business. And as we’ve discussed previously the U.K. regulatory construct provides recovery for any under collected revenues from lower sales volumes, which was a significant portion of the 2020 impact. We also maintained a strong financial position and delivered on our commitment to return capital to shareowners, something PPL has done each quarter for 75 consecutive years. Turning to Slide 5, as we dealt with the challenges of COVID-19 during the year we also remained very focused on the future. Building on the $27 billion we had invested over the prior decade to improve service to our customers, during 2020 we completed more than $3 billion in infrastructure improvements in line with the original expectations we outlined for you at the beginning of the year. The vast majority of this investment nearly 90% was focused on transmission and distribution infrastructure to strengthen grid resilience, incorporate new technology and advance our clean energy strategy. Shifting to a few sustainability highlights, we continue to advance our clean energy strategy in 2020. At the outset of the year we set a more aggressive carbon reduction goal and throughout the remainder of the year, we invested in our networks to enable increased electrification and a large scale additions of distributed energy resources in the future. In Kentucky, we secured regulatory approval for a 100 megawatt solar power purchase agreement to meet increasing customer demand for clean energy solutions. We also continue to expand customer participation in our solar share program to carrying full subscription for two additional phases of solar share construction that will begin this spring. In addition our Safari Energy business also added more than 90 megawatts of solar capacity to its portfolio increasing its own capacity to 110 megawatt. This new capacity is all contracted be a long-term power purchase agreements. And in August we joined a five-year industry initiative to accelerate the development of low carbon energy technology and advance affordable pathways to economy wide decarbonization. We recognize that going even further faster than the goals that we've set to address climate change requires new ideas, technology and systems that can be delivered safely, reliably and affordably. That's why we're partnering with EPRI and GTI on their new low carbon resources Initiative. As part of our sustainability efforts we also remained focused on advancing a culture of diversity equity and inclusion across PPL in supporting meaningful change and progress in the communities we serve. To build on PPL’s prior momentum in this area, the company adopted a new enterprise wide DEI strategy with five supporting DEI commitments. In the wake of the killings of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor and others in 2020 PPL led focused discussions with our employees and in our communities on race and social justice that will continue to guide our efforts moving forward. In addition, we provided initial contributions to support local organizations focused on DEI initiatives and launched a new scholarship program that aims to award a $1 million over the next decade to support minorities and females pursuing careers in engineering, IT, technical and trade roles. As a reflection of PPL’s continuous focus on embracing diversity inclusion and advancing equity for all, we were named a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ equality by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation once again earning a perfect score. Lastly on this slide, I would note that we continue to enhance our ESG disclosures in 2020, demonstrating our ongoing commitment to transparency and to keeping stakeholders informed. This included our disclosures around political spending in area in which the Center for Political Accountability and the Zicklin Center for Business Ethics Research, today PPL their trendsetter ranking on the CPA Zicklin Index. Turning to Slide 6 for some regulatory updates. In November we took steps at our Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky utilities businesses to support continued infrastructure investments that benefit our customers. LG&E and KU filed rate requests with the Kentucky Public Service Commission on November 25th seeking approval for a combined revenue increase of about $331 million in electricity and gas base rates. The requested increases will support continued modernization of a grid to strengthen grid resilience as well as upgrades to LG&Es natural gas system to enhance safety and reliability. In addition, we are seeking approval for full deployment of advanced metering infrastructure, faster electric vehicle charging stations, and an updated net metering tariff. If approved by the commission, LG&Es and KU’s requested revenue increases would take effect July 1, 2021. Given the COVID pandemic and in an effort to reduce the near-term impact of the rate adjustment for our customers, we sought to minimize the size of the requested increase and have included in our request for approval of $53 million economic release or credit to help mitigate the impact of the rate adjustment until mid-2022. In addition, we have proposed to implement AMI in a manner which based on current projections will not require an increase in the combined revenue of LG&E and KU in this rate case or in the future as operating cost savings are projected to more than offset the incremental capital cost of the project. Additionally, pending the outcome of the proceeding it's our goal not to request another base rate adjustment for several years. A detailed procedural schedule for the rate case is available in the appendix of today's presentation. In other notable Kentucky updates, LG&E and KU on January 7th issued a request for proposal for generation capacity to meet a potential energy shortfall that may be created by the anticipated retirements of a 1,000 megawatts of coal fired generation during this decade. LG&E and KU’s Mill Creek Unit 1 is expected to retire in 2024, while Mill Creek Unit 2 and EW Brown Unit 3 are expected to be retired by 2028 as they reach the end of their economic useful lives. We've also included in the appendix a slide that details the projected economic lives of our Baseload generation plant. Utilities are seeking 300 megawatts to 900 megawatts of capacity beginning in 2025to 2028. And additionally we're asking for proposals for at least 100 megawatts of battery storage. Proposals are due March 31 and we anticipate making a decision by mid-2021 and potentially filing for regulatory approvals in early 2022. Lastly in the U.K., Ofgem issued its RIIO-ED2 sector specific methodology decision in mid-December. The decision was largely in line with our expectations and underscores the vital role DNOs will play in supporting decarbonization in U.K. to achieve a net zero economy. In January, WPD became the first DNO to issue a draft business plan for RIIO-ED2. That draft plan proposes £6 billion in new investments to support decarbonization digitalization and enhance network utilization. Turning to Slide 7 and the 2021 to 2025 capital plan we've outlined more than $14 billion from 2021 to 2025 to support continued monetization of our transmission and distribution networks and to advance a cleaner energy future. This forecast spending represents a $1 billion of incremental CapEx from 2021 to 2024 compared to our prior plan. Those increases include $400 million in Kentucky to support full deployment of its advanced metering infrastructure $300 million in Pennsylvania for additional transmission investments as well as incremental funding for IT initiatives focused on digital transformation investments in work optimization smart grid technology and the customer experience. And $200 million in the U.K. due to a shift of certain investments from 2020 to 2021 as a result of COVID-19 additional funding for telecommunications projects and updates to our RIIO-ED2 capital plan. At this point, I'll now turn the call over to Joe for a more detailed review of our fourth quarter and year-end financial results. Joe?
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a brief overview of our fourth quarter results on Slide 9. PPL delivered fourth quarter 2020 earnings from ongoing operations of $0.59 per share compared to $0.57 per share in the fourth quarter of 2019. Weather in the quarter was about $0.01 unfavorable compared to 2019 as our Kentucky segment experienced slightly milder temperatures. The estimated impact of COVID on our fourth quarter results was about $0.02 per share, $0.01 to the lower U.K. sales volumes and $0.01 driven by lower demand in Kentucky. We continue to experience improvement in this area as C&I demand steadily improves across our service territories. These headwinds were more than offset by positive impacts from returns on additional capital investments lower O&M expenses that are domestic utilities and a higher realized foreign currency exchange rate in the U.K. Overall these results were in line with our expectations. Moving to our full-year 2020 earnings results on Slide 10, we achieved 2020 earnings from ongoing operations of $2.40 per share compared to $2.45 per share a year ago. As Vince mentioned earlier our 2020 financial results reflect an estimated $0.12 unfavorable variance due to COVID-19. During 2020, we also experienced a $0.06 unfavorable variance due to weather compared to 2019 primarily in Kentucky. In terms of dilution for the year we experienced $0.11 per share of dilution year-over-year primarily reflecting the impact of the equity forward settlement in late 2019. Moving to the segment drivers excluding impacts from weather and dilution our U.K. Regulated segment earned $1.33 per share, a $0.01 year-over-year. The decrease in U.K. earnings was primarily due to lower adjusted gross margins driven by lower sales volumes primarily due to the impacts of COVID-19, lower other income due to lower pension income, higher operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense. These decreases were partially offset by higher foreign currency exchange rates compared to the prior period with 2020 average rates of a $1.47 per pound compared to a $1.32 per pound in 2019. In Pennsylvania, we earned $0.65 per share which was $0.07 higher than our results in 2019. Our Pennsylvania results were primarily driven by higher adjusted gross margins primarily resulting from returns on additional capital investments in transmission and lower operation and maintenance expense. These increases were partially offset by higher depreciation expense and other factors that were not individually significant. Turning to our Kentucky segment we earned $0.57 per share in 2020, a $0.03 increase over comparable results one year ago. The increase was primarily due to a higher adjusted gross margins primarily resulting from higher retail rates effective May 1, 2019 and lower operation and maintenance expense. Partially offsetting these items were lower commercial industrial demand revenue primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 and higher depreciation expense. Results of Corporate and Other were $0.03 higher compared to the prior year. Factors driving earnings results at Corporate and Other primarily included lower overall corporate expenses and other factors not individually significant. Turning to Slide 11, we outlined the trends we observed in weather normalized sales for each segment by customer class since the beginning of the pandemic. Overall, lower demand in the C&I sectors continue to be partially offset by higher residential loan in each of our service territories. We also experienced a steady recovery in the C&I space as certain restrictions were eased during the year. In Pennsylvania, residential usage steadily declined following the sharp spike we experienced at the onset of COVID it remains up about 3.5% compared to last year, signaling strong demand from customers still working from home. As for the C&I sector, we saw incremental recovery from the lows experienced in the second quarter and by year end we're tracking less than 3% behind prior year levels. The largest declines remain primarily in the retail trade and services industry, which we expect will remain depressed until restrictions are lifted. In Kentucky, residential usage was up about 70% in Q4 compared to last year consistent with what we experienced in Q3. We continue to experience a moderate recovery in the C&I sectors in Kentucky up substantially from the second quarter. C&I volumes were down 3.5% from last year's usage in Q4 which was an improvement from the 7% decline observed during Q3. Similar to Pennsylvania, the largest declines in the C&I sector continue to be seen in the services industry. However sales to the manufacturing sector returned closer to the 2019 levels in Q4. Finally in the U.K., residential usage also remained higher with volumes being up about 6% compared to last year. Recovery in the U.K. C&I sectors has lagged our domestic jurisdictions overall, but has continued to make a strong comeback down about 9% versus the prior year. A substantial improvement from the second quarter lows of over 20%. Well additional incremental lockdowns were put in place during the fourth quarter. These impacts did not restrict the construction and housing industries and we have not seen a slowdown in operational activity in these sectors. And as a reminder any revenue shortfall in the 2020-2021 regulatory year will be recovered by WPD in the 2022-2023 regulatory year adjusted for inflation. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. Before I briefly highlight our 2021 strategic priorities, I just want to reiterate how proud I am of what we were able to achieve in 2020 under truly remarkable circumstances. Operationally, we didn't miss a beat delivering very strong results. Financially, we overcame stiff headwinds to achieve our earnings guidance and return the capital to shareowners. Internally, I saw our businesses collaborate like never before as we work to keep each other safe and tackle COVID-19. And at the end of the day I truly believe we made a positive impact on society and that's the common purpose that really unites employees at all levels across PPL. In 2020, we demonstrated PPL’s tremendous resilience and agility. And as I've shared with our employees, I truly believe we will emerge from this pandemic stronger and more united than ever before. With that in mind, our clear focus moving forward is on delivering long-term value for our customers and our shareowners. In 2021, that includes completing the process to sell our U.K. utility business and repositioning PPL as a purely U.S. focused utility company. I'm pleased to report that the process to sell WPD remains on track and we continue to expect to announce the transaction in the first half of this year. As we shared previously, we believe a sale of the U.K. business will simplify our business mix, strengthen our balance sheet and enhance the company's long-term earnings growth rate. In addition, we believe it will give the company greater financial flexibility to invest in sustainable energy solutions. Another top priority of ours this year is as always delivering electricity and natural gas safely, reliably and affordably. No job we do is more important than that. And this year we will remain focused on continuous improvement, innovation, benchmarking and best practice sharing as we seek to once again deliver industry-leading operational performance and provide a superior customer experience. Other notable priorities for 2021 include advancing our clean energy strategy and reducing PPL’s carbon footprint further enhancing the DEI culture I spoke about earlier and building strong communities through philanthropy, volunteerism and customer assistance. In conclusion, as we look to 2021 and beyond, I'm excited about the opportunity we have to reposition PPL for future success, and I'm confident we will continue to deliver long-term value for our customers, our share owners and the communities we serve. With that, operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning, team. Thanks so much for the time, a couple of things. First question let me pick up where you just left that conversation off. How do you think about strategic opportunities in terms of the size, right? Realistically we've seen some developments today and otherwise so how do you think about the scale of the transformation that you guys were thinking about in reusing those proceeds, right? Could they exceed the size of those proceeds just to kind of put some perhaps parameters or additional parameters around that and then I got a more detailed follow-up?
Vince Sorgi: Yes Julien on that point I really don’t want to speculate on potential M&A scenarios or hypothetical M&A type scenarios. So just don't think it's appropriate to get into that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right, but maybe - I’ll simplify this. It doesn't need to be limited by the use of - use of cash proceeds here right? There is a lot of things you'll look at et cetera.
Vince Sorgi: I mean again I don't want to talk about any specific…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, fair enough.
Vince Sorgi: I was - okay.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes sorry. It felt evident to ask you. Secondly, if I can you guys described a number of potential opportunities here tied to developments in Kentucky. I just wanted to clarify. How do you think about ownership of those investments right just the process assumptions et cetera? Can you walk through that a little bit I know that the process is underway, but can you speak to your sense of confidence?
Vince Sorgi: Yes Julien, just to clarify which assets are you referring to…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just the opportunities that emerge out of the co-retirements in Kentucky?
Vince Sorgi: Yes and I'll ask Paul to maybe comment on kind of what we're thinking there. Certainly the - as we're looking at what's happening at the federal level and with the Biden administration, right it's still early yet in terms of you know anything specific coming out of the Biden administration. But I think it's clear that they intend to make policy addressing climate change right a priority. And so, we will certainly continue to remain engaged with the administration on their goals to advance some of those policies. Obviously rejoining the Paris agreement will certainly lead to more aggressive U.S. carbon reduction commitments either 2030/2035 remains to be seen there. That - the targets that are being discussed there certainly would require advancements in technology to be able to achieve those as it's really not feasible today from our industry to really be net zero by 2035 which is what they're talking about. So we'll continue to discuss these challenges with the administration as we're engaging with EI and every and other industry groups. And we'll continue to do that to support what we think is the most efficient way to accomplish those goals. As the industry has been supportive of the overall goals, we don't quite have agreement on how to get there and the ability of the industry to meet those aggressive targets. But Paul, do you want to talk about maybe how we're kind of thinking about things in Kentucky recognizing that it's pretty early in the game.
Paul Thompson: Sure. I think I would point out as you may know, but point out that what we will need to be doing as we have in the past is whatever actions we would be proposing that we would need to demonstrate - that it's the lowest most reasonable cost initiative. And so, in that to your question, we will certainly be looking at the bill versus the buy opportunities that we have. And it will be incumbent upon us then to put forward a good case to the public service commission on actions moving forward. So I think in that construct of demonstrating the lowest most reasonable cost that’s the way we'll have to operate and we've done that well in the past. And I expect that to happen again here in the future.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So in summary - it’s a little early on this update.
Paul Thompson: Absolutely, as Vince indicated it's the first quarter - end of the first quarter where we'll get responses back as you may have seen our information put out on coal retirements was the latter part of the decade. So yes, we're still early on for sure.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Durgesh, I think your line is muted.
Durgesh Chopra: Just - one quick clarification, did the Pennsylvania rate base growth is that lower versus your previous disclosure and if so, why?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, Durgesh in terms of the overall investment in the PA business as we've indicated we are - we have added on a like-for-like basis additional capital in the plan. I think what you might be seeing is the effect of 2021’s capital plan versus 2025’s capital plan. And so we were at $3.2 billion of spend this year and the current plan has about $2.7 billion in 2025. So you'll see a little bit of an impact on the growth rate likely as a result of that. But plan-over-plan as we've talked about we only include known projects in our capital budgets and as we've said historically as we execute the plan we tend to find additional capital and overall including the U.K. we added about a $1 billion of incremental capital plan-over-plan. So specific to your growth question it could be just the larger number dropping off versus the 2025 number coming in.
Durgesh Chopra: So I guess essentially it's allocating more capital towards Kentucky and Pennsylvania is a larger base, right. Is that - sort of what I heard, like your starting point in Pennsylvania is a larger base and then - going forward there's higher share of capital towards Kentucky?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, I think that's right.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay perfect, thank you. And then you did say there are additional opportunities that you identify as you sort of firm up the plans. So that's clear. Just any color wins on the U.K. sale process. I mean are you still in discussion phases? Is that is that fair to assume here or just any sort of update since the last call we had?
Vince Sorgi: Yes no real updates Durgesh. I would just say that as you can appreciate, this is a very competitive and confidential process. So not really in a position to provide additional details regarding the specific process as I indicated in my opening remarks. The process is continuing to progress as we would have expected and again we continue to expect to announce something in the first half of this year.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fleishman: Vince, couple questions maybe at least one of them you can answer. Just on the - you first talked about selling the U.K. business you did talk about the idea of - despite just selling it for cash. The potential may be like asset swaps being part of it. Is that still on the table potentially or is that less likely now?
Vince Sorgi: Well I would just - unfortunately I don't think that's what one I may be able to get into a lot of detail on Steve…
Steven Fleishman: Okay.
Vince Sorgi: Just given where we are in the process, I just don't think….
Steven Fleishman: Okay.
Vince Sorgi: It's appropriate at this stage to get into any details certainly on what - potential buyers are bidding yes.
Steven Fleishman: Second question that I think you might be able to answer. So at some point you are going to announce an outcome of this.
Vince Sorgi: Right.
Steven Fleishman: Can you just remind us - expected timing for like how long from announcement to closing to know to actually get the money if you're getting money? My recollection is you've talked about it being pretty fast in the U.K. but can you just maybe give us a little sense of that process after - once you have announced whatever you're announcing?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, it’s certainly quicker in the U.K. than it is in the U.S. We do have a few required approvals that we will need to get as part of this process that we didn’t need to get when we acquired Central Network. So I think I had indicated in the past that we had closed that transaction from announcement to signing in about 30 days. I wouldn’t expect us to be able to close this transaction that quickly, but it will still be within just a few months. It’s not going to be significantly beyond that.
Steven Fleishman: Okay.
Vince Sorgi: We wouldn't expect it to be anyway.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then I guess just in thinking about in terms of use of proceeds, I guess, the - you’re going to suddenly have in theory if its cash, a lot of cash to use just is there. Are you willing to just sit on cash for a while if you need to or just how are you thinking about timing of putting money to work?
Vince Sorgi: Yes, so let me just reiterate kind of the four main areas that we’ve talked about in terms of deploying the use of proceeds and then I'll ask Joe maybe to talk about timing. But the first of those which we've been pretty clear about is strengthening the balance sheet and again that would be geared towards targeting a mid-teens FFO to debt metric out of the gate and then you know having our Holdco debt below 30% of our total debt position. The second is really directly supporting future rate based growth whether that's via organic with our current utilities or through other investment opportunities in rate regulated assets here in the U.S. The third is potentially investing in renewables as our tax position could change post sale. We've talked about that as well. So the renewable position could be in a better competitive spot post sale. And then the fourth is really potentially returning capital to our shareholders. But in terms of sitting on the cash, Joe why don’t you talk about kind of how we think about timing of executing those? And again those are - Steve, those are all levers that we can pull. We really won't know which of those and how much of any of those we would actually execute on until we know what the quantum of proceeds are and then ultimately what the use of proceeds will be, but Joe anything you want to add on that?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, I think that's right. The only thing I would add Steve is that we'll have to look at from a timing perspective on the opportunities in each of those areas that Vince highlighted. And then certainly we want to be disciplined and efficient in whichever - which one, every one of those we're pursuing. So, I don't have a perfect answer for you on the time required, but certainly efficiency on our part and as always our disciplined approach to these things will be drivers of that timing.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning, Vince. Good morning Joe. If I can just follow-up on maybe Steve’s question. If I think about year from now the 4Q 2021 earnings call slide deck, do you think PPL has fully completed the transition by then or do you think that - the 2022 was a transition year for PPL?
Vince Sorgi: Well, I really don't want to speculate on that at this point Anthony like certainly we will be looking to maximize the use of proceeds to really maximize the shareholder value there, right. And whether that entails something on the buy side here in the U.S. or renewables or efficiently deploying it to the balance sheet that all remains to be seen. So I think it's really hard for us to indicate today what that 12/31/2021 deck is going to look like. But we will probably have a better sense of that when we get closer to execution of the deal. But at this point I think - visibility into that not quite clear.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And I guess just one last follow-up and I apologize if you hit this before. Just I believe you're mentioning is it $400 million of AMI investment in Kentucky. I guess is that included in your CapEx. And I think previously maybe AMI and maybe my jurisdictions wrong was very challenging in Kentucky. Has that been resolved?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, so of the $400 million increase in the capital plan that we have for Kentucky, $325 million of that is for the AMI investment. So yes the AMI is in our updated capital plan. We are taking a slightly different approach to the CPCN for this project. Paul, do you want to maybe just touch upon how we're thinking about deploying AMI?
Paul Thompson: Sure, first of all I would say that yes a few years ago we were denied the AMI application for CPCN that we put forward with the commission allowing us to and asking us to do some more piloting and then suggesting that we can come back in. We have done all that. We have built what we believe to be a pretty solid business case for providing opportunities and cost benefit to customers. To Vince's point the approach that we're taking on this is. As part of the rate case and the CPCN not having that capital go into the rate base, but rather have a AFUDC treatment so that over time the O&M savings that we're projecting to the customers are effectively paying for that capital. So the basics though of the case that we think - that we are putting forward. We think it's very strong and so we're very hopeful that the commission will rule in the positive on that case.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any final remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Great, just want to thank everybody for joining the call today and stay safe out there with this winter weather depending on where you are. Thanks everyone for joining.
Operator: And thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, vice president, investor relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter 2020 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation and our earnings release issued this morning on the investors section of our website. Our presentation and earnings release, which we will discuss during today's call, contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures including earnings from ongoing operations and adjusted gross margins on this call. For reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures, you should refer to the appendix of this presentation. I'll now turn the call over to Vince Sorgi, PPL's President and CEO.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for our third quarter earnings call. With me today are Joe Bergstein, our Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin, the Head of our Pennsylvania Utility Business; Paul Thompson, the Head of our Kentucky Utility Business; and Phil Swift, the Head of our U.K. Electric Distribution Business. Moving to Slide 3. I'll begin this morning with brief highlights on third quarter earnings results and our continued strong performance during the COVID-19 pandemic. I'll share a few updates on regulatory and ESG related matters. And Joe will then provide a more detailed overview of the third-quarter financial results. And as always, we'll leave ample time for your questions. Turning to Slide 4. Today, we announced third quarter reported earnings of $0.37 per share. Adjusting for special items, primarily a deferred tax adjustment in the U.K. based on the 2020 Finance Act and unrealized losses on foreign currency economic hedges. Third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.58 per share compared with $0.61 per share a year ago. At a high level, results for the quarter were in line with our expectations. I'll note that the lower earnings compared to last year include $0.02 of lower volumes in the U.K., which will recover in future periods, and $0.01 due to the timing of our estimated federal income tax computation, which will reverse in Q4. Joe will cover the financial results in more detail in his section. Regarding a COVID update, throughout the quarter we continued to deliver strong operational performance, providing outstanding customer service and reliability. At the same time, we've remained focused on innovation and building for the future. In September, we launched the new digitalization strategy in the U.K. The strategy focuses on transforming the way we develop and operate the network, to empower customers, drive greater efficiency and deliver faster decarbonization. And in Pennsylvania, during Q3, we reached the $1 million mark for customer outages avoided as a result of our investments in automated power restoration technology. Regarding customer sales during the quarter, residential load continued to be strong than our weather-normalized forecast, driven by sustained work-from-home measures in all of our service territories. Conversely, C&I demand remained lower in all three business units, albeit less pronounced in Q3 than it had been earlier in the pandemic. From a financial perspective, we are well-positioned to weather the continued economic downturn. We've maintained a strong liquidity position of over $4 billion. Our cash receipts remain steady and our capital plans remain largely intact. And as the moratoria are starting to lift across our U.S. service territories, we will comply with all state utility commission requirements and continue to work with our customers to maintain uninterrupted electricity and gas service. This means offering flexible payment plans, connecting our customers with agencies and programs that can provide assistance and working with them to address overdue balances before they become unmanageable. Service terminations are always a last resort. Overall, we continue to believe the full-year impact of COVID-19 will be manageable as we close out the year. As a result, we've narrowed our forecast range to $2.40 to $2.50 per share from the prior range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share. We continue to expect to track toward the lower end of this guidance range due to the impacts of COVID-19 and warmer than normal weather during the first quarter. Lastly, on the slide, I would note that the U.K. sale process remains on track, and we continue to expect to announce a transaction in the first half of 2021. Moving to Slide 5, and starting with key regulatory developments. On October 1st, WPD responded to Ofgem's RIIO-ED2 sector-specific methodology consultation, advocating for the continuation of a strong incentive-based regulatory regime that supports the best outcomes for our customers in terms of low prices and high-quality service. We believe RIIO-ED1 largely achieved this balance and that the basic structure of the RIIO-ED1 regime should broadly remain intact under ED2. WPD's response to the consultation focused on several areas, where we believe Ofgem should reconsider its position and the robustness of its supporting evidence before making its methodology decision. In the end, we continue to believe that Ofgem has made it clear that DNOs will be critical to supporting decarbonization efforts in the U.K. to deliver a net-zero economy. Based on our discussions with Ofgem, we expect the incentive scheme for ED2 to continue to play a significant role in the overall returns for electric distribution companies. And we expect that WPD will have the opportunity to earn reasonable returns and invest significant amounts of capital during RIIO-ED2 and beyond. Moving forward, WPD will remain very focused and engaged with its stakeholders and Ofgem to ensure it delivers a plan that will achieve the U.K.'s ambitious carbon reduction goals. Ofgem is expected to issue its RIIO-ED2 sector-specific methodology decision in December. In other U.K. developments, the Competition and Markets Authority or CMA issued a recent provisional ruling that supports more stable returns for regulated utilities in the U.K. to incentivize appropriate levels of investment. The CMA ruling concluded that the water sector regulator, Ofwat, went too far in its efforts to sharply reduce returns for water utilities. We expect the provisional ruling will be one that Ofgem studies closely as it nears its decision on the RIIO-2 final determinations for the gas and electric transmission sectors and ultimately for the electric distribution sector. Turning to the U.S., the FERC on October 15 issued an order in a complaint filed by a third-party challenging PPL Electric Utilities based return on equity for transmission. The FERC order sent the complaint to settlement procedures. If no settlement can be reached, the case will go to public hearing. We continue to believe that PPL Electric Utilities current transmission return on equity is just and reasonable, and that complaint is without merit and based on flawed assumptions and calculations. Also in the U.S. on October 23rd, LG&E and KU notified the KPSC of the company's intent to file a rate request later this month. As part of the rate case, we will be applying for approval to deploy advanced metering to further enhance grid automation and reliability in the state. Assuming the maximum suspension period for such a proceeding, the resulting base rate changes would be effective July 1, 2021. Shifting gears to a few notable highlights related to our sustainability efforts and governance updates. In August, we announced that we joined an exciting new initiative to accelerate the development of low-carbon technology. The low carbon resources initiative led by the Electric Power Research Institute and the Gas Technology Institute focuses on identifying, developing and demonstrating affordable pathways to economy-wide de-carbonization. PPL is an anchor sponsor for the five-year program, which supports our clean energy strategy. At a high level, that strategy is focused on de-carbonizing PPL's own generation, de-carbonizing our non-generation operations, enabling third-party de-carbonization and advancing research and development into clean energy technologies. As we've shared previously, PPL has set a goal to reduce its carbon emissions by at least 80% by 2050. We're confident this goal is achievable with today's technology. At the same time, we recognize that going further and faster, we'll require new ideas, new technology and new systems that can be delivered at scale safely, reliably and affordably for those we serve. We also remain squarely focused on diversity, equity and inclusion as part of our long-term corporate strategy. I'm pleased to share that PPL has been named a best place to work for people with disabilities. In July, the company earned a top score of 100% on the 2020 Disability Equality Index, the nation's most comprehensive annual benchmarking tool for disability inclusion. PPL's top score is the result of policies and practices that we've put in place to promote the success of those with disability. And it's just the latest recognition of PPL policies focused on ensuring all employees have the opportunity to succeed. Earlier this year, for example, PPL was named the best place to work for LGBTQ equality by The Human Rights Campaign after achieving a perfect score on their corporate equality index. Moving forward, we will continue to work with employee-led affinity groups to better enable all employees to reach their full potential. In other updates, PPL recently earned a trend-setter ranking by the CPA-Zicklin Index, which benchmarks political disclosure and accountability policies and practices of leading U.S. public companies. We believe it's important to be transparent on these matters, highlighting one of our core values of integrity and openness and our overall compliance and ethics commitment that is supported by robust internal controls. Lastly, PPL's Board of Directors appointed Ar Beattie as a new Director effective October 1st. Ar brings to the Board a wealth of knowledge and experience with regulated utilities and the energy industry and we're certainly glad to have him onboard as we strategically reposition PPL for the future. With that, I'll now turn it over to Joe for a more detailed financial update. Joe?
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. I'll cover our third quarter segment results on Slide 6. First, I would like to highlight that the estimated impact of COVID on our third quarter results was about $0.04 per share, which was primarily due to lower sales volumes in the U.K. and lower demand revenue in Kentucky. This is less than the $0.06 impact we experienced during the second quarter, primarily due to the improving electricity demand that Vince mentioned earlier in his remarks. As a reminder, the majority of this impact is recoverable via the U.K. decoupling mechanism, which adjusts revenues on a two-year lag. Turning to the quarterly walk, starting with the Q3 2019 ongoing results on the left, we first separate the impact of weather and dilution for comparability purposes of the underlying businesses. During the third quarter, we experienced a $0.02 unfavorable variance due to weather compared to the third quarter of 2019, primarily in Kentucky. We experienced substantially higher degree days in Kentucky during the third quarter of 2019 that led to a favorable variance last year. Weather in the third quarter of 2020 was about $0.01 favorable overall compared to plan, primarily due to stronger load in Pennsylvania versus normal due to the warmer conditions in July. In terms of dilution, during the third quarter, we continued to recognize the impact of the November 2019 draw on our equity forward contracts, which resulted in dilution of about $0.03 per share for the quarter. Moving to the segment drivers. Excluding these items, our U.K.-regulated segment earnings increased by $0.01 per share compared to a year ago. Factors driving the U.K. earnings results include higher foreign currency exchange rates, compared to the prior period, with Q3 2020 average rates of $1.54 per pound, compared to $1.26 per pound in Q3 2019, and lower interest expense, primarily due to lower interest on index-linked debt. These increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes, primarily due to the impact of COVID-19; lower other income due to lower pension income and higher income taxes. Moving to Pennsylvania. Segment earnings were $0.02 per share higher than our comparable results in Q3 2019. The increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted gross margins, primarily resulting from returns on additional capital investments in transmission. And as we saw in Q2, our customer mix mitigated the impact on sales from COVID-19 as our positive impact from our significant residential base in Pennsylvania and fixed charges more than offset lower demand in the C&I sectors. Turning to our Kentucky-regulated segment. Results were flat to the comparable results one-year ago. Factors impacting the results include lower commercial and industrial demand due to the impact of COVID-19 offset by factors that were individually not significant. Results at corporate and other were $0.01 per share lower compared to a year ago, driven primarily by higher income taxes due to timing, which is expected to reverse in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 7. We again outlined the changes in weather-normalized sales for each segment by customer class as we did last quarter. And like Q2, we saw lower demand in the C&I sectors, partially offset by higher residential load in each of our service territories. Demand in the C&I sector was still lower than last year has been steadily recovering as certain COVID restrictions have been lifted. In Pennsylvania, demand improved from about an 11% decline in C&I load in the second quarter to a 4% decline during Q3 compared to a year ago. C&I declines in Pennsylvania continue to be primarily in retail trade and services industry and manufacturing, respectively. Our large industrial customers have generally returned to pre-COVID operations and are not expecting future reductions at this time. Moving to Kentucky. Our Kentucky segment reported about a 7% C&I load decline during Q3, compared to the greater than 14% decline we saw last quarter versus the prior year. And like Pennsylvania, the services industry such as restaurants, retail and hotels continue to be negatively impacted in our commercial sector in Kentucky. Much of the improvement we experienced during Q3 was on the industrial side as many manufacturing companies were able to reopen after temporarily being forced to shut down in Q2. Specifically, industrial volumes were driven in part by auto manufacturing volumes returning to pre-COVID levels. Coal mining and non-auto manufacturing continue to be more negatively affected. Finally, in the U.K., C&I load improved to about a 14% decline in the third quarter, compared to a 20% decline that we experienced last quarter versus a year ago as government restrictions put in place in late March were further eased throughout the month of July. The primary driver of the increase was seen in the large industrial and manufacturing sectors that have largely closed during the full lockdown phase and have since opened, albeit not quite the pre-COVID levels. It's clear on this slide that the U.K. demand has not recovered as sharply as our U.S. service territories, which underscores the value of the effective decoupling mechanism there. We remain encouraged by the recovery we've observed in each of our service territories during the third quarter, but we'll continue to monitor load impacts as we move into the winter months, including the impact of additional temporary lockdowns should they arise, such as the lockdowns we are currently experiencing in England and Wales. At this time, the current lockdown is not as stringent as what we experienced early in the year as workers that are not able to work from home can still go to work and many retail establishments can still provide takeout options. In addition, strong residential demand is expected to continue to act as a hedge to lower C&I demand. Now I know I just stated a lot of percentages. So let me take a moment to summarize the impact of COVID-19 on our ongoing results in 2020. We experienced a $0.10 per share impact to the end of the third quarter. 70% of that relates to lower U.K. sales volumes that will be recovered through the U.K. decoupling mechanism. The remaining $0.03 is primarily from lower demand in Kentucky, and we have been able to offset the majority of that through effective cost management. Overall, we believe our strong regulatory constructs, balanced rate structures and customer mix, positions PPL well to continue to operate at a high level in this challenging environment. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Joe. In closing, I remain very proud of how our teams across PPL have risen to the challenge of COVID-19. We continue to deliver electricity and gas safely and reliably to our customers. At the same time, we remain as focused as ever on innovation and continuous improvement as we position the company for future success. With that, operator, let's open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Today's first question comes from Ryan Greenwald at BofA. Please go ahead.
Ryan Greenwald: Good morning. I appreciate the time.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning.
Ryan Greenwald: Can you guys just talk about your confidence and conviction levels and how that kind of evolved over the last few months around being able to reach constructive deal terms between the CMA findings and what you're seeing internally? And how are you thinking about additional upcoming Ofgem data points in terms of ability to really further improve sentiment and drive renewed interest?
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So as you can appreciate, we are in the middle of a competitive process. So I don't think it's appropriate to get into too much detail in terms of the process that we are currently – is currently under way. But to your point, I think the CMA decision for the water company, that provisional decision was certainly positive as we think about overall returns in the U.K.-regulated utility sector. I think it should play well into what we would expect for gas and transmission coming here in about a month or so, that should be coming out early December. We also have the government's white paper on decarbonization. That should be coming out. They said autumn, so that could be this month or early December as well. And then, the CMA final decision. So I think to your point, things seem to be progressing in a positive light in the U.K. regulatory construct. And I would expect that to translate positively in our process, but I don't want to get into a lot of detail in terms of where we are with potential bidders.
Ryan Greenwald: Got it. Fair enough. And how are you guys thinking about your hedging strategy ahead of any transaction, corresponding cash proceeds, just given the latest backdrop? I'm curious if you can kind of frame your thoughts around any internal forecast you guys have on the currency over the next several months?
Vince Sorgi: Sure. Joe, you want to talk about that a little bit?
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. Well, as far as hedging the proceeds of the transaction that is something that we're considering at this time. Nothing really to update at this point, but if and when appropriate, we'll provide an update then. I think how the pound moves here could depend on – would depend, we think, on our U.S. collection results and which way that goes. So certainly watching the pound closely and giving consideration to hedging.
Ryan Greenwald: Got it. Appreciate the time.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi, team. Good morning. Who do you think is going to win the election? I'm just kidding. Maybe just can you talk about – you mentioned asset swaps or asset exchange events in the past and Joe – so maybe just talk about where that stands? And then, in light of that, I do have a follow-up question, but maybe just address that and then I have a follow-up as it relates to sort of possible future M&A.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Durgesh, I don't think it's appropriate to get into. We're kind of getting into the process now with potential buyers. So just not appropriate to get into any kind of detail around the process.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. That's fair, Vince. Totally understandable. And then, maybe can you talk about just maybe there's – the reason why I ask is there's, obviously, Center Point earlier today talked about putting one to two gas LDCs in their infrastructure – in their asset base on market next year. NiSource is another – one of your peers, has made that commentary. Maybe can you talk about the M&A growth opportunities in the U.S. outside of this whole deal with the U.K.? Just how do you think about potential consolidation opportunities, your views on electric versus gas and geographies that you might be interested in, anything that you can sort of speak to that?
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So overall, I would say we are interested in acquiring regulated utilities. We do have a preference toward electric, but electric and gas utilities are also attractive to us. In terms of geography, I'm not sure that that contiguous service territories or anything like that is necessarily something that we put a high emphasis on. So at this point, I would say, we are pretty open to opportunities that may come-up in the market. Again, where – our base case is fix the balance sheet, not really fix the balance sheet, but improve the balance sheet from where we are to kind of the mid-teens and then share buybacks, right? It would be the kind of the base case as that we would look at M&A as potential to improving value above that. Renewables is also another area that I think we're seriously considering. We did acquire Safari Energy back in 2018, hasn't been a significant component of the PPL earnings profile to date. However, when we come out of the WPD sale we could possibly be a cash taxpayer at that time, which, obviously, would put us in a good position around the renewables business. So I think we have opportunity to organically grow that business given kind of how we've positioned the DER business that we acquired a couple of years ago, but also there could be possibility or potential to do some M&A there as well.
Durgesh Chopra: Great. Super helpful, Vince. So I'll let others to ask. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Durgesh.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Today's next question comes from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hi, good morning.
Vince Sorgi: Good morning, Paul.
Joe Bergstein: Good morning.
Paul Patterson: I appreciate you guys are in the middle of the process. And obviously, if – you can share only what you can share. But can you give us any flavor, I mean, as to sort of the level of interest? I mean, in other words, have there been a lot of people who have been showing interest in the property? And are you – I mean, you mentioned these regulatory events in the U.K. Are these things that people are looking to see, I guess, before they do – before they show interest? Or can you give us any flavor as to – or at least how optimistic you feel about what you've encountered so far?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. I would – so Paul, I would say that the process and the level of interest is progressing as we would have expected. I did talk about in August when we made the announcement that I did expect there to be quite a bit of interest in WPD, given the quality of the assets, the quality of the management team. And again, we think electric distribution is the premier sector in the utility industry in the U.K. given its role in where it's going to play in the decarbonization efforts to get to net zero in the U.K. So at this point, I would say, nothing that I'm seeing would kind of alter that view. And things are progressing as we had expected.
Paul Patterson: Awesome. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ryan Levine of Citi. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Hi, good morning. So as the sale process continues to move forward, is there any more color you're able to share around the tax attributes of the portfolio for sale?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. No update at this point. But Joe, I don't know if you want to mention anything on – thoughts on tax strategy.
Joe Bergstein: No. Nothing. Nothing to update at this time or any additional details at this time, Ryan. We'll give an update on that when appropriate, but I don't think it's appropriate to do so now given where we are in the process.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then, to follow-up on the comments about being open to gas utility deals, curious about your long-term ESG strategy and your views on decarbonization?
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So our stated goals are try to reduce our carbon emissions by 80% by 2050, 70% – at least 70% by 2040. As of 12/31/2019, so as of the end of last year, we've already delivered about a 56% reduction, compared to 2010, and that compares to about a 45% reduction for the sector. So we're feeling very, very good about our transition strategy and the glide path that we're on to achieve that at least 70% by 2040 and at least 80% by 2050. Our reduction targets are, we think they're comparable to our industry peers, even some of those peers that have indicated a net-zero target by 2050, they've indicated that they see a pretty clear path to 80% reduction, but would require incremental technological improvements to get the remaining 20%. And that's very consistent with how we are seeing things as well. It's one of the reasons why we joined the EPRI, GTI, LCRI R&D project over the next five years to really try to identify that technology to actually get to net zero by 2050. Again, as we're thinking about the declining costs of renewable energy, we think there'll be continued opportunity to accelerate decarbonization, even in Kentucky, even without retiring coal plants to the extent that the LCOE of solar continues to come down, it could end up being cheaper than the variable cost of generating in Kentucky. But again, a long-term carbon reduction goals for us is around the retirement of the coal fleet. But we will continue to do that in a very balanced way. We're focused on working with the commission making sure that the power that we continue to generate in the state is affordable and reliable for our customers that is critical. Relatively cheap electric in the State of Kentucky is an important component of their economic development strategy. So again, as we think about our carbon reduction strategy, it's in a very balanced way to make sure that we're keeping our customers and our regulators in mind. And again, we think we are in a good position to balance all of those things. If technology were to improve or the cost curves continue to come down significantly, what we've noticed and experienced in Kentucky is that the commission has been very supportive of coal retirements when it makes economic sense to do so. They are not supportive when it does not make economic sense. Just to remind everybody, we've retired over 1,200 megawatts of coal fire generation since 2010, and that was all based on economics. So we think again, the regulatory construct is supportive down there, but it's all based on economics and as – right now, the economics are not quite there to accelerate the retirement. But as that continues to progress, certainly, our team in Kentucky is looking at that. We think the commission will continue to be supportive of things like that as well. I think just the key there is to ensure that the generation is reliable and affordable. And again, I think we're in a good position to balance all of those factors.
Ryan Levine: But just a follow-up, I mean, how does adding or potentially adding a gas utility to your portfolio fit within that framework?
VinceSorgi: Well, I don't want to specifically indicate whether or not we would be interested in just a gas LDC on its own. My preference would be in electric and gas utility. Again, I think over time, gas will be deemphasized as we think about a longer-term carbon transition strategy for the U.S. And so that's why I like electric and gas a little better because you can build in that direct edge for electrification there. But I wouldn't say today that we wouldn't take a look at that.
Ryan Levine: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for the final remarks.
Vince Sorgi: Great. I just want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today, and we'll see you all at EEI virtually next week. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Well, thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-10 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Ludwig - PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp. Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp. Paul W. Thompson - PPL Corp.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Ryan Levine - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day and welcome to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig - PPL Corp.: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter 2020 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation and our earnings release issued earlier today on the Investors section of our website. Our remarks this morning may contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events, including today's announcement to launch a process to sell PPL's UK business. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of our presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking statements. During the call, we will also refer to earnings from ongoing operations, a non-GAAP measure. For reconciliations to the appropriate GAAP measure, please refer to the appendix of this presentation and our earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to Vince Sorgi, PPL President and CEO.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. I'm excited to be leading my first earnings call as CEO, as we certainly have a lot to talk about this morning. With me today are Joe Bergstein, our Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin, the Head of our Pennsylvania Utility business; Paul Thompson, the Head of our Kentucky Utility business; and Phil Swift, who leads WPD, our electric distribution business in the UK. Moving to slide 3, I'll begin this morning's call with comments on today's announcement to initiate a process to sell our operations in the UK. Then I'll discuss some quarterly highlights and operational updates including our continued strong performance during COVID-19 pandemic, and some thoughts around Ofgem's latest publications on the RIIO-2 process. Joe will then provide a more detailed review of the second quarter financial update, and as always we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. So turning to slide 4, today we announced after completing a comprehensive strategic review with our Board of Directors that we are going to initiate a process to sell our UK business, WPD. We've engaged JPMorgan to lead that process for us. The sale which strategically repositions PPL as a purely US utility holding company, sharpening our focus on rate regulated assets in the US, and improving our ability to invest in sustainable energy solutions. We expect the proceeds from the sale would be used to strengthen our balance sheet and enhance our long-term earnings growth which could include supporting US asset acquisitions and returning capital to share owners. We believe there are multiple ways in which this transaction will create shareowner value. First, we strongly believe the sale price net of any cash will be higher than the sum of the parts value currently embedded in PPL stock price. Second, we believe we will have a much stronger balance sheet post-sale, targeting mid-teens FFO to debt metric. Third, we believe we can target an EPS growth rate more in line with our US utility peers. And finally, assuming we acquire another US utility we believe we can leverage our operational excellence and efficient business model to create even more value for both customers and shareowners. We've been very transparent with investors that while we constantly analyze strategic alternatives, we would not engage in M&A unless we could do it in a way that would create shareholder value. We firmly believe that the sale of WPD at this time will unlock value for our shareowners. As we've been saying for a number of years, we believe WPD represents the premier asset group with an extremely high performing management team in the best energy subsector in the UK, i.e. electric distribution. We are more confident than ever that the road to net-zero carbon emissions in the UK will flow through electric distribution. And significant investment will be required in that sector if the UK is going to achieve its net-zero goals, which Ofgem reaffirmed over a week ago in the electric distribution subsector consultation. I expect that WPD will have the opportunity to earn reasonable returns and invest significant amounts of capital during RIIO-ED2 and well beyond that. As such, the decision to sell WPD is in no way a negative reflection on our WPD team or the WPD business, in fact it's quite the opposite. We are extremely proud of the financial and operational results that WPD has achieved over the past two decades and we are confident they will continue to deliver in the future. And while we believe the public market continues to discount the value of WPD in our share price, we firmly expect that a wide range of strategic and financial buyers will demonstrate significant interest in this highly attractive asset. There are several recent precedent transactions of regulated networks in the UK and across broader Europe that support our position. Given the relative attractiveness of electric distribution and the superior quality of the WPD business, we would expect WPD to attract a premium valuation. We expect to evaluate a variety of offers for the purchase of WPD, including all cash or a combination of cash and US utility assets. Regarding timing, we would intend to announce a transaction within the first half of next year. Let me just end by saying the plan to sell WPD is part of a broader strategic repositioning of the company, which we believe will result in a new PPL with a stronger balance sheet, a more focused growth strategy in the US, and an improved position to reduce its carbon footprint. We believe this will lead to a stronger outlook for the company, with a competitive TSR and compelling growth prospects. The dividend has been and will remain an important part of total shareowner return for PPL investors. There's no change in the dividend as a result of the announcement this morning. The Board will assess the dividend at the appropriate time in connection with the resulting transaction. Now, let me make some high level comments on the quarterly results before turning it over to Joe for the more detailed quarterly review. Turning to slide 5, today, we announced second quarter reported earnings of $0.45 per share; adjusting for special items, second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.55 per share compared with $0.58 per share a year ago. Turning to a brief update on the impacts of COVID-19, I'm pleased to report that we continue to deliver electricity and natural gas safely and reliably, as our customers navigate the challenges of this pandemic. As we highlighted on our first quarter call, we acted swiftly and aggressively to implement social distancing and minimize the spread of the virus within our company. This included shifting about 35% to 40% of our workforce, or more than 4,500 employees to work from home and creating additional separation for those who must still report to a PPL facility due to the nature of their jobs. With health and safety our top priority, these steps remain in place today even as restrictions have begun to ease in the regions in which we operate. And while we continue to plan for what re-entry to the workplace will look like for those now at home we plan to move very cautiously and continue to follow guidance from the CDC and state and local health departments. As a result of the measures we've taken, we've been very effective in minimizing the impact of COVID-19 on our workforce and our operations. While the most recent Tropical Storm Isaias impacted about 70,000 of our customers in Pennsylvania, we were able to restore power to most of them within 24 hours and all of them within 48 hours, reinforcing again little to no impact from COVID-19 on our ability to serve our customers even in the worst of conditions. Further, we remain well-positioned from a supply chain perspective and our capital plans remain on track as we've experienced minimal delay, apart from the early lockdown phase in the UK. Finally from a financial perspective we've maintained a strong liquidity position of over $4 billion, our cash receipts have remained steady and minimal impact on our allowance for bad debt. Turning to a UK regulatory update, we've seen some recent developments pertaining to the next price control period RIIO-2. First, we were not surprised at all by the recent outcomes of the draft determinations for gas and transmission published in early July. Ofgem has been very clear about three things in there RIIO-2 messaging. They are going to incentivize investment that supports the UK's net zero carbon ambitions, they will ensure customer bills remain affordable, and there will be significant investment required in electric distribution over at least the next decade. We've said all along that Ofgem was going to deemphasize the gas and transmission sectors in favor of electric distribution. Not because they are picking winners and losers, but because they fundamentally know the electric distribution networks will require significant investment going forward. In order for customers to afford that level of investment, they need to build headroom into customer bills with lower returns and lower investment levels in gas and transmission. We believe that is why Ofgem has been so critical of the investment plans of both the gas and transmission subsectors. On average, Ofgem cut the gas investment plans by about 20% and cut the transmission plans by about 45%. While Ofgem indicated there would be potential opportunities for some of that investment to be accrued in the final determinations, which will come out later this year, I don't believe Ofgem is going to make it easy on these sectors. WPD is in the fortunate position however to be able to follow the gas and transmission process through to the end, prior to us having to submit our business plans mid-next year. Therefore, we are expecting that the RIIO-ED2 process for WPD will be much smoother and more successful. The sector specific methodology consultation on electric distribution that was released just over a week ago was also largely in line with our expectations. Ofgem made it clear that the DNOs were going to be critical, to supporting the de-carbonization efforts in the UK, to deliver a net zero economy. And we continue to agree that we're best positioned to deliver on those objectives. While we are still in the early stages of this process, WPD is very focused and engaged with our stakeholders and Ofgem to ensure we deliver a plan that will achieve these goals. We've led the way in RIIO-1 in terms of stakeholder engagement and will continue to lead in this area as we begin our business planning process towards the end of this year. While many other parameters are still being developed, let me talk a little bit about our expectations for the electric distribution incentive package. Based on our recent discussions with Ofgem, we expect the incentive scheme for ED2 to continue to play a significant role in the overall returns for the electric distribution sector, much more significant compared to gas and transmission. In addition to the reliability and customer incentives we're accustomed to, I would expect to see significant output measures for low carbon initiatives, promoting flexibility of the network and other net zero related outputs. So while incentives are not a significant component of the gas and transmission subsector reviews, we absolutely continue to expect it to be meaningful for ED2. And finally, regarding our 2020 earnings forecast, while COVID-19 has had an impact on our year-to-date financial results and we expect it to negatively impact the remainder of the year as well, we continue to believe the full year impact will be manageable. Therefore we reiterated our earnings guidance range for 2020 of $2.40 to $2.60 per share with results expected to track towards the lower end of our forecast range given COVID and unfavorable weather in the first half of the year. In a positive sign we began to see a gradual easing of restrictions later in the quarter that dampened some of the impact we were seeing in April from strict lockdown measures. Residential load continues to be stronger than planned as a result of the continued work from home measures, and while C&I is still below plan in all three business units it is not as bad as we were originally expecting it to be. Regarding 2021 we are withdrawing our prior 2021 forecast as a result of today's announcement regarding the potential sale of the UK business, and we will provide an updated 2021 forecast at the conclusion of the process which we expect to occur in the first half of 2021. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for a more detailed financial update. Joe?
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. I'll cover our second quarter segment results on slide 6. First, I'd like to highlight that the estimated impact from COVID on our second quarter results was about $0.06 per share, which was primarily due to lower sales volumes in the UK and lower demand revenue in Kentucky. As we outlined in our projections on the first quarter call, about two-thirds of the impact or $0.04 per share is recoverable through the UK decoupling mechanism on a two-year lag. I'll discuss further the impacts of COVID on the quarterly sales volumes in more detail in a few moments. Turning to the quarterly walk and starting with Q2 2019 ongoing results on the left. We first reflect adjustments for weather and dilution for comparability purposes of the underlying businesses. During the second quarter, we experienced a $0.01 favorable variance due to weather compared to the second quarter of 2019 primarily in Pennsylvania. Compared to our forecast, weather in the second quarter was about a $0.01 unfavorable variance with stronger load in Pennsylvania being offset by more mild weather in the UK and Kentucky versus normal conditions. In terms of dilution, we saw a $0.03 impact in the quarter primarily driven by the November 2019 draw on our equity forward contracts. Moving to the segment drivers. Excluding these items, our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.33 per share in the second quarter 2020. This represents a $0.01 decrease compared to a year ago. The decline was primarily due to lower sales volumes primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 and lower other income due to lower pension income. These decreases were partially offset by higher realized foreign currency exchange rates compared to the prior period of Q2 2020 average rates of $1.63 per pound compared to $1.36 per pound in Q2 2019. I'll note that we layered on additional hedges since our last quarterly call and are now hedged at 95% for the balance of 2020 at an average hedge rate of $1.47 per pound. And in light of today's announcement, we did not plan to add additional earnings hedges to 2021. Moving to Pennsylvania, we earned $0.15 per share, which was $0.02 higher than our comparable results in Q2 2019. The increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted gross margins primarily resulting from returns on additional capital investments in transmission. This increase was partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense. I'll note that our customer mix mitigated the impact on sales from COVID-19, as our positive impact from our significant residential base in Pennsylvania and fixed charges more than offset lower demand in the C&I sectors. Turning to our Kentucky Regulated segment, we earned $0.10 per share, a $0.03 decrease from our results one year ago. The decline was primarily due to lower commercial and industrial demand due to the impact of COVID-19 and higher income taxes due to a tax credit recognized in the second quarter of 2019. These decreases were partially offset by higher retail rates that were effective May 1, 2019. Results at corporate and other were $0.01 higher compared with a year ago driven by several factors, none of which were individually significant. Turning to slide 7 we outlined the changes in weather normalized sales for each segment by customer class. As expected and reflected in the financial results we saw lower demand in the C&I sectors partially offset by higher demand in the residential space in each of our service territories. In addition, as Vince pointed out, the reopenings that we observed primarily in June substantially reduced the impact on load. For example in Kentucky and Pennsylvania, we went from 15% to 20% C&I load declines at the peak of the lockdowns in April from more modest declines of 8% and 2% respectively for the month of June. In the UK, we saw some positive momentum as the UK government downgraded its alert level mid-month, although the recovery was more modest with June demand down about 11% versus the prior year. I'll note for this slide, the quarterly information presented for the UK aligns with our financial statement presentation on a one month's lag and shows the period-over-period variances from March, April and May. Looking forward, we're encouraged by the recovery we've seen in June, which gives us more comfort in reaffirming the 2020 forecast today albeit at the lower end of the range. We expect the annualized load sensitivities by segment that we provided last quarter will remain as good guides as we move through the balance of the year. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Joe. Let me conclude today's remarks with an outline of some of my key areas of focus for the company and my excitement for PPL's bright future. As I've mentioned to many of you over the past few months, I'm extremely proud of our operational excellence at PPL which is core to our mission of delivering safe and reliable service at an affordable price. This has been and will continue to be a priority for the company as it has led to continuous innovation and operational improvements that are driving our premier customer service and satisfaction levels. One of my goals is to take this culture of operational excellence and find ways to leverage it to drive additional value for our customers and shareowners. Another one of my goals is to improve our overall TSR performance and the strategic repositioning announced this morning is one step in that direction. I'm sure our decision to launch the sale process for WPD doesn't come as a surprise to investors given PPL stock performance over the past few years. We believe today's announcement creates the best path forward to improve our TSR by simplifying the business mix, reducing our leverage, improving our earnings growth rate, and enhancing our ability to invest in sustainable energy solutions. Another key area of focus will be to reduce the carbon footprint of the company. We've already communicated our targets of reducing CO2 emissions by at least 70% by 2040 and at least 80% by 2050. With the declining costs of renewable energy, we believe there will be a real opportunity to accelerate the carbonization of our Kentucky fleet under regulatory oversight and with economic benefit for our customers. In closing, I'm very excited for the future of PPL. I firmly believe that the company's organic growth opportunities and strengthened financial flexibility expected from today's announced strategic repositioning best position PPL to deliver long-term value to both our shareowners and our customers. We look forward to providing further updates at the conclusion of the process or as appropriate. With that operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question today will come from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, guys. This is (00:21:32) for Shar. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: I guess just sort of following on your comments through, Vince, if we could start at a high level on the sale process, I mean, what gave you and the Board the sense that this is really the time to do this? Kind of why now, is it the internal management, is it external factors like post-Brexit pre-RIIO-ED2 kind of, what were the factors that went into decision?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, I think, there's been quite a bit of change actually, right, we've been very transparent with the market and our investors that while we constantly review strategic options to maximize value that we would not engage in M&A unless we thought, right, that it would create value for our shareowners. And as I said in my prepared remarks, at this point, we believe that the market has shifted and that executing the sale of WPD will in fact create not only immediate value for shareowners, but will set the company up going forward for longer term growth with a stronger balance sheet. In terms of the market backdrop right last year, we had the general election in the UK, (00:22:48) election they failed, renationalization risk is in the rearview mirror. We believe there's been additional clarity around the RIIO2 process primarily for electric distribution which supports what we've been saying from the beginning in terms of supporting electric distribution and the road to zero kind of flowing through that subsector, so we've got some clarity on all that. Unfortunately that additional clarity really has not improved our stock price performance, certainly not to the level you would have expected and in fact the discount has widened compared to our peers. So again, the market also on the buy side for these types of assets is pretty strong right now in Europe. There has been a number of comps that we saw starting with gas distribution in the UK, electric distribution in the UK and then some other electric assets in broader Europe that have yielded some very strong results. So we think given the quality of the UK business and the management team and again the subsector that we're dealing with, we firmly believe that the process will be successful and will garner a greater value for WPD and a sale process then will be recognized in the share price.
Unknown Speaker: Got you. Thanks. And then I guess could you give us a sense of whether there are any market power concerns in the UK, would that preclude some of your neighbors from potentially acquiring the systems and then are you open to selling the WPD regions piecemeal or is it really just a single sale?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. I don't want to get into necessarily specifics on who the names that might be interested or the structures. I think, what we've done today with the announcement has created maximum flexibility around that. So I think you're going to see some creativity on the part of buyers, whether it's cash, a combination of cash and perhaps assets in the US that certainly we will entertain as those they start coming in and we work with JPMorgan on all of that stuff. So at this point, I don't know that that market power would be a top concern, but certainly we'll deal with that if appropriate.
Unknown Speaker: Got you. Thanks. And then just one quick one state side. Can you give us any updates on Project Compass, is there any movement there?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: No, that's – we pretty much stopped working actively on Compass.
Unknown Speaker: Cool. That's good to hear. Great. Thanks, guys. Congrats on the announcement and thanks for taking my questions.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from the Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, team. Congrats on the potential transactions with that.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wanted to follow up here with a couple of considerations here. Just wanted to elaborate on your commentary in the script – on the script around dividend and just re-observation therein, I know today you guys obviously are but just considerations. And then secondly you have some very interesting wording around cash and/or assets and US utility assets to that. To the extent to which you are not necessarily successful gaining a asset swap or what have you, how do you see this leading potentially to a second stage US utility combination as well. Just one step versus two steps, I'd love to hear your train of (00:26:23) thoughts?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, on the generic use of proceeds, Julien, let me – maybe let me just talk about how we're kind of thinking about that. I kind of put it into four main buckets, right. The first will be to strengthen the balance sheet, better position us moving power, and again I think targeting a mid-teens FFO to debt based on our discussions with the agencies, we think that maintaining solid investment grade credit ratings, where we are currently coming out of this, with a lot more flexibility and levers to pull as we think about future growth of the company moving forward. So that's the kind of the bucket number one. The second which is kind of to your point, looking at future long-term earnings growth with investments in regulated utility assets, as we think about the operating model that we deployed at PPL and the efficiency of that model, we think we can acquire some US utility assets, whether as part of the consideration coming from the deal or to your point a potential follow-on and create significant shareholder and customer value. Obviously with PPL Electric Utilities here in Pennsylvania as an example of what we've been able to accomplish, since 2011 we've grown our rate base CAGR in NPA (00:27:53) by about 12%, at the same time our O&M has grown less than 1%. And our average PPL Electric utility rate is about 25% less than the average in the Mid-Atlantic region. We've improved our customer satisfaction scores from J.D. Power by about 20%, and of course, improved reliability at the same time by about 30%. So the kind of the strategy that underpin that was a clear focus on hardening our system as we were making these investments and including the advanced smart grid technology and grid automation, of course looking at better integration of distributed energy resources, including distributed energy resource management systems, so the software side of that as well. And then moving to digital technologies, on the IT front has done a lot to actually reduce the O&M and drive that less than 1% CAGR that I talked about, and so all of that kind of results in our ability to become more efficient, deploy that capital into the network and bring the network into a state that's more flexible, more automated, and more friendly to distributed energy resources and green sources of power. So we think at this point that we've gotten that model that to a point where we could replicate that. And so, again if we are able to acquire an asset in the US either through the consideration or a follow-on, we think that would be another opportunity to create long-term value again both for shareholders and customers. Kind of the third bucket...
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Let me...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: ...given the – go ahead.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: No, no, no. Go, go.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: The third bucket just given the strengthening of the balance sheet, we could think about renewables a bit differently than we do today, which will have a direct impact on reducing our carbon footprint and enhancing the growth profile quite frankly just given the credit metrics that we have today that hasn't really been a lever that we've been able to pull in any significant way. And then return of capital to shareholders would be kind of that fourth bucket although I would say our strong preference is to redeploy the proceeds into US growth assets, as it comes to return on capital.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: If I can clarify your US utility, (00:30:21) from an acquisition, I mean, could this be a sale and/or a merger of equals, I just want to understand a little bit your philosophy maybe at the end of the day, what's your philosophy in terms of EPS accretion of any deal just to give you guys the opportunity to clarify?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Look, I don't think it's appropriate to speculate on the buy side M&A at this point since we're just launching the process on the sell side for WPD. And maybe I'll just comment, Julien, take a big step back and make a couple comments that I recognize that announcing the launch of the process today as opposed to making this announcement when we have a deal, we recognize that we're not going to have all the answers to your questions. Right. And a lot of your questions may depend on what the actual transaction is, the proceeds and then the use of those proceeds. But given the amount of questions that we've gotten from investors and from sell side over the years specifically regarding strategic alternatives for WPD. We just wanted to be transparent with the market and announce the process. It also has benefits in terms of the process itself, it is common in Europe to announce these types of sale processes at the time you launch it as opposed to waiting and so we believe the buyer universe will be those that – or will include those that have played in that European market. So having a process that's more akin to what they're accustomed to, we think will help with the process itself. So we think we just maximize the flexibility, we think there'll be a lot of interest and it just improves the probability that we'll be able to execute it. So just wanted to just make a general comment on that, but recognizing that we really don't have specifics on the transaction or the proceeds, or the use of those proceeds. I think it's a bit premature to speculate on the buy side, use of those proceeds, to your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Congrats again. Excellent. Look forward to it. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: And the next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, hey, good morning. So...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Hi, Steve.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Vince. So just I guess in the event that you're able to find a transaction that includes US assets, utility assets from a buyer, could that potentially be like a like kind exchange treatment for that portion, where you could defer tax or not clear?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Not likely that we would get like kind exchange treatment, Steve, but we – one of the issues we discussed in the past was just tax leakage on a transaction and maybe I'll let Joe talk a little bit about kind of our views on that. So we do think we...
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. That would be helpful.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: We've identified with ways to minimize that burden, but I don't think like kind exchange would be the way to do it, but go ahead, Joe.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Sure. Thanks. Good morning, Steve. So, tax has been one of those limiting factors for us previously and as we've said many times this is an area that we would continue to focus on, but as a result of some changes that came about from the TCJA we believe that there are some transaction structures that allow us to offset a significant portion of the tax burden. So those changes along with our NOL balance we believe we're in much better position today than we were previously.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Oh, that's good. Okay. Okay. So to the degree, assets might be involved it would just be because you like the value of that, it wouldn't have any other real rationale versus cash, I guess? And I guess it's a directory investment too, so limits dilution risk?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. I mean, look we're going to look at various different structures and look at maximizing shareowner return, and whether that's all cash or combination of cash and assets, way too early to tell, but at the end of the day we are – the goal here is to maximize shareowner value, but it's also to set the company up for long-term growth and value for investors as well. So we'll factor all that in. I think if you look at our track record of M&A, whether it was acquiring Kentucky in 2010 and the Midlands acquisitions in 2011, and then (00:35:12) off the Genco in 2015, right, all of those created significant shareholder value at the time we did them. So, we'll deal with this in a very thoughtful way with the Board and our advisors and ultimately pick the best structure that optimizes long-term growth and value.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just, on the dividend, could you just be maybe a little more clear on the dividend post this whole transaction, kind of how you're thinking about that, is it just something where you'll assess all the pieces at the time and determine what to do with it or just is there any more color you could just give on that to fill out the picture?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Look, I just think it's too early Steve to get into any specifics on if there would be an adjustment if any to the dividend. To your point, we'll take a look at all of this at the time we announce the transaction and then the Board will assess the dividend at that time. But as a result of the announcement today, we are not adjusting the dividend at all. And that will continue to remain an important part of our overall TSR, which is – has always been the case for PPL and will continue. Just think it's too early to get into really any specific scenarios around the dividend.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Hey. Good morning, Vince and Joe.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Durgesh.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Maybe just Joe can you go back to the tax basis issue, I – sort of, I remember this sort of being a hurdle to get the deal done. So what exactly, so with TCJA you're actually in a much favorable position and then I heard you say NOLs perhaps were bigger than they were when you evaluated this perhaps maybe 12, 16, 24 months ago, but just can you elaborate any more color on what change with TCJA?
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Yeah, sure. So, first of all, the NOL balance really hasn't changed. It's just I think we would – with NOL like, we would be utilizing that NOL balance in the transaction, but we'll have to see ultimately what the transaction is. As far as the TCJA changes go, as you can appreciate, as with most things tax related it's complicated, it's also very technical and the reality is, it's transaction specific. So given the flexibility that we're creating and talking about today around the potential transaction, we're not going to get into specifics on any of the details at this time. I would just say though that these, these are very low risk strategies that we found and so we feel comfortable with our ability to utilize them.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Understood.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: But...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: This is Vince. I would just say that the tax component of it, that Joe talked about, is just one component. I think at the end of the day, when we think about the current market for these types of assets in Europe and even in the UK, we just think that the after-tax proceeds that we would expect today are quite higher than we would have 18 months to 24 months ago when the nationalization risk within the middle of the all the discussion, and (00:38:51) was in the middle of it all. So, I think, that, while the tax component is certainly helping, it's the total net after-tax proceeds that we'd just think is much stronger now than it was.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. But just to be clear, you still expect the tax leakage, you just think from a tax to specifically tax perspective, you're better now versus let's say 24 months ago and you also think the UK assets would fetch you better value here than perhaps 24 months – 16 to 24 months ago?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Correct on both points.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And then maybe just one last follow up, Vince, the timing first half of 2021 is there – are you – did you just officially kick start the process or have you been actively talking to parties? It just seems like you're pretty confident in that first half of 2021 schedule, am I reading too much into it?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Well, the regulatory process in the UK is much shorter than in the US. So getting from announcement to a deal to close could take as little as 30 to 60 days as opposed to what we're accustomed to here in the US. So all we're doing with that kind of first half or 2021 commentary is providing enough time, so we are launching the process today. So we need to do all of the activities that go into actually launching the process and then likely a couple rounds of bids and then a couple of months of allotment for approval time should – we should be able to get that done, between now and the middle of next year.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. That's great, Vince. And congratulations on your first earnings call as CEO and good luck.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you so much.
Operator: And the next question will come from Paul Patterson with Glenrock. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hey, good morning.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to sort of clarify the tax situation. For the most part, it sounds like you plan on offsetting through – in terms of structuring the transaction and NOLs that there really won't be any significant tax leakage, is that right?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Joe, you want to?
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Yeah, certainly through the transaction structuring of the NOL, we think we can offset a significant portion of merely what the resulting tax will be, I think, we'll just have to wait and see what the transaction is, and what – given that we're open to a variety of transaction structures, that we'll want to see (00:41:33) where we end up at the end of the day.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just you're launching the formal process, was there an informal process, have you put any feelers out or anything else to sort of or is this pretty much just you're really just starting the process in general here, where there's no – you haven't had any preliminary discussions or anything?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: No, just between us and our advisors, no outreach to.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then finally the credit rating for the new entity assuming the transaction happens and everything and how should we think about how you guys want to be if there's any particularly changing credit rating metric or credit rating itself, goals or anything, has that changed?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Go ahead Joe.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Yeah. No, no changes to those objectives, Paul. We would as Vince mentioned in his remarks, we would expect to target FFO to debt in the mid-teens and certainly lowering our (00:42:34) to total debt percentage as part of that. So, maintaining our current credit ratings and improving the credit metrics is one of the objectives.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Sure.
Operator: And the next question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Just curious can you remind us what's the size of the NOLs currently, I'm just trying to think about the ramifications of an all cash deal?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. It's – at the end of 2019, it was about $1.5 billion.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. And when you think about it or just the timeline of this, how do you think about from the time you make a deal announcement to the time of an actual close, like what have you seen in the UK in terms of just process-wise from announced deals or closing time?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So when we announced the acquisition of Midlands, Michael, it was 38 (43:27).
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. So you expect a relatively quick close for a buyer, so a potential buyer couldn't have to go 6 to 9 months or so like you often see in the US, if not longer, before being able to close and therefore have a role in the real process?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. I think that depends on who the buyer is, but either way I don't think you're looking at the length of the process that we're seeing in the US.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. And then last on Kentucky, I've asked this – on this a bit in prior earnings call, how do you look at your Kentucky fleet right now? How much of the coal generating capacity there, what percent roughly, do you think comprise – it's made up of smaller, less kind of uneconomic unit that lack economy, really lack economy of scale of the coal fleet?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So I mean, Paul, I think you're on. I don't know if you have specifics on some of the smaller parts of the fleet. I mean, I think for the most part with the 1,200 megawatts that we retired, Michael, those are pretty well out of the fleet. But, Paul, any thoughts on that.
Paul W. Thompson - PPL Corp.: Right. I would say, Michael, that the fleet that we have today is larger, more economic. By and large, as Vince just indicated, over the last few years we have retired smaller older units and so what we have today on the margin is very efficient and effective, all in compliance, but obviously there is a progression of smaller units existing to larger and as some of the regulations and economics may change, we'll continue to look at retiring those at the appropriate time and with the appropriate approvals, but I guess I would leave you with the thought that today the fossil fleet is a pretty efficient one.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And how about the regulatory politics of retiring existing coal units in what is still somewhat of a coal state like Kentucky and replacing them with either gas or wind?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. The economics are going to drive that. We – again we've done 1,200 megawatts over the last five years. And I have no – I've had no issues dealing with the commission and the state on that. But economics is what drove that. So, as we think about, this is kind of a follow on to Paul's comment as we look at renewables or if there are – if Biden wins the election and the Senate flips to Democrats, Biden's plan is calling for net carbon neutral from the power sector by 2035 so that would likely require a more aggressive coal retirement strategy than what we're currently working under current regulation and legislation. So, I think a lot of things could factor into that, Michael, but for the most part that the commission has been – again if there's a regulatory requirement to do it, then we have to do it after that it's economics. So Paul, I don't know if you have any additional thoughts on that.
Paul W. Thompson - PPL Corp.: No, I would just reiterate what you're saying. We've had a good process on everything that we've done heretofore and so I would expect that to continue as the conditions change for whatever reasons.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And the next question will come from Paul Freemont with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Thank you very much and congratulations on the announcement. I was hoping you could be a maybe a little bit more specific on the FFO to debt. We have you I think in the 14% to 15% range. Are you looking – when you say mid-teens, are you looking to maintain that or are you looking for that to go up and if it's going up by roughly – by how much?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah, Joe, I'll let you take that.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Yeah, Paul, I think, it's too early to say. I think the point that we want to make today is that we would target FFO to debt metric in the mid-teens and we look to maintain our current credit ratings. Our ratings have been and will continue to be important to us and we've taken the necessary steps to maintaining those ratings, and this transaction would be no different. So I think our current credit ratings, we're happy with where they are and we'd be willing just to maintain them and that may include improving our current metric a bit to do so, but we'll have to see what the transaction looks like at the end before we get into more details.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: And is that because one of the rating agencies at least looks at the UK business as having lower business risk than the US utilities?
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Both of the agencies view the UK favorably in our credit rating. So selling the UK, how they view the standalone business, I think we have to have discussions with them about that and of course what assets could potentially come along with the transaction would be another factor there. So I just – I think at this point it's really too early to get into details around the specific credit metric other than to say that we want to maintain our current credit ratings.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: And then can you provide what would you consider to be sort of comps, you mentioned sort of generically what's – what some of the recent comps look like, but can you – what transactions would you consider to be similar to yours?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Well, like I said you have the gas distribution networks that National Grid sold a couple years ago, E&W sold within the last couple years. There's been some other electric distribution networks that have sold in other parts of Europe, actually more recently than that. So those are kind of the assets that we're talking about, the businesses, the comps that we're talking about.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: And then last question from me, I guess, what would you consider to be an appropriate payout on sort of a US regulated electric?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sorry, are you referring to a dividend payout?
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Yes.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: I mean, I think, where you see sector right is kind of a net 60% to 70% range. Somewhere 65% to 70%, somewhere 60% to 65%. But kind of in that, in the 60s range is kind of right average for our sector.
Paul Fremont - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Ryan Levine with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. To the extent you're looking to return capital to shareholders as a result of this transaction, can you comment on preliminary thoughts around efficient ways to return capital to shareholders, buyback or special dividends given where the assets are held?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah, Joe, do you want to take that?
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Sure, Ryan. I think, again, it's too early to say how that would play out, although I think today I'd say the preference would be on buybacks rather than a special dividend, but we'll have to again see what it looks like when we get there.
Ryan Levine - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks. And then what's the regulatory process differences that there would be if the UK business was transacted in pieces versus the whole, and is there anything that would prevent PPL from keeping a smaller part of the UK business longer-term?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: I mean, I would just say that our intention in launching the process is a full exit of the business, so I don't know that there is anything that would preclude us from owning a part of WPD going forward other than our intention. We think the – again, we think the interest level in this business will be high, the market is hot right now for infrastructure assets, so we think these assets will be in demand and we do recognize this will be a large equity check given the size of the WPD business, but that's where potentially including US assets as consideration improves the probability of getting it done because it reduces the amount of cash that's required. So, again, we think just maximum flexibility in kicking this process off just improves the probability of getting to the end result that we're shooting for, which is a full exit of the business.
Ryan Levine - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Appreciate that. And just wanted to follow-up to the extent that your intent to sell the entire business, are there any tax advantages if you were to sell part as opposed to the whole, given the NOLs and your legacy assets?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Not really. I mean there could be tax advantage or cash tax advantage if you don't sell the whole thing, but from a taxable perspective, it's whether you sell one or four, just pro rata.
Ryan Levine - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And this will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn over to management for any closing remarks.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.:  Great. Thanks. I just want to close out the call thanking everybody for your time in joining us today. I just want to reiterate that today's announcement was part of a broader strategic repositioning for the company following strategic review that we conducted with the Board and again reinforcing that we believe this will create shareholder value not only in the near-term for our shareowners, but set the company up for the long-term as well with stronger balance sheet, better earnings growth, and more opportunity to deploy capital, whether that's in the clean energy sector or within our utilities, so really looking forward to getting going on this process and providing more details if and when appropriate. I'm just really excited about the future of the company, so appreciate everybody's time and thank you. Operator, we can close out the call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter 2020 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation. And our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors Section of our website. Our presentation and earnings release, which we'll discuss during today's call, contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events, actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statement. We will also refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the appendix of this presentation and our earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman and CEO.
Bill Spence: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us for our first quarter earnings call. With me today are Vince Sorgi, PPL’s President and Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. Moving to slide 3, I'll begin this morning's call with an executive overview, including our response to the COVID-19 pandemic and PPL's strong position in the face of this challenge. Joe will then provide a more detailed review of first quarter earnings and discuss our approach to managing certain financial risks relating to COVID. Then Vince will take a few moments on how we are maintaining our safe and reliable operations and focus on PPL's long-term strategy. As always, we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. Turning to slide 4, I'm extremely proud of our team's response to the pandemic, which was early and aggressive. This proactive approach helped us adapt quickly to ensure that we continue to provide safe and reliable services during these challenging times. Importantly, we have been able to keep electricity and gas flowing to our over 10 million customers, despite the extensive measures necessary to protect our employees and our communities. First and foremost, we've taken steps to practice social distancing in all of our operations. This has included shifting almost 40% of our workforce to work-from-home. That represents more than 4,500 employees, and it has included creating additional separation for those who must still report to a PPL facility due to the nature of their job. These measures have proven effective as we've had just a handful of positive COVID-19 cases across our company. These encouraging results are in part due to the substantial investments we've made, which enable our staff to complete a lot of the work remotely and without direct interaction with customers. And in those cases where our employees need to enter our customer premises we've ensured our employees have the proper equipment to keep them safe. We've experienced shutdowns of nonessential businesses across the regions we serve, which has supported our social distancing effort. In all of our jurisdictions, the support by our local trade union has been fantastic. As we've worked in true partnership to protect our workers and the public. And it's a testament to our employee whose patience, persistence and professionalism continues to shine through in these unprecedented times. Importantly, we continue to deliver an essential service for our customers when they need us most especially the health care facilities that are literally on the frontline fighting this pandemic. As we focus on meeting our customers' needs, we also remain well-positioned to manage an extended economic downturn brought on by COVID-19. This is a reflection of the low risk, adaptable, great regulated business model that we have strategically built over the past decade. We have a strong liquidity position and took further steps to strengthen our financial position, demonstrating our abilities to access the capital markets, which Joe will discuss more in a few moments. We also have substantial flexibility in our capital plan without major project risk, which enables us to be agile and focused on the immediate needs of our customers shifting noncritical work without significant implications to our overall capital plan. In short, we are confident in our ability to weather the storm as we confront the challenge of COVID-19. Lastly, I would note that we are committed to supporting customers who may be struggling financially through these difficult times. Our foundations in Pennsylvania and Kentucky along with our U.K. business have pledged $1.6 million combined in donations to coronavirus relief funds and programs that help customers with financial hardship. Our companies have also suspended disconnect and late fees and worked to connect -- reconnect customers who had previously been disconnected. In addition, we continue to offer payment assisted programs and other services to help customers manage their energy bills. We know the road won't be easy for many and we will continue to look for opportunities to support our local communities going forward. Now turning to slide 5, today, we announced first quarter reported earnings of $0.72 per share compared with $0.64 per share during the same period a year ago. Adjusting for special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.60 per -- $0.67 per share compared to $0.70 per share a year ago. The decrease was driven largely by $0.04 of dilution and lower sales volumes, primarily due to the mild weather in the first quarter. These factors were partially offset by returns on our additional capital investment. Turning to the full year, w have not changed our 2020 forecast of $2.40 a share to $2.60 per share. And while we're on track through the first quarter with minimal impact from COVID, we have largely been under a lockdown for the past six weeks. This has resulted in lower C&I load and higher residential loads in all of our jurisdiction. At this point, it is too early to predict clearly what the pandemic impact will be on full year results. This will depend on how long the pandemic lasts, the pace and extent of the economic recovery and the degree companies continue in employ work-from-home protocols which is what's driving the higher residential loads. Given these uncertainties and how early we are in the process, we are providing sensitivities in today's material which Joe will cover in more detail in his remarks. We felt it was more helpful and transparent to provide sensitivities that allow shareowners and analysts to assess the potential impact as time goes on. As you'll see in our sensitivity analysis, the monthly impact may be manageable, especially if the economies in our jurisdictions recover quickly and we see more favorable weather coupled with other levers that we can pull. So while we're bringing stability to our communities and customers in the face of unprecedented challenges, we also remain confident in our long-term prospects for our shareowners including our 2021 forecast. We see minimal if any impact to our capital and rate-based growth plans and we maintain an attractive dividend and a strong investment-grade rate credit rating. I'll now turn the call over to Joe for a financial update.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Bill, and good morning everyone. I'll begin with a brief overview of first quarter segment results on slide seven. As Bill mentioned, PPL delivered first quarter 2020 earnings from ongoing operations of $0.67 per share versus $0.70 per share in the first quarter of 2019. Walking from our Q1 2019 results on the left, we first make weather adjustments for comparability purposes of the underlying businesses. As felt across much of the U.S. during the first quarter, we experienced a very mild winter, which drove a $0.03 negative variance compared to Q1 2019 and about $0.05 variance to our forecast. Heating degree days were down by about 30% in Pennsylvania and 15% in Kentucky compared to normal weather conditions. We also adjust for the effects of dilution, primarily driven by the November 2019 draw on our equity forward contracts. Turning to the individual segment drivers, which exclude the impacts of these items, we'll begin first with the U.K. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.39 per share, a $0.02 decrease compared to the same period a year ago. The decrease in U.K. earnings was primarily due to lower other income due to lower pension income and higher operation and maintenance expense. These decreases were partially offset by higher adjusted gross margins, primarily driven by higher prices through the April 1, 2019 price increases. I'll note foreign currency was not a significant driver for Q1 based on the shape of our hedge portfolio. We remain substantially hedged for the balance of 2020 at an average hedge rate of $1.55 per pound. We'll see the benefit of higher hedge rates compared to 2019 in the balance of the year. Moving to Pennsylvania. We earned $0.16 per share, which was $0.02 higher than our comparable results for 2019. The increase was primarily driven to -- by higher adjusted gross margins, primarily resulting from returns on additional capital investment and transmission. Turning to our Kentucky regulated segment, we earned $0.16 per share, a $0.03 increase over our results one year ago. The increase was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins, primarily resulting from higher retail rates effective May 1, 2019. Results at Corporate and Other were $0.01 higher compared to a year ago driven by several factors none of which were individually significant. Turning to slide eight. As Bill noted, the company is well positioned to manage the challenges of COVID and we did not see material impacts to our financial results through the first quarter. With that said, there are a number of key areas of potential risk that we have been managing and continue to monitor. Our preliminary estimates reflect the monthly impact of approximately $0.03 to $0.04 per share based on April lockdowns. Importantly, we believe a substantial portion of these risks will be mitigated through constructive regulatory mechanisms, primarily U.K. decoupling. Breaking down the overall potential risk, starting with customer sales, we are seeing lower C&I volumes across the board given that each one of our jurisdictions have been operating under some form of mandatory lockdown. However, that has also driven strong increases in residential volumes that partially offset these declines. I'll touch on load specific sensitivities in each of our jurisdictions on the next slide but it's important to highlight that any impacts due to U.K. volume variances are fully recoverable in two years and are NPV neutral. Domestically, we have various fixed and demand charges, in our tariffs that helped to reduce the impact to changes in load and about 40% of our Pennsylvania margins come from transmission under a FERC formula rate. Regarding bad debts, our U.K. operations are very well insulated as we do not directly bill the end-use customer in the U.K. WPD bills about 150 suppliers with the largest seven suppliers comprising approximately two-thirds of those receivables. And as part of each U.K. supplier license agreement, these counterparties are required to post collateral in the form of letters of credit, escrow account deposits and cash deposits supporting the DNOs in the event of a supplier default. Turning to the U.S., while we have experienced some delayed payments, we haven't seen a material drop-off in cash received to date. We believe that is in part due to the unemployment and small business provisions in the stimulus packages approved by Congress. I'll also note that our commissions are encouraging customers to continue to pay their utility bills including contacting us directly for payment options. In the event we see the trend of delinquent payments rising to a significant level, we will explore regulatory mechanisms with our commissions to recover late or miss payments related to COVID-19. In regard to our capital plan in the U.S., we do not expect major changes to our plans and expect to complete as much of our planned capital work as possible with minimal notable delays experienced to date. In the U.K., the national shutdown ordered by Prime Minister Johnson has caused us to dial back capital spending to just the essential work focused on ensuring reliability and safety of our network. Ofgem has provided guidance, branding the network's flexibility in this area to prioritize our work accordingly. While we could see some modifications in our plan for 2020, we do not expect this to have a significant impact on our overall CapEx planned for RAV growth. We have the flexibility to shift some of the project to the back half of 2020 or into future periods, depending on the duration of the lockdown. As a reminder, under the favorable U.K. regulatory construct for rate making purposes, 80% of our projected tot-ex or total expenditures grows towards increasing the RAV and 20% is recovered as current period revenue. So shifting or deferring capital investment at least the amount we are talking about does not materially impact our RAV or our annual revenues. I'll cover our detailed liquidity update in a few moments but I'll just reaffirm Bill's comment on our strong position and confidence to manage a prolonged downturn. The recent actions we have taken plus the flexibility we have with our low-risk capital plan gives us further levers to pull to effectively manage the company's cash flow and liquidity through these challenges. Turning to Slide 9. We are providing an update and more detailed view of our load trends by customer class and related sensitivities to better reflect potential risks associated with any prolonged shutdown in our service territory. Of the $0.03 to $0.04 per share of monthly exposure that I mentioned on the prior slide, $0.02 to $0.03 is driven by load. And of that, about $0.02 is recoverable in future periods due to decoupling in the U.K. Based on our observations in April, we estimate the potential impact on C&I load is a decline of approximately 15% to 25% depending on the jurisdiction. The decline in C&I load is partially offset by stronger residential demand, where we observed 1% to 3% increases in the U.K. and 5% to 8% increases domestically. Given this load profile, we are projecting about two-thirds of the impact to come from the U.K. In April, this resulted in Kentucky margins, being off about $0.01 per share relative to our original business plan. In Pennsylvania, margins were flat to plan and we do not have WPD's results yet, given the normal lag in receiving that data from suppliers. If our projections are accurate, it would result in about a $0.02 impact for the U.K. for the month. On the right side of the slide, we provide an example of the U.K. decoupling mechanism. This is an essential part of the regulation that provides stability to our cash flows, supporting the low business risk profile from the credit rating agencies. One of the key points is that in addition to recovering the lost revenue from any declines in volume, we also receive inflation on top of those revenues to make us whole. So economically, we're very well protected in the U.K. from the potential impacts of COVID, weather or any volume-related variances despite any current year impact to earnings. Turning to Slide 10. I'd now like to take a moment and describe a number of steps we've taken to improve our liquidity position in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic and the uncertainty in the capital markets. As Bill mentioned, we are very well situated with about $5 billion, of total available liquidity, as we sit here today. During March and April, we secured term loan facilities of $400 million to 12-and 24-month durations. We also issued $1 billion of senior notes, at PPL Capital Funding, providing incremental liquidity and pre-funding the LKE maturity, we have in November of this year. We believe these positions the company very well from a liquidity perspective, for the remainder of 2020. While we have $700 million of additional debt maturities, at the operating companies in November. We believe we'll have the ability to access the capital markets to refinance that debt. That concludes my prepared remarks. And I'll turn the call to Vince, for a brief operational update. Vince?
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Joe and good morning, everyone. I'd first like to echo Bill's commentary on, how proud we are of our collective team's response to the challenges of COVID-19. There's no doubt that COVID-19 has had a significant impact on the way, we're operating the business. But as a company we acted early and aggressively to foster social distancing and minimize the spread of the coronavirus. As a result, I'm pleased to report, that we have not had any significant operational issues related to COVID-19. There's no denying, how vital our service is to our customers particularly in times of adversity and uncertainty. We are committed to be a source of stability at this time. And to continue to power their lives, regardless of the challenges that are thrown our way. Turning to slide 12, I want to take a moment to highlight some of the actions that we've taken to maintain that stability and reliability of service. We've taken extensive measures across PPL to protect our employees in the public, in order to deliver gas and electricity safely and reliably for our customers, as they cope with the challenges of COVID-19. But simply safety is our top priority. We are following comprehensive emergency management and pandemic plans as well as the guidance of the CDC and state and local health departments. The work at home and social distancing measures, that Bill discussed earlier, are core to our strategy. In addition, we've taken a number of other measures including temperature, testing we're using masks and gloves and enhancing our industrial cleaning. With our critical employees which are primarily the control room operators, we've split the crews into multiple teams where possible, having them work in different locations and with the work-from-home numbers that we have, we're able to enforce social distancing much better at our PPL facility. From a customer perspective, we are very focused on maintaining safety and reliability during these challenging times. And that starts with not cutting service to customers, and deferring the charging of late fees, which we and most utilities in the U.S. have agreed to do. In the U.K., while WPD does not bill the end-customer, we continue to work with a wider energy industry to consider liquidity issues, all focused on helping the end-consumer. Despite these changes to how we operate, it has been critically important to ensure our top-tier reliability remains unchanged. We had our first round of spring storms in all three of our jurisdictions. And we were able to restore power in all cases without any issues and without mutual assistant. These restoration efforts highlight the importance of preserving a strong supply chain. And we've increased our inventories for storm-related supply. Despite the lockdowns in our jurisdictions, we've been successful in getting our critical suppliers on the list of companies that are permitted to operate. As a result, we're well positioned with sufficient spares and supplies to operate effectively, even in the COVID environment. We're also scenario planning in the event this will continue for an extended period of time, to ensure we have adequate supplies and to assess the employee working arrangements that we've put in place, both on PPL premises and off. As Joe indicated we've already dialled back our U.K. capital spends to essential only work. But we are continuing to execute the original capital spends in the U.S. and expect to continue to do so. Having said that, based on the nature of our capital projects, we have the flexibility in the U.S. as well to defer capital spending into future periods, if necessary. In addition, our planned rate case calendar is relatively light, with no outstanding base rate cases in the U.S. and our current U.K. price control continues through March of 2023. Turning to slide 13, I covered the key points of our capital plan on the prior slide, but it's important to point out that a lot of our work in the U.K. is done on our customers' premises. So it's critically important for the safety of our employees to take a more conservative approach to work. And we're extremely pleased that Ofgem has been a great supporter of these efforts. At this point we expect any delayed asset replacement work and/or deferred asset reinforcement work, to be completed in future periods. Of course we'll continue to assess these needs in the context of our overall capital plan. And as we look at the deliverables we committed to both our customers and to Ofgem. Looking forward we do not expect the current environment to materially impact our overall capital plan. And we continue to see future investment opportunity, across the PPL portfolio with about $14 billion of CapEx projected in the next five years, focused on advancing a cleaner energy future. As discussed on our year-end call, we expect incremental CapEx opportunities of up to $500 million beyond the identified projects in our current plan. And longer-term, we continue to see significant opportunities with the electrification initiatives in the U.K. as well as the transition of our coal generation fleet in Kentucky. And finally, moving to slide 14 while we are certainly managing the current crisis at hand and ensuring that our customers and employees are protected, during these difficult times I want to further emphasize that we remain focused on the long-term strategy of the company. For PPL in many utilities that includes the transition to cleaner energy and we continue to position our utilities to fight climate change in a manner that balances the needs of our customers and the environment. PPL remains committed to our updated CO2 emission reduction targets announced earlier this year increasing our reduction target to at least 80% from 2010 levels by 2050. We are also showing a glide path that has already resulted in a 56% reduction in CO2 through the end of last year and at least a 70% reduction by 2040. I want to remind investors that these targets are based on current economics and technologies as well as current legislation and regulation. We believe these targets are credible and we are confident in our ability to achieve them. Of course, if there are further advancements in technology or the cost of renewables continues to come down we could certainly see even greater CO2 reduction than what we are currently targeting.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Bill for some closing remarks. Bill?
Bill Spence: Thanks, Vince. I'd like to take a moment now to reiterate that PPL remains well positioned for the future. Our strong financial profile consisting of a significant liquidity position and low-risk capital plan will enable us to manage through an extended economic downturn. Our commitment to exceptional operational performance and customer satisfaction shines bright as we continue to deliver electricity and natural gas during this period of uncertainty. We remain steadfast in our goals to advance the cleaner energy future and delivering on commitments to share owner. In closing, I would note that this will be the last earnings call led by me as PPL's Chief Executive Officer. As we announced in February, I will be retiring as CEO on June 1, and will become non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Vince will become President and CEO of PPL at that time. It has truly been an honor to lead a tremendous team of employees we have here at PPL. They are among the very best our industry has to offer. They are talented, creative, caring and hardworking. And above all they are dedicated to making life better for our customers and our community. As we look to the future, I'm confident that the company will be in good hands led by Vince guided by an outstanding management team supported by more than 12,000 strong in the U.S. and U.K. and poised to deliver for our share owners moving forward. Lastly, we talked at length today about the challenge of COVID-19 and PPL's response. And I think it's worth noting that PPL has delivered power safely and reliably for the communities we serve for 100 years overcoming many difficult challenges in that time. Through World War II, the Great Depression, hurricanes, snowstorms and more generations of PPL employees have answered the call with grid determination and creativity. I have no doubt we will continue to do the same once again in the face of this new and unprecedented challenge. With that, operator let's open the call for questions please.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. Congrats both to Bill and Vince. One easy question for you, how does what is happening with demand impact your thoughts on rate case timing in the U.S. and also the kind of the trade-off of filing given a little bit lag and a little bit weaker demand versus the counterbalancing issue of – with interest rates this low the impact on authorized ROEs and just the regulatory politics of asking for rate increases just given what's going on in the world?
Bill Spence: Sure. Good question, Michael. And thanks for the comments early on there. Vince, do you want to handle that one, but I think you've set up the question well Michael in terms of some of those trade-offs. But Vince you can probably comment.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. And thanks Michael. I appreciate the congrats. So when we think about the U.S. right so Kentucky given the continued high level of investment that we're deploying not only in 2020, but also 2021 we would expect a need to file a rate case in Kentucky within the next year or so. To your point given just the current backdrop with COVID we are uncertain as to the timing of when we would file that next rate case. Our normal cadence that we've been on in Kentucky was basically every other year that would have suggested filing something at the end of this year with rates going into effect mid next year. But we are currently assessing that timing given COVID and just the backdrop there. For Pennsylvania, we don't have a rate case in the business plan through our guide period through at least 2021. I don't think COVID in and of itself would drive us to alter the timing of any rate case decisions in Pennsylvania. As Joe talked about in his remarks, when we looked at April's results, Pennsylvania was actually flat. So the residential load offset the C&I the negative impacts on C&I. So again, I think given the tariff structure in PA, I wouldn't say COVID is going to drive us to alter our current plan there in PA.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then in the U.K., can you kind of talk to us about -- are there any changes to the time line regarding kind of the RIIO-2 process both for the T&D transmission in the gas utilities because they're ahead of you in the process and then for obviously the DISCO.
Bill Spence: Sure. Really...
Vince Sorgi: Bill, you want me to take that one?
Bill Spence: I'll start and then if you want to supplement hence that would be fine. Really, we don't expect Michael any impact -- any material impact on the RIIO-ED2 schedule at this point. Our understanding and we've been in constant contact mostly because of COVID-19 operational issues, but in constant contact with Ofgem. And they -- in our last conversation with them indicated that as it relates to the gas and transmission proceedings they are continuing on and they still expect to issue a decision in the summer. As it relates to the electric distribution, as you know there is still a lot of work that's scheduled for 2021 and 2022. This year's were -- at least as it relates to the electric distribution segment is still going forward obviously virtually versus face to face, but we don't really expect this to have any material impact on the timing. Of course, if the COVID-19 pandemic were to go out in time for a much more extended time frame that could change. But right now, it looks like we're still on track. Vince, I don't know if you have anything else you want to add there.
Vince Sorgi: Maybe just a couple of points. So to your point, Ofgem has indicated that they will issue the draft determinations for gas distribution and transmission at the end of July. So they are working hard to keep that timing. Also, in that Q2, Q3 time frame of this year, Ofgem was scheduled to get the ED2 sector methodology consultation out with the final methodology decision in Q4 of this year. That would feed our initial business plan submission in Q2 of next year. We are continuing to work towards that business plan submission for the middle of next year assuming that Ofgem will be on schedule with both the sector methodology consultation and then the final decision. I could see those slipping a little bit, but I think they would probably just contract the time. The overall time leading up to Q2 next year for the business plan submission. So, again, we're preparing to make sure that we can make that submission.
Michael Lapides: And any upside to CapEx and rate base in the U.K. that's more a RIIO-2 not something that would happen on the next couple of years while you're still under RIIO-1?
Bill Spence: Yes that's correct Michael.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning everyone. Hope you all are doing well and Bill, Vince congratulations. It's been a pleasure. And Vince, I look forward to continuing to work with you here. Wish you the best in your new role.
Bill Spence: Thanks Julien.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. So perhaps, if I could pick it up a little bit where you guys left it off on the last question here. And this might admittedly be a back headed way to ask about the uplift coming in '22 and '23 out of the U.K. What are you reflecting in your updated expectations for the full year rather than just April in terms of low degradation? And again, I also want to just double check about this. Do you talk about two-thirds of that impact in April being allocated to the U.K.? Out of that full year number, how much of it is coming from the U.K. as well? Just to think about like what that uplift eventually is for '22, '23 if that's my goal here.
Bill Spence: Yes sure. So, fortunately we are going to recover all the volume impacts as we see it from 2020 COVID-19. Volumes will be recoverable plus inflation in '22 and '23 as you noted. So, even if we ultimately would have to alter the 2020 forecast due to lower sales in the U.K., economically we'd be no worse off for our investors. So very fortunate to have that mechanism and it is two-thirds of the impact so it is notable in terms of its impact. Joe do you want to comment specifically on our expectation regarding a full year impact what that could be based on the sensitivities we provided?
Joe Bergstein: Sure. So, we're not projecting the full year impact at this time. As we have the estimate for April and as I've mentioned in prepared remarks, we don't have all of the data yet just as the normal lag in getting that information from suppliers. So it will be a little bit longer here till we get the actual results. We are starting to -- or the U.K. government is starting to talk about reopening businesses and C&I customers in the U.K. So we could see that number -- that impact number change as we move through the year. Regardless we would expect the same level of recoverability for any -- or the same ability to recover any shortfall later in the year. So trying to assess the full year impact at this time is a little difficult given the uncertainty as when -- as to when the U.K. will begin reopening.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Or maybe let me ask this Joe if I can keep going. How do you think about cost mitigation efforts right? So everything is fluid I understand that the sales side of the things are fluid as well. To the extent to which that we continue to see some amount of degradation insert whatever that ultimately is here how do you think about your cost mitigation efforts in tandem at least as you see today through the course of this year?
Bill Spence: Yes. Go ahead Joe. You can follow-on with that one as well.
Joe Bergstein: Sure. So, we certainly have levers that we can pull Julien as we do in typical years to face the challenges that we may see from weather or other headwinds. And obviously we had a weather impact a negative impact for the first quarter yet we still were confident in our forecast through the first quarter results. So, I think if you think of it in terms of our ability to manage in a weather year I think that's kind of what we were about $0.05 short of our business plan for the first quarter. I think at least we have that level of opportunity as we move through the balance of the year. Ultimately, we'll have to assess the full impact. And again given the recoverability nature of the U.K. with their decoupling mechanism it's really just a timing difference as we see it. So from a cash flow or credit or dividend perspective over the next two years we really don't see an impact. So, we'll have to just continue to assess the situation and the impact as we move through the balance of the year and decide which levers and how we want to flex them. But of course I think we'll have the normal levers that we typically have. And then in addition to that just given the current situation we'll have things like travel, training, open positions across the company, and things like that that we'll take a look at as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. If I could just clarify the last response. And this has come up a little bit earlier but why not just fully elect -- I suppose this is part of the Ofgem construct itself but have some kind of accounting to fully elect for decoupling here given what seems sort of like an obvious transfer of value from one period to another. But ultimately that sounds basically canton on to decoupling. Is there any ability to actually reflect that in the ED2 process, or is it an accounting election or -- just to clarify there.
Joe Bergstein: It's really…
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Go ahead Joe.
Joe Bergstein: Sorry. It's really just driven by the regulatory nature of the U.K. So, it's a revenue model so we don't have -- we don't get the advantage of regulatory accounting in -- under U.S. GAAP. So, it's not an election that we chose and it's not something that would necessarily change in ED2.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, fair enough. I understand. Thank you all very much and best of luck. Stay safe.
Joe Bergstein: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hey, good morning. Hope you all are doing well.
Joe Bergstein: Good morning.
Stephen Byrd: Bill, congratulations on your retirement and Vince congrats on your new role. Look forward to working with you in your new role.
Bill Spence: Thanks very much.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you.
Stephen Byrd: I just wanted to -- a lot of topics have been covered but just hit on the U.K. pension. In the appendix you lay out the current funded status. And I guess you have a filing midyear with Ofgem. Would you mind just talking a little bit more about the approach to pension funding and just given where you stand or where you stood at March 31st sort of just at a high level what your thinking is around that pension funding?
Bill Spence: Sure. Joe do you want to take that one?
Joe Bergstein: Sure. So our thinking around pension funding hasn't really changed as -- with respect to the Triennial Review process and future funding requirements from customers in the U.K. We were -- we had already embarked on that process. We work with the pension trustee first. We're largely through that process with them and then we move to the U.K. pension regulator and we're in that phase now. We're getting ready to kick off that phase of review with the regulator. We'll wrap that up and get to Ofgem and get approval from Ofgem later this year and get that in the November tariff for 2021. And so again our thinking there has not really changed with respect to the amount of funding required in the future from customers. As we talked about previously we expect that to decline by about $0.05 per share when we get to that period just from the funded status and the lower collection that's required over the next several years.
Stephen Byrd: Got it. Okay, good. That sounds like really nothing is changed there. Great. And then flipping just -- thinking about Kentucky. This is a broader question but just given solar economics continue to improve. And I was just curious sort of what you're seeing in terms of are we close to sort of tipping points where solar would become more attractive relative to your coal plants? And just whether or not we're at an inflection point or could be seen one, or if broadly your thinking is unchanged there as well in terms of just your generation mix and the change over time?
Bill Spence: Yeah. I think I'll start, and then Vince you can pick up and add any color you want. Overall, the solar costs, as you know, the curves are coming down. We are not quite at the inflection point at this point. It is getting closer. You see in the state a couple of things dynamically happening already. One is on the commercial/industrial front, we've gotten a lot more requests for solar options. Fortunately, we've been able to provide those to both small large customers as well and they are receiving those very well. The economics, at least in their view, have gotten close enough that they believe based on their own corporate environmental objectives and the economics that it makes sense for them to begin placing solar on their facilities at this time. Relative to the coal fleet, as I mentioned, we're still not at the inflection point. However, we do see that on the -- what I would say, the medium-term horizon might be in the next say couple of years to five years. We're beginning to think about how do we approach that from a -- not only from an economics standpoint, but also from an operational and generation mix standpoint going forward. So Vince, did you want to add anything to that?
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Bill, I think I agree with those comments. In the short-term, we're not quite at the inflection point but we do have 100-megawatt RFP in with the commission currently right now requesting approval. As part of that we provided, a number of future scenarios around cost curves for both gas and coal as well as renewables. And over the long-term, the bulk of those scenarios would suggest that that solar contract is beneficial from a cost perspective but it does take a number of years to get there. So, depending on the time horizon, Stephen that you're looking at, it would really dictate whether you view renewables, particularly solar as economic in the state and that's exactly what we're going through with the commission right now.
Stephen Byrd: That’s helpful. I’ll look at that final raise one. Thank you very much.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra, Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team, and Bill and Vince, I also want to extend my congratulations to you both. Good luck, Bill, and Vince look forward to working with you.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you very much.
Durgesh Chopra: Just -- yeah, sure absolutely. Joe, don't hate me, but I want to go back to the decoupling in the U.K. just so I understand this perfectly. So confirm or deny you are going to see a 2020 EPS hit, if sort of the demand destruction from COVID continues right? That's right, right? I mean you'll see and hit in EPS and then you recover it in 2021? I'm talking about calendar year 2020 versus calendar year 2021.
Joe Bergstein: That's correct. And it would actually be recovered in two years sense. So it's really in the 2022 and 2023 time frame because there's a two year lag.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Perfect. And then, the -- so the so you've reaffirmed the guidance, so I'm assuming what is sort of built into that is any EPS hit from COVID in the U.K. will be offset by cost savings and other mitigation efforts.
Bill Spence: At this point, we -- it's early in the process. So it's really hard to predict exactly what levers we're going to pull to stay within the current range that we have. So the impact in the U.K. is the reason we didn't necessarily adjust the guidance. So the timing of the reopening is expected to be slower in the U.K. than what we're seeing here in the U.S. and we've got a better line of sight domestically to see how that opening looks like it's going to pan out where we don't have that in the U.K. So as a result of that, we didn't change our current range for earnings. So I guess it remains to be seen, which levers exactly we want to pull and particularly looking at the U.K. being two-thirds of the impact that will be the key thing to watch for us and for investors as the months go by here.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thank, you guys.
Bill Spence: Okay. Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Bill Spence: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning. Hey, congrats, Bill and Vince. Best of luck to both of you.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you.
Bill Spence: Thanks so much.
Steve Fleishman: So just -- yes, you bet. And the different -- the monthly difference the $0.02 to $0.03 per load that you saw in April versus the $0.03 to $0.04 overall from COVID what is the other $0.01 or $0.01 to $0.02 just so I know?
Bill Spence: Sure. So Joe, do you want to cover that?
Joe Bergstein: Sure. It's for other items that may be related to COVID, Steve. So we had additional interest expense relative to the original plan from the capital funding issuance that we did earlier that we did in April to shore up liquidity. If there's an extended severe lockdown situation we could see an increase in bad debt. So it's just to cover some other areas that may be outside of what you see just in load.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just to clarify in terms of the guidance for 2020, you're basically not -- you just don't know yet what the impact is and you need to follow it. You're not saying based on your view of the impact the range is good. You just don't know. So you're not saying either way. Is that fair?
Bill Spence: So yes, pretty much. I'd say we certainly still believe that our 2020 forecast can be achieved, which is why we didn't change it today. Reaffirming, I guess, in my mind implies a high degree of certainty and forecasting outcomes, which I think is challenging at this time being early on particularly with the more stringent restrictions that we're seeing in the U.K. and that lack of the line of sight that I mentioned not having that in the U.K. where -- versus where we are domestically where we at least know what the governors are thinking in Kentucky and Pennsylvania and we can kind of do a better job I think of predicting where things might land as we come out of COVID-19 lockdown in both those states whereas we don't have that just yet in the U.K. So I think we'll know obviously a lot more by the time we get to Q2. Fortunately, as we mentioned any hit in the U.K., which is expected to be our biggest hit, if we have one at least relative to 2020 earnings will be recoverable plus inflation in 2022 and 2023. So even if we ultimately have to alter our 2020 forecast due to lower sales in the U.K. economically, we're not going to be any worse off.
Steve Fleishman: Right. And, I guess to summarize everything then given that aspect your comments about the dividend stability no matter what reflects any outcome of the pandemic?
Bill Spence: That's correct. Yes. At this time, I don't expect any change in our dividend strategy or policy as a result of COVID-19.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then the -- just then thinking about kind of credit and just I don't know if you talked to the agencies at all but given that economically U.K. protects you so well if your metrics are a little weaker this year, but then you get a boost that you know is going to happen two years from now. Are you -- do they kind of understand that in terms of...
Bill Spence: I believe they do and we've had some recent conversations with the rating agencies. And all those have gone well. Joe, I don't know if you want to add anything on the revenue side?
Joe Bergstein: Sure. Sure. So we've been in regular dialogue with the rating agencies as they've been assessing the impact of COVID on the utility sector. And, of course, we were in touch with them ahead of our -- the PPL Cap Funding debt offering in April. They did not express any specific concerns as it relates to PPL. And of course we remain on stable outlook across the family of companies at both the agencies. And then I think Steve, you're exactly right from a credit metric perspective, first of all, we'd be able to expect -- we'd expect to be able to manage the near-term pressures from on our credit metrics as a result of COVID. But given the forward view of metrics and cash flows that the agencies have and their assessment of credit over a multiyear period and much of the expected impact that's going to come from the U.K. will be recovered over the period of time that they look at while assessing ratings and credit metrics. So we feel comfortable with that aspect as well.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Joe Bergstein: You’re welcome.
Bill Spence: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Spence for any closing remarks.
Bill Spence: Thank you operator and thanks to everyone for joining us today and all the best as you individually and collectively deal with the COVID-19. I wish you and your family's safety and health. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations, Please go ahead sir.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you, Rocco. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call of fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation. And our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website. Our presentation and earnings release, which we'll discuss during today's call contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events, actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings a non-GAAP measure on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the appendix of this presentation and our earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to Bill Spence PPL Chairman and CEO.
Bill Spence: Thank you, Andy, and good morning everyone. We are pleased that you joined us for our 2019 year-end earnings call. With me today are Vince Sorgi, PPL, President and Chief Operating Officer and Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer. Moving to Slide 3, our agenda this morning begins with an overview of 2019 results and PPL's business outlook for 2020. Vince will then review some of PPL's recent operational highlights and outlook for 2020 as well as discuss PPL's clean energy transition strategy including our decision to set a more aggressive goal to reduce PPL's carbon emission. Following Vince's remarks, Joe will provide a more detailed financial review of 2019 and 2020 along with our updated earnings forecast for 2021. I'll conclude by taking a few moments to highlight what has truly been a decade of transformation and growth for PPL. And PPL is marking its 100th anniversary thanks to our employees hard work and dedication and the unparalleled support of our communities. As always, we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. Turning to Slide 4, in 2019 PPL continued to deliver on its commitments to the share owners, customers, and the communities we serve. We remain steadfast in our strategy to deliver best in sector operational performance, invest in a sustainable energy future, provide superior customer service, maintain a strong financial foundation and engage and develop our people. Our results in 2019 reflect this strategy. We exceeded the midpoint of our earnings guidance for the 10th straight year delivering on growing earnings of $2.45 per share. We remained committed to dividend growth, increasing our dividend for the 17th time in 18 years and returning more than 1 billion in dividends to share owners. As we delivered on these financial commitments, we continue to extend our track record of operational excellence. We maintain strong transmission and distribution reliability across all of our utilities. In addition, we achieve top decile generation reliability in Kentucky. At the same time, we remain as focused as ever on providing superior customer service. In fact, our utilities remain among the very best for customer satisfaction in the regions we serve. Our U.S. utilities earned four JD Power awards for customer satisfaction raising their combined total to 51 since JD Power began assessing utility customer satisfaction in 1999. Meanwhile, our U.K. utilities all achieved a 9 out of 10 rating in Ofgem's broad measure of customer satisfaction review. In addition, Western Power distribution earned the U.K's. customer service excellence award for the 27th consecutive year. The company was also ranked by the industry regulator as best in stakeholder engagement and support for vulnerable customers for the 8th straight year. These achievements and more reflect our shared values and common purpose across PPL to deliver without fail for our customers to exceed their expectations and to continuously improve. Aware of the tremendous opportunity we have to make a positive impact on society not only today but for years to come, PPL also invested more than $3 billion in infrastructure improvements. Our continued investments are aimed at strengthening grid resiliency in the face of worsening storms, incorporating automation, replacing and rebuilding power lines and substations and reshaping electricity networks to support the growth of renewables and other distributed energy resources. In regulatory matters, we remained focused in 2019 on achieving balanced regulatory outcomes that will benefit our customers and our share owners. In Kentucky, we received public service commission approval of a combined $187 million revenue increase, which supports additional improvements to the grid, our natural gas lines and our generation fleet. New rates took effect May 1st. And in the U.K., we continued to actively engage with Ofgem to advance a balanced regulatory framework that will provide real value to customers, support the U.K's. electrification and decarbonization initiatives and provide fair and reasonable returns to investors when the next price control review period begins in 2023. Our engagement over the past year included meeting with Ofgem leadership and submitting responses to Ofgem's open letter consultation on behalf of both PPL and WPD including our sheriffs. I'll note that the RIIO-ED2 framework released by Ofgem in December was largely in line with our expectations. In summary, we are proud of our many achievements over the past year on behalf of PPL shareowners and customers. Our performance is reflected in the numerous awards received throughout the year. Looking ahead, we're committed to building on this momentum and adding to our long-term track record of financial and operational excellence. Now turning to Slide 5 and our 2020 outlook. Today, we initiated formal 2020 earnings guidance of $2.40 per share to $2.60 per share. This reflects our updated foreign currency hedge position, which we increased following the U.K. election that finally led to Brexit last month. Given the election result, we expect the U.K. business climate to remain strong as it has historically been. Turning to our dividend, today, we announced we were raising the annualized dividend, to $1.66 per share. The increase announced today represents our 18th dividend increase in the last 19 years and we remain committed to dividend growth. In terms of network investment in 2020, we plan to invest an additional 3.3 billion in all of our utilities. These investments will continue to support our efforts to improve customer experience and grid excellent resiliency and advance a cleaner energy future. Finally, as I touched upon earlier, we will remain engaged on the regulatory front to achieve balance outcomes that benefit customers and shareowners. Last week, the new CEO of Ofgem, Jonathan Brearley, announced his de-carbonization program action plan. Ofgem's plan over the next 18 months to make low cost decarbonization a reality shows that the DNOs will play a critical role in the significant investment required to deliver clean energy and the U.K's. net zero carbon emissions target by the year 2050. This supports what we've been saying that we see real long-term growth opportunities with our WPD business as the DNOs lead many of the decarbonization initiatives that will enable a net zero carbon economy. I will now turn the call over to Vince for our operational updates. Vince?
Vince Sorgi: Thanks Bill. As we turn to a new year and a new decade, I just want to express how proud I am on the operational excellence that our seven utilities continue to deliver for our customers. Our sector continues to rapidly evolve and our teams are meeting the challenges and finding opportunities to leverage technological advancements and decarbonization initiatives that are driving real value for our customers. We believe that PPL is well positioned to further enhance its networks and continue to build these utilities of the future as we look ahead. I'd like to highlight some of the operational developments from this past year and briefly discuss our strategic priorities for each segment for 2020 and beyond. I'll also provide an update on our five year capital expenditure plan. Turning to Slide 7, starting with the U.K. during 2019 WPD continue to demonstrate this leadership in support of the UKC carbonization goals. WPD was the first U.K. network operator to publish an electric vehicle strategy building on knowledge gained through the company's electric nation easy smart charging initiative. The company has begun to proactively ready its network for increasing numbers of electric vehicles, anticipating the potential for up to 3 million EVs in our service territory by 2030. WPD also continues to deliver an industry leading innovation program, including finding ways to connect more distributed generation to local networks. Through 2019 WPD connected nearly 10 gigawatts of distributed generation to its network, about six gigawatts of which was renewable energy. In addition, WPD is leading the way in developing markets for flexibility services and demand response solutions to help maintain grid resiliency and control costs to U.K. customers. These flexibility solutions should enable the deferral of some network spend, which Ofgem is keen to see the DNOs deliver. As we look to the upcoming year, it's important to review how we are performing against our real easy one business plan and I'm proud to say that WPD continues to perform extremely well in RIIO-ED1. In the most recent Ofgem annual report for electric distribution, WPD ranked first in customer satisfaction and customer minutes lost and ranked second in time to connect customers. Our returns are middle of the pack with an RORE expectation of 8.4% on a real basis over the 18 period. I'll note that this equates to a nominal RORE of about 11% when including RPI inflation. As we've indicated in the past as the only fast-track company in RIIO-ED1, we think the fact that we are the top performing DNO group in the sector and only earning average returns will serve us well going into RIIO-ED2. Our strategic priorities moving forward are to continue this high level of performance and continue our engagement with Ofgem to help develop the sector specific methodology. Our objective is to ensure RIIO-ED2 provide the appropriate incentives for DNOs to deliver on the initiatives required to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Turning to Slide 8, in Pennsylvania, PPL electric utilities continue to demonstrate its leadership in the deployment of smart grid solution. We currently have 4,500 smart switches installed on our grid, since 2015 this technology has helped us eliminate over 900,000 outages for our customers. As we've discussed during the year, PPL electric has received numerous awards this year for his operational excellence and commitment to innovation, including the deployment of a new distributed energy resource management system or DERMS and the development of groundbreaking technology that safely and automatically cuts power to down power lines protecting the public first responders and our employees. In addition to PPL electric utilities was awarded the most improved utility as a decade by PA consulting. The company is also substantially complete with the multi-year nearly $500 million project to install 1.4 million advanced meters for our customers. Looking ahead for 2020, we remain focused on executing on our substantial electric transmission and distribution investment plan. The majority of the spend this year remains in our transmission business, which has been the fastest growing business in our portfolio for a number of years now. Due to the ongoing needs to upgrade and modernize our transmission system. This includes upgrading transmission lines and substations, replacing wood poles with steel poles and building new substation. We've also invested considerably in our distribution network. Also adding smart grid devices to the network, hardening the system, targeting our tree trimming effort and investing in new systems to automate how the network is controlled. This investment has also resulted in significant reductions in the number and duration of outages for our customers. Going forward, we'll continue to deploy digital and cloud-based technology solutions to further automate the system to improve service even further for our customers. From a rates perspective, our retail rates continue to remain competitive in the mid Atlantic region. Thanks to our ongoing emphasis on integrating technology and efficiently managing costs, especially since we haven't had a base rate case since 2016. Over the past decade, we've held our operating costs to less than a 1% decrease on average each year. We'll look to continue our efforts in this area as we don't expect another rate case to be effective within the earnings guidance period. Moving to Kentucky on Slide 9, Louisville gas and electric and Kentucky utilities continue to make progress on a multi-year $800 million project the cap includes Ash bonds at our coal fired power plants. Overall, we are about 80% complete with the enclosure program. We also retired 272 megawatts of coal fired generation at our EDW round facility raising the amount of retired coal generation to nearly 1200 megawatts since 2010. In addition, we secured public service commission approval of green energy tariff for businesses and continue to enhance our solar offerings for all of our customers. We completed construction of the first phase of our subscription based solar share program and we have fully subscribed the second phase with construction expected to be completed in Q2 of this year. Following up on a renewable energy RFP conducted in 2019, in January, we requested approval of contracts to supply an additional a hundred megawatts of as available solar power to Kentucky customers. As we move into 2020, we see a balanced mix of investment across our Kentucky utilities. Over the past decade, we've had a significant portion of our capital devoted to improving the environmental profile or generating units, which has supported reductions of SO2 and NOx emissions by approximately 90% about 80% respectively. We'll be completing the majority of these environmental projects to comply with current regulations within the next couple of years. As the environmental capital requirements have begun to decline, we've been able to deploy capital to improving our electric and gas TV networks with a focus on system reliability and automation that are already delivering real value for our customers as evidenced by 120,000 interruptions that have been presented to-date from our smart grid solutions. All of these investments have supported rate-based growth of over 7% per year on average over the past 20 years in Kentucky. As we look forward, we are focused on a number of initiatives including customer focus programs such as our green energy tariff, as well as planning for the future investment cycle as it relates to generation resource planning. We'll also be working on updating our integrated resource plan with a new IRP to be filed with the commission in late 2021. We expect the new IRP will provide a better sense of timing for the next wave of capital deployment in Kentucky related to the replacement of our coal fired generating fleet. I'll touch on this further in a few minutes. Turning to Slide 10, as the world focuses on climate change, PPL remains committed to advancing a cleaner energy future while maintaining safety, reliability, and affordability for those who serve. Today we are updating our goals to reduce PPL CO2 emission. Specifically, we raised our goal of reducing PPLs carbon emissions to at least 80% from 2010 levels by 2050 from our previous target of 70%. Company also accelerated its previous 2050 target by a decade and we are now targeting reducing carbon emissions by at least 70% by 2040. PPL has already reduced its carbon emissions by over 50% since 2010 exiting the competitive generation business in 2015 including nearly 4,000 megawatts of coal fired generation and retiring 1200 megawatts of coal in Kentucky. We expect to achieve these further reductions through a variety of actions including replacement of Kentucky coal-fired generation over time with a mix of renewables and natural gas while meeting our obligations to provide least cost and reliable service to our Kentucky customers. Our updated targets are based on our ongoing resource planning activities and updated market data and trends in Kentucky. Assuming we receive KPSC approval for the previously mentioned renewable PPA and if technology continues to improve and drive down the cost of renewable, it is certainly possible that we can achieve even greater carbon reductions in these targets, while at the same time ensuring the best value and reliability for our customers. We are confident, however, that these targets are achievable under current legislation and regulation as well as current technology and current economics. Turning to Slide 11, we also wanted to provide an overview of the near-term and longer term opportunities to economically shift our business mix away from coal-fired generation. As you can see from the chart on the left side of the slide, PPLs rate-based already consists of more than 80% transmission distribution in non-coal fire generation. Given that our significant plan investments over the next five years are heavily weighted towards additional team, the infrastructure, the percentage of rate-based from coal-fired assets is expected to decrease even further in the near-term. In fact only about 5% of our $17 billion of our $14 billion capital plan is for investments related to coal-fired generating assets. Our current files, IRP supports the transition to cleaner energy driven by technology and economics consistent with current policy and regulations. As you can see based on the chart on the right of the slide based on certain scenarios from our latest IRP filed back in 2018, we could see some additional coal retirements in the back half of the 2020s with significantly more coal retirements in the 2030. These scenarios continue to evolve and we are starting to see more momentum for renewables in the state as evidenced by the results of the recent renewable RFP where we are proposing to economically add a lower cost as available renewable generation resource while reducing the amount of output from some of our higher cost fossil units. We are not at a point where renewables can compete on a replacement capacity basis as renewable plus storage options are not even competitive with our PT and gas plan. With that said, it is clear that these factors are rapidly changing as we move through time, which requires us to continuously assess the most proven strategy that's in the best interest of our customers something we've always demonstrated. Moving to Slide 12, we've updated our capital expenditure plan and continue to see significant investment opportunities in our networks over the next five years totaling about $14 billion. We've increased our 2020 and 2021 projections by approximately $200 million each year from our prior estimates, primarily due to additional fluid limitation guidelines spend in Kentucky and it makes it timing related investments in the U.K. Our U.K. capital plan projects that we will be within 1% of our Ofgem approved business plan for ED1, this will strengthen our credibility with Ofgem when we file our RIIO-ED2 business plan. Note that changing the assumed tax rate from $1.40 per pound to $1.30 per pound on our U.K. spend reduced the five-year CapEx projections by about 300 million. We have not included the $300 million Kentucky AMI project in our forecast at this time, but that remains a potential upside opportunity for us as well as the other areas of opportunity noted on the slide, including de-carbonization related spending in the U.K. We believe these additional opportunities could be as much as another $500 million above what's in the five year capital plan. Long-term, we expect more than an incremental billion dollars of investment to be required over the five year RIIO-ED2 period to achieve electrification initiatives based on our initial estimates. As I previously noted, we also believe the transition of our coal-fired generation fleet will be the next significant investment opportunity in Kentucky. While this opportunity is outside of our five year capital plan under current scenarios, it's important to remember that this plan reflects assumptions based on today's use of future prices and market conditions which could rapidly change. What will not change is our commitment to our customers to continue to optimize our fleet and exceed our expectations as we lead the evolution of our Kentucky operation, including the transition to less carbon intensive generation resources. So, as we look at the diverse portfolio of businesses that we have, it's important to point out that each business is in a different stage of its investment cycle. While U.K. wrap growth has been a strong 4% to 6% in ED1, we see that growth accelerating into ED2 beginning in 2023 as we fund the UK electrification initiatives. In Kentucky, we see the initial stages of the Kentucky coal generation replacement strategy likely starting in the mid 2020 which will begin another period of significant capital investment. And in Pennsylvania, we are expecting growth to likely slow in the next couple of years following extensive period of transmission spending over the last five years at almost $700 million per year. It's the diversity of our portfolio of businesses combined with our culture of operational excellence and continuous improvement that will continue to deliver long term value for our share owners. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe now to cover the financial review. Joe?
Joe Bergstein: Thanks, Vince, and good morning everyone. I'll begin with a brief financial overview on Slide 14. While PPL delivered an outstanding quarter of financial performance earning $0.57 of ongoing earnings per share, I'll focus my review this morning on our full year results. We have included a walk in the appendix of today's presentation and our news release for additional details on fourth quarter results. Looking at the full year, we achieved 2019 reported earnings of $2.37 per share compared with $2.58 per share a year ago. Adjusting for special items, primarily reflecting mark-to-market changes related to unrealized foreign currency, economic hedges, 2019 earnings from ongoing operations of $2.45 per share exceeding the midpoint point of our forecast by $0.05 per share. This compares to $2.40 per share that we earned last year, which included significant weather benefits of about $0.08 per share. Looking forward to 2020, we announced the formal guidance range of $2.40 cents to $2.60 per share which reflects updates for current market conditions and our foreign currency hedge position. We also were updating our 2021 estimates primarily reflecting changes to foreign currency forecast which are lower than our prior forecast. Let's turn to Slide 15 for an update on our earnings results for the full year. Walking from our 2018 results on the left, we first make weather adjustments for compatibility purposes of the underlying businesses. As I mentioned, weather was $0.08 favorable compared to normalized weather results in 2018. For 2019, we experienced slightly favorable weather. The net result for the $0.07 per share decline year-over-year across all of our utilities. We also adjust for the effect of dilution. We settled the remaining 43 million shares on our forward equity transaction in November of 2019, which is the primary driver of the $0.10 per share of dilution year-over-year. Segment allocation of pollution is included on the slide for your reference. Turning to the individual segment drivers which exclude the impact of these items starting with the U.K. Our U.K. regulated segment or the $1.40 per share, a $0.12 year-over-year increase. The increase in the U.K. earnings was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins, primarily driven by higher prices due to the April 1, 2018 and 2019 price increases partially offset by lower sales volumes and higher pension income. In Pennsylvania, we are in $0.62 per share which was $0.05 higher than our results in 2018. Our Pennsylvania results were primarily driven by higher adjusted gross margins, primarily resulting from returns on additional capital investments in transmission, partially offset by year-over-year differences and reduced income tax rates due to U.S. tax reform. The higher adjusted gross margins were partially offset by higher depreciation expense. Turning to our Kentucky regulated segment, we're $0.59 per share in 2019, a $0.05 increase over our results one year ago. The increase was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins, primarily resulting from higher retail rates effective may one 2019 and lower income taxes primarily due to the Kentucky recycling credit recorded in the second quarter. Partially offsetting these items were higher depreciation expense and higher interest expense due to higher interest rates and increased borrowing results in corporate and other were consistent compared to the prior year. The results were primarily driven by higher other income offset by higher operations and maintenance expense. Turning to Slide 16, our financial outlook for 2020, he feels growth is underpinned by continuing operational excellence and organic investment at our regulated utilities. Walking from our strong 2019 results on the left to the slide, I'll note that whether this past year was not significant compared to our forecast of normal conditions and resulted in only at $0.01 per share adjustment for compatibility purposes. We also projected dilution of about 11 cents due to the November, 2019 settlement of our May, 2018 equity forward offering which increases our 2020 average shares outstanding compared to 2019 the allocations by segment are provided on a slide for your reference. Excluding these two factors, we project growth that each of these business segments U.K. segment is expected to experience growth primarily driven by higher base demand revenues due to the annual April 1 increases and expected higher foreign currency exchange rates reflecting our solid hedge position for 2020 these positive drivers in the U.K. are expected to be partially offset by lower revenues from true of mechanisms related to cost of debt recovery, property taxes and sales volumes totaling about 10 cents lower pension income primarily due to this significant decline in discount rates in the U.K. and a combination of other miscellaneous drivers such as higher depreciation financing costs and taxes. In Pennsylvania, we project an increase driven primarily by higher returns on transmission investments. And turning to Kentucky, we projected an increase from 2019 driven by higher retail rates, partially offset by higher depreciation expense. In corporate and other, we projected improved earnings driven by a number of items including lower interest expense due to lower short-term debt. Post the settlement of our equity forward. These drivers results in the midpoint of our guidance range of $2.50 per share. Turning to slide 17, we've also updated our 2021 projections to account for current foreign currency forecast. Our prior earnings forecast is $2.50 to $2.80 per share reflected a foreign currency range of 1.35 per pound to 1.60 per pound, which was consistent with bank FX forecasts at the time we initiated the earnings range are updating earnings are updated. Earnings forecast of $2.40 to $2.60 per share includes an updated foreign currency range of $1.25 to a $1.40 per pound, which is below the current forwards and market forecasts. We're using these lower rates for the FX range given the expected near term volatility as U.K. works through the Brexit transition period during 2020 and we will be heading 2021 during this time period. The other drivers for 2021, highlighted in our previously announced forecast remain largely unchanged with rate based, still expected to grow at 5% to 6% and our expectation to continue to earn near or long returns. Our 2020 and 2021 forecast continue to assume an immaterial amount of equity issuances as previously indicated. Let me provide an update on our foreign currency hedging status, which is on Slide 18. For 2020, we were actively hedging during the fourth quarter and increased our hedge percentage by another 20% bringing our hedge position to 90% of 2020 forecast at ongoing earnings. The average rate for 2020 reflecting these new hedges is $1.48 per pound. We were able to slightly improve on the average 2020 hedge rates by optimizing our hedge portfolio given the brief uplift and currency rates following the positive U.K. election outcome and the strength in our 2019 results. We continue to utilize options in our hedging strategy that preserve upside of the current market rates was about one-third of the 2020 hedge portfolio being option based. For 2021, our hedge position is at 5% of forecasted earning at an average rate of $1.33 per pound. Again, we expect to continue layering in 2020 hedges, 2021 hedges going forward. Turning to Slide 19, as we continue our efforts to invest in our networks and earn our authorized returns, we remain committed to paying dividends to shareowners as we've done over the past century. The January 1st dividend represents the 296 consecutive quarterly dividend paid to shareholders. As Bill mentioned, we remain committed to dividend growth and today announced we are raising the annualized dividend to $1.66 per share and we will continue to assess the rate at which we grow the dividend going forward in the context of our yield and pay out relative to our peers. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll turn the call back to Bill for some closing comments. Bill?
Bill Spence: Thank you, Joe. Before we open up the call for Q&A, I'd like to take a moment to reflect on what has truly been a remarkable decade for PPL. Over the past 10 years, we've doubled our market cap. We've unfailingly exceeded the midpoint of our earnings forecast, we've grown our dividend 18%. we've won 21 JD Power awards for customer satisfaction in the U.S., we've consistently ranked highest for customer satisfaction among the network operators in the U.K, we've invested $27 billion to make our network smarter, to improve reliability and to advance a cleaner energy future, we've cut average customer interruptions by over a third in the U.K. and by more than 20% in the U.S. since 2010. All the while we've kept electricity costs reasonable for our customers and remain deeply engaged with the communities we serve. And last but not least, we have dramatically transformed PPL. A decade ago we were primarily a Pennsylvania hybrid utility facing stiff headwinds in competitive markets. Today, we are one of the nation's largest investor owned utility company with 100% of its earnings driven by stable, high-performing regulated businesses. In short, we are stronger today than we were a decade ago. We're better positioned to invest in the future and as we celebrate our Centennial, we are poised to power progress for another hundred years. When our Directors first met a century ago, they did so at a pivotal time. The country was beginning to move from a patchwork quilt of isolated lighting companies to a coordinated network of regional utilities, power plants and transmission lines. Or in that moment, PPL would help drive that change, extending electricity service throughout the regions we serve, expanding to meet the needs and demands a rapid industrial growth and just helping to improve quality of life for generations of customers. Today, we again find ourselves at a pivotal moment for our industry, which is investing in new technologies to reshape not only how we deliver power, but how we produce it as well. In this moment, we remain as committed as ever to powering progress, to fostering innovation, to creating long-term shareowner value, and to making a positive impact on society. In closing, I'm proud of our past achievements. I'm equally excited about our future and I'm convinced that PPLs best days are ahead. With that operator. Let's open the call for questions please.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Ali Agha of STRH. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: First question I just wanted to reconcile your 2020 guidance of 2.40 to 2.60 with -- the numbers you'd been showing us for quite a while up until recently, a 2020 projected range of 2.54 to 2.58. I guess when I think about the mid points, I know there was a narrower range, but the midpoint was certainly higher than what you're showing us today. Could you just reconcile what changed from the numbers you had been sharing with us?
Bill Spence: Sure. I'll make a couple of opening comments and I'll pass it on to Joe. As one of the things you just pointed out was the very tight range that we had established for 2020. Having said that, we still are kind of within that range but towards the lower end. Operationally, when you look at the assumptions behind the 2020, we're largely consistent with the prior forecast, the primary change was really a significant decline in corporate bond rates in the U.K. resulting in some lower discount rates, which had a negative impact on our U.K. pension obligations. Those factors really resulted in about a $0.06 impact compared to our prior plan. But as I mentioned, despite this, we're still in the prior range for 2020. Joe, did you want to say anything more?
Joe Bergstein: Yes. We saw a sharp decline in corporate bond rates in the U.K. that lowered the discount rates resulting in the increased U.K. pension obligations under U.S. GAAP. The discount rates declined by more than a 100 basis points. It went from about 3% to less than 2% and that's really what's causing the difference from our prior forecast. Again, to Bill’s point operationally, everything else remains unchanged.
Ali Agha: I got it. Then, second question, Vince, I just wanted to be clear when you talked about, the CapEx opportunities that you're seeing across the different utility segments did I hear it right that over this five year period, '19 through '24 or '20 through '24, I should say, that you're seeing potentially another 800 million of additional CapEx or was the number even larger than that? I just wanted to be very clear. What's the opportunity size that you see that's not yet embedded in your official CapEx numbers?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Sure. Ali, in my remarks, I indicated that was about a 0.5 billion. So 500 million.
Ali Agha: 500 million, and I think separately, you also talked about 300 million of AMI. That's not yet in that, is that correct?
Vince Sorgi: Yes. That's part of the 500.
Ali Agha: Well that's part of the 500. I got you. Okay.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. The other thing I would note is that, just changing that FX assumption from $1.40, our previous assumption down to $1.30 as indicated on our Slide 12, cut about 300 million from the forecast. So depending on when we get out, particularly to 2022 and beyond to the extent the FX rate goes back up that'll come back into the forecast. And we do think that there's a skew to the upside when it comes to the FX rate given where we see Brexit today and U.K. political front. So, we're expecting some of that may come back in. But that was 300 million alone.
Ali Agha: Right. And last question Bill, I know in the past you've talked about from your vantage point, you still think that the U.K. business is disproportionally too big as a contributor to earnings for PPL. Just wondering how you look at that today and is there any new tools available to you or what's your thinking on how to correct that today, if you still think that it's disproportionately too large of a business mix for you?
Bill Spence: Sure. Well, first I'd say we are comfortable with the current business mix and believe it will deliver long-term value for our shareowners and that there are many opportunities as Vince described in his remarks. As I have said in the past, the unprecedented U.K. volatility that we've been experiencing over the past few years, I would have preferred to be less weighted towards the U.K. But quite frankly, we probably share a similar view for any jurisdiction where we've got a significant weighting such as in the U.K. I do think for those things that were within our control we've got a great track record of operational excellence and financial investments that that I think are going to pay dividends for the future. And I think the opportunities we outlined today will continue to enable us to be successful for very long time.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: I just wanted to just touch sort of the guidance in your outlook just a little bit deeper. And obviously if you just kind of look at your out of year plan, the CapEx steps down and remains flat, Kentucky rate-based kind of declines. There's a modest step up in Pennsylvania. Can you maybe just give a little bit more details in the puts and takes and what could move you higher? And I'm kind of curious on when you can present the timing of an update, understanding that you guys are very, very conservative when it comes to the outer years i.e., the capital opportunities associated with EV deployment in the U.K. Why not have included some of the stuff in your capital alloc today? Like why, why take such a conservative stance?
Bill Spence: Yes. So I'll make a comment or two and then turn it to Vince. If you look at the overall CapEx plan, [indiscernible] and the rate base growth that's associated with that, looking at in my view, a minimum 4% rate-based growth with earnings that will follow that with the caveat that of course, exchange rates and pension deficits funding can push that higher or lower. But I think in my view, because of the upsides that Vince talked about, I look at the plan as a minimum 4% probably more in the 4% to 6% over the longer term as we fill in some of the gaps with more certain projects and really scrub things a little bit better in the outer years. As you indicated, we have historically been pretty conservative with our forecast. And we continue to be the really driven by what we know about current projects, but also what we see is the current kind of FX rate which has been pretty volatile over time. And again, I mentioned earlier that I believe we have a skew to the upside with the FX rate as the Brexit process becomes a lot more clear. Vince, do you want to add anything to the potential upside?
Vince Sorgi: And Shar, to your question about kind U.K. EV spend and how we're thinking about that when we would update, so the 200 million a year that we've included, so basically an incremental billion that we're expecting over really to -- that's based on our initial estimates going into electrification initiatives that would be required to funded by the DNOs. When you look at the process going forward for RIIO 2, right, the sector methodology consultation will be coming out Q2, Q3 of this year. This is on Slide 28, by the way, in the deck, the methodology decision wouldn't be coming out until Q4 and then the companies will be submitting our submissions in Q2 of 2021. So to be honest with you, we're going through the process right now on planning for those submissions the business plan of submissions while were consulting with Ofgem on the methodology. And so I think we just need to get through that process a little more, Shar, before we would I think update the view of EV or electrification spending going into ED2. But to your point, I think there's certainly could be an opportunity there for incremental capital, especially coming out of what Jonathan Brealey published really on his first day on the job with his de-carbonization plan. So, we think that all fits very nicely into what we've been talking about. But I think we need to get through the process a little more before we would go beyond our initial estimate.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just sticking sort of with your conservative theme here just around the FX. I mean you did highlight, obviously you're taking a little bit more of a conservative stance, but your assumptions do trail sort of consensus and forwards. So just maybe talk a little bit about that at a deeper level. And then what's sort of the timing of the '21 hedging program. Are there any sort of, any mandated thresholds or you're able to keep it open based on kind of your fundamental views?
Bill Spence: Joe, you wan to talk about the FX to start.
Joe Bergstein: So I guess the first part of your question, [Shawn] [ph] on our forecast range relative to four market spot rates and market forecast. We are lower than those for the reasons I said in my prepared remarks. We expect volatility in the exchange rate during 2020 as the UK continues through the transition period. And we'll hedging 2021 during that time period. Thank for tests are in a range of $1.35 to $1.45 for 2021. So there's certainly some potential upside to our forecast and as we've looked at 2022 as bank forecasts are actually in the mid 140s range. So that sensitivity of a penny of FX to a penny of earnings, that's, that's $0.15 of upside. If the bank forecasts are accurate in 2022 relative to where we sit today. Got it.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just one last one is, Bill, I know, you may or may not want to answer this, but I know the board has been obviously very patient around how you guys are thinking about the stock and the valuation. But it does kind of still continue to trade even if you look at it from a sum of the parts, multiple wrap basis post-Brexit. Is there any other strategic steps that you can take to maximize value for shareholders outside of the plan you sort of present today and outside of the, obviously incremental opportunities given the fact that your plan very conservative?
Bill Spence: Well, obviously, I'm not going to speculate on potential M&A, but when I look at the overall strategy for the things that we can control, it's actually worked really well. I think in terms of meeting all of the things that we do control, we obviously can't control the politics in the U.K. or the exchange rate. I think that as we look forward, particularly as we get through 2020, it's very likely that we'll know a lot more about where Brexit ultimately lands and what the currency landscape looks like for sure. Having said that, we're always looking at strategic or improvements to the base case that we can make that would create shareowner value. So we'll continue to do that as a Board and as a management team wherever and always if there are opportunities I think to create some additional shareowner value. But we are always on the lookout for how do we improve the base case and the plan that we have and I will continue to do that.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Greg Gordon at Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Actually Shar actually set me up reasonably well there. We didn't even plan this. When I look at like what you can control, obviously, operationally you guys are still top-notch across all your businesses. But given the things that you can't control in '20 and '21 and then the other thing you can only to some degree control in '22, which is the reset of under RIIO-ED2. If I step back and look at this from a high level, is it fair to look at the big picture as the next few years; you've got some earnings challenges that could create a more or less flat earnings profile, but the setup going into '22 and beyond creates a lot of growth opportunities from a decarbonization perspective on both your platforms to start growing the business again at a pretty steady and long trajectory?
Bill Spence: Yes, Greg. I would say overall, with the guidance we just gave here today from '20 to '21, at least looking at the midpoints, looks flat. As we indicated, depending on the FX rates, in particular, that could move up and show some growth. I think the underlying businesses, kind of to your point, continue to grow. The rate base is continuing to grow. And I think we are going to be set up well going into both decarbonization opportunities in the U.K. as well as domestically. So I think that, depending on your outlook for the FX, will dictate whether there's growth from 2020 to 2021.
Greg Gordon: Right. And then, look, 2022, I know you haven't given guidance. So I'm not trying to sort bait you into giving me guidance. But, we did go through in RIIO-ED1, when you transitioned, there was a reset year on revenues that you had to overcome. And you've talked about on prior calls how you can manage through fast pot, slow pot allocations and how you think that because you're best-in-class operator, you'll do better than average on the outcome and that hopefully the DNOs will do better on the margin than some of the other utility segments. But it is fair to say that '22 has its own set of challenges as well that you're going to have to manage, correct?
Bill Spence: Well, I think, again, I think it really depends on what the forecast that you want to use for foreign currency rates. Because I think we're -- in my view, kind of toward the low end. If you look at what FX rates have done really since the election, there was a temporary bound, but really stayed around $1.30. It's pretty much been range bound for the last couple of months. And you look at the forward forecast and a lot of them, as Joe indicated, are $1.35 and better, particularly much better when we get to 2022. So I would expect just on the strength of the FX that by the time we get to 2022 we'll see some earnings growth. Joe, I don't know if you want to add.
Joe Bergstein: I guess if we just look at the underlying business, absent FX, sort of all else equal, given we are talking about 2022 we would see growth in the businesses. And really the reason we're flat from 2020 to 2021 based on the midpoints is because of our strong hedge position for 2020 relative to the hedge position we have in 2021. So that's really what's showing a flat year-over-year earnings is because we actually have a decline in the FX rate that's hedged and assumed in 2020 compared to what we've used in the forecast for 2021. So I think there is, on the underlying businesses, we see growth. And then we'll have to see what FX does. But certainly as we move through 2020, you expect some clarity on the transition; get back into what we would expect and hope to be more normal times around the FX rate that could add additional growth on top of that.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Greg. it's Vince. Just also the RIIO2 transition is 2023, not 2022.
Greg Gordon: Oh gosh, sorry.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. I think on Joe's point on expected growth into 2022, right on the money.
Greg Gordon: Got you. And then I think back to the strategic decisions that you guys made when you decided to aggressively diversify and you bought more utility assets in the U.K. and you bought the Kentucky business and you did it at a really opportune time to diversify it away quite well from your exposure to the declining margin outlook for merchant power. And I can't help but think that this decarbonization opportunity which is going to be huge for your company in Kentucky and in the U.K., is also a huge opportunity. And to build a little bit on Shar's question on strategic options, would that play into a decision to think about how you could potentially scale up with a partner to better -- potentially better execute on that transition?
Bill Spence: Well, probably -- I shouldn't say probably. I will not speculate on M&A. But in terms of your underlying thesis around the decarbonization opportunity, I agree with that, and I believe that particularly in the U.K., it's one of the reasons why we continue to have a positive outlook on the U.K. We've weathered probably the strongest of the storms so far, particularly with renationalization threats which are now obviously not a threat at all, given the strong election outcome in the U.K. So that risk is now behind us and we still have the risk of Brexit that's keeping the markets a little bit jittery. But beyond that, I think things will stabilize. We'll have a much better view of not only RIIO-ED2, but also where the FX starts to land. And I think for the going forward setup for the business was I think we're in very good shape.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Praful Mehta of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: So maybe staying unfortunately with the theme on the strategic side. And I guess one of the points that I took away from all the answers was, clearly, you would look to at least benefit from reducing the proportion of the U.K. business. So I just wanted to understand --I know that there was a constraint around selling the U.K. business because of tax and the leakage there. If you were to partner up and use that to increase the size of the company, effectively reducing the proportion of the U.K. business, what kind of constraints should we think about on the tax side or other side that could limit any kind of strategic decisions around that decision?
Bill Spence: Well, again, I'm not going to speculate around M&A. However, as we've indicated in the past, an outright sale either in full or partially of the U.K. business does create multiple challenges, all of which destroy shareowner value. And if you look at the valuation of the company today, I think it's even more challenging today than it probably was when our stock was in the upper $28 to $30 range, so in the upper 20s. So, I think with where we are today, that strategic decision continues to be a big challenge for us. In terms of where the renationalization risk being removed, clearly you've seen the values of the U.K. utilities move up significantly after the election, and we still have what we believe is one of the strongest, if not the strongest, distributor network operator in the U.K. So we believe, on its own, its value has increased. But again, for us to de-weight and sell the business, that would be destructive to shareowners.
Praful Mehta: Yes. I get that and I remember that. What I'm asking is, if rather than selling the U.K. business, PPL as a whole would partner with somebody else and that way reducing the proportion of the U.K. business, do those same constraints apply on the tax side or any other side that we should be thinking about as we think about the strategic direction?
Bill Spence: Yes. Let me ask Joe to comment on that.
Joe Bergstein: Hi, Praful. I think that it's a very hypothetical question and it would be dependent on the other party and a lot of aspects of that, and so it's really hard to give an answer in that. I would say we -- to the earlier point, we look at all sorts of ways to create shareowner value. And obviously tax implications and what that would do to shareowner value is something that we focus closely on. But I think it'd be very difficult to say in a hypothetical situation and depending on who the other party may be.
Praful Mehta: Fair enough. And that makes sense. Just a couple of quick cleanup questions. On Slide 25, when I look at the rate base growth that you've projected through '24, I saw a meaningful decline in rate base growth both for the U.K. business and Kentucky. Obviously, this was slightly different timing; '18 to '23 versus '19 to '24. But I'm just trying to understand. The U.K. sounds like mostly pension related and exchange rate and mostly exchange rate, I guess and Kentucky, you guys have talked about. Is there anything else we should be thinking about around the rate base growth profile as you think about the different segments?
Bill Spence: So looking at that Slide 25, you can see there that the rate base growth in the U.K. is about 5.5%. It's not materially different, I don't believe, from where it was previously. I think it might have been as high as 6%. I think the biggest decrease is really in the Kentucky operation, where we're only projecting a 1.5% growth much about or much because of the reasons that Vince articulated in his opening remarks. And in the PA transmission, that's really been probably the larger decrease when you look at the overall mix because for a period of time we were growing double-digit there. And then on the distribution side, I think it's been fairly consistent in the 4% to 6%. So I think the two big changes are lower in Kentucky and lower on the Pennsylvania transmission side.
Praful Mehta: Yes. Thanks. Sorry, I did mean Pennsylvania transmission. Sorry, so thanks for that. And finally, just on Slide 26, when I look at incentive revenues, there has been a slight decrease in that projection as well for the U.K. So I just want to understand, is that also exchange rate or anything else on the incentive side?
Bill Spence: It's purely exchange rate.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, team, well done, again. And just going to play a cleanup here on some of the last questions. So can we talk a little bit more specifically on the timeline here for AMI and Kentucky? You talked about $300 million. Sort of procedurally, how do we get that done, when I know there's been some talk historically about that? And also, perhaps more importantly, decarbonization in the U.K. How do you think about that, the timeline be able to reflect some of that and how would that manifest itself in terms of CapEx here? Just to be a little bit more specific on that process. And I got a follow-up.
Bill Spence: Okay. Sure. Vince, go ahead.
Vince Sorgi: Sure, Julien. On the AMI, we would likely time that with the next rate case. As you know, in Kentucky, we've been on this every other year, rate case cycle. The last rate case -- new rates were effective May 1 of 2019. If we were to continue that cadence, yes, right, you would see a rate case becoming effective in the first half of 2021. So AMI, I would say, we would factor that into that upcoming rate case. And then, I apologize, what was the second part of your question?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: How does the decarbonization in the U.K. get reflected? How does that manifest itself? What kind of order of magnitude of spending we're talking about? I know you guys talked about $500 million upside in the five year outlook. I mean, when you think about decarbonization, that probably seems like a bigger number here. But I don't want to put words in your mouth. And what time period? Are we talking about in the current ED? Are we talking about the next one, if you can provide some context?
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So, the bulk of the incremental electrification CapEx we've included in the ED2 initial estimate. So we have about $1 billion over five years, call it $200 million a year in that five year period. And again, that's based on our initial assumptions. The team is working through our business plan submission, and that will be filed mid-2021 as part of the RIIO2 process. I would say depending how aggressive the government initiatives and Ofgem's policies become on the tail end of ED1, we could see deploying some capital in our current rate -- our current business plan time frame on electrification initiatives. We think we have enough leeway within the existing plan that we would be able to divert some spending towards that. Therefore, it wouldn't be a drag on the returns because, as you know, the revenues are kind of set for the ED1 period. So we would have to basically shift capital away from other things to EVs. We have innovation capital. Other things that I would say are placeholders that we could redeploy there. So I think we have enough flexibility in the back end of ED1 and you'll see a significant up tick in E2, which could once we get the business plans done, could be higher than what we're currently projecting at that $1 billion over the five years.
Bill Spence: Yes. It's probably obvious, but anything that we would shift from the current ED1 to ED2 to accommodate any electrification initiatives would wind up showing up in ED2 because presumably it's all work that is necessary to be done, not necessarily for electrification put for reliability and customer service reasons.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Anthony Crowdell of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: I want to follow up on Greg's earlier question. If I think of 2021 and '22 earnings, in order to see some growth there, in order to see like an earnings growth that matches rate base growth, do I need to see an improvement in the exchange rate?
Bill Spence: No.
Anthony Crowdell: And then, also on currency for -- I think some of the currency hedges are options where it preserves the upside. Any thought on why not locking in '21 now since, I don't know if there is many moving parts to '21 earnings with rate cases, and also '22, I think that you just mentioned, Kentucky, not locking those options now and preserving the upside, but maintaining a base versus if there is any further fallout in the U.K.?
Joe Bergstein: The options, Anthony are for 2020 not in 2021. So I think given where the options are priced and where the spot rate is, we'll prefer to see what happens within those option rates because we're protected on the downside. Clearly, you could see some appreciation on the upside, but they are in 2020, not 2021.
Bill Spence: Sorry, just to add to that. To the extent that we wanted to put options on for the bulk of 2021, that can be pretty expensive. So we probably wouldn't look to do that unless there were some shifts in our thoughts around the currency. But for now, I think we'll look opportunistically to hedge in at $1.30 and above wherever we can. And we'll start to ramp up a lot of our hedging by probably mid-year.
Anthony Crowdell: And just lastly, if you could update us on the pension assumptions. I don't believe there is a major change in your pension assumptions in the U.K. I thought there was like 10% degradation from 2020 to 2021, but I just wanted to double-check with you guys.
Joe Bergstein: We had projected about $0.05 change from 2020 to 2021, and our assumptions haven't changed materially around that at this point.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Bill Spence for any final remarks.
Bill Spence: Okay. Thank you, Rocco. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We'll visit with you again on the first quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded, we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you, Jay. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter 2019 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation and our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website. Our presentation and earnings release, which we'll discuss during today's call, contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the appendix of this presentation and our earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman and CEO.
Bill Spence: Thank you, Andy and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us for our third quarter earnings call. With me today are Vince Sorgi, PPL President and Chief Operating Officer; Joe Bergstein, Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin and Paul Thompson, the Heads of our U.S. utility businesses; and Phil Swift, Head of our Western Power Distribution business in the U.K. Moving to slide 3. Our agenda this morning begins with highlights of our 2019 third quarter earnings results and a brief review of operational and regulatory developments. Joe will then provide a more detailed review of third quarter earnings as well as an update on our foreign currency hedging status. As always, we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. Turning to slide 4. Today, we announced third quarter reported earnings of $0.65 per share resulting in a total of $1.89 per share through the first nine months of 2019. Adjusting for special items, primarily related to unrealized gains on our U.K. earnings hedges, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.61 per share compared with $0.59 per share a year ago. On a year-to-date basis through September, total ongoing earnings were $1.88 per share, which was even with last year on a per share basis and in line with our expectations. Based on our solid financial results through September, we have narrowed our 2019 guidance range to $2.35 per share to $2.45 per share maintaining our midpoint of $2.40. In addition, we remain on track to invest $3.3 billion in infrastructure improvements during 2019. Looking beyond 2019, today we also reaffirmed our projection of 5% to 6% compound annual earnings growth rate per share through 2020 measured against the midpoint of our original 2018 earnings forecast of $2.30 per share. In addition, we maintained our 2021 earnings forecast of $2.50 to $2.80 per share. We continue to monitor macroeconomic factors for potential impacts on our earnings projections including impacts on currency, exchange rates, inflation in the U.K. and interest rates. Shifting the focus to operations. PPL continues to modernize and reshape the grid investing in infrastructure and technology that will further strengthen grid resilience, improve service to customers and enable the transition to a cleaner energy future. In the third quarter, PPL Electric Utilities neared completion of a multi-year advanced meter replacement project in Pennsylvania. This $470 million project involves the installation of 1.4 million advanced meters. These meters enable us to respond more quickly and efficiently to customer requests by remotely connecting and disconnecting service. They also provide customers with more detailed usage information to help them make wise energy decisions. They also alert us when power is out enabling us to respond more quickly, to notify customers when they're not home and to better pinpoint problem areas. In addition, they help us to monitor power quality and better identify and address potential problems before they impact electric service. We expect to complete the project this year. It's yet another example of our ability to execute large-scale capital projects on time and on budget. Additionally, PPL Electric Utilities was recognized in October by the Association of Edison Illuminating Companies for groundbreaking technology that safely and automatically cuts power to down power lines, protecting the public first responders as well as employees. Safety is paramount to our everyday operations and we're very proud of our team for developing this innovative technology that will enhance the safety of our distribution network. We expect to have this technology deployed in about 1,500 locations, across our Pennsylvania service territory by the end of this year. In Kentucky, meanwhile Louisville Gas and Electric Company and Kentucky Utilities Company continued to look for opportunities to economically add clean energy for our customers. The company has completed construction of a new community solar facility in late July. This 1,400-panel array is the first of eight plan Solar Share developments that will provide an option for customers to support local solar energy without installing equipment on their properties. We are very close to beginning the installation of the second Solar Share array as response from customers has been strong. In addition, Kentucky Utilities announced an agreement to build, own and maintain a solar array at the Maker's Mark bourbon distillery operation in Loretto, Kentucky as part of the utility's Business Solar Program. The company expects to complete construction by the end of the year. Our continuous investment in our reliable electricity system in Kentucky also enables us to continue to pursue these efforts of economically advancing renewable generation in the state of Kentucky. Shifting to the U.K. and a brief regulatory update, as we noted on our second quarter call, Ofgem formally kicked off the consultation process for the RIIO-ED2 price control in early August. We've since reviewed Ofgem's open letter, which outlines its approach to setting the next price control. And we've submitted responses on behalf of all stakeholders of both Western Power Distribution and PPL Corporation including our shareowners. In PPL's response, we highlighted the real value that RIIO-ED1 has delivered and continues to deliver for our U.K. customers. For example, customer interruptions are down 11% on average. Outage durations have fallen by 9%. Customer service scores are very strong with distribution network operators earning on average an 8.7 out of 10 rating from our customers. Meanwhile DNOs have continued to invest in network improvements and innovation. Four years into the RIIO-ED1 price control, customers are receiving high levels of service and performance. And in our view, the focus in RIIO-ED2 should be building upon the success of RIIO-ED1 and refining the framework where needed. As stated in our comments, we welcome the opportunity to support U.K. decarbonization and electrification initiatives that will play a critical role in achieving the governments target of net zero emissions by the year 2050. We forecast that a significant amount of capital will be required to be invested in the distribution networks to advance these objectives. We believe it's critical that RIIO-ED2 provide DNOs fair and reasonable returns that will attract and sustain the investment necessary to achieve this transition to a low-carbon economy. And we believe the incentive scheme in RIIO-ED2 must drive both innovation and outputs that create long-term value for our customers and enable top performers like WPD to earn strong returns. Much of these concepts have been echoed by our investors and we provided Ofgem with a summary of that direct feedback as well. In WPD's comprehensive response to the consultation questions, we've highlighted areas for improvement and offered ideas on how Opgem can achieve its objective of continuing to drive efficiencies while preparing the network for the future. Ofgem is expected to issue its framework decision by the end of the year. As we said on our last call, we believe Ofgem agrees that distribution networks are critical to enabling the shift towards a more sustainable energy future. We expect that Ofgem will produce the framework necessary for DNOs to support decarbonization objectives and incentivize the level of investment required to do so. And we believe Ofgem will be focused on differentiating returns among electricity DNOs providing substantial opportunities for outstanding performers like WPD as we enter into RIIO-ED2. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe for a more detailed financial overview. Joe?
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 5 for an overview of third quarter segment results. As Bill mentioned, PPL delivered third quarter 2019 earnings from ongoing operations of $0.61 per share, which was $0.02 higher compared to the third quarter of 2018 and in line with our expectations. Our strong results more than offset $0.02 from share dilution and over the quarter there was $0.01 benefit from weather-related variances compared to the prior period. Weather was about $0.02 favorable compared to our forecast for the third quarter of 2019, primarily in Kentucky where cooling degree days were about 30% higher compared to normalized levels. Turning to our segment results. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.28 per share, a $0.01 decrease compared to the same period a year ago, excluding the impact of dilution. The decrease in the U.K. earnings was primarily due to lower sales volumes and lower realized foreign currency exchange rates compared to 2018 with third quarter 2019 average rates of $1.26 per pound compared to $1.34 per pound in the third quarter of 2018. These factors were partially offset by higher prices due to the April 1, 2019 price increase and higher other income due to higher pension income. Moving to the Pennsylvania segment. Our PA Regulated segment earned $0.16 per share in the third quarter of 2019, which was even compared to the third quarter of 2018. Higher adjusted gross margins, primarily due to returns on additional capital investments in transmission were primarily offset by higher operation and maintenance expense and several other items that were not individually significant. Turning to Kentucky segment. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.20 per share in the third quarter of 2019, a $0.03 increase compared to the third quarter of 2018 excluding the impact of dilution and weather. The increase was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins, which reflect higher retail rates approved by the KPSC effective May 1, 2019 and lower operation and maintenance expense, primarily due to lower storm costs. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to additions to PP&E and higher depreciation rates. And finally, Corporate and Other remained relatively even compared to the same period a year ago. As Bill noted, we narrowed our 2019 forecast range due to our strong third quarter performance, which positions us well to achieve our earnings forecast for this year. And for your convenience a walk of the year-to-date results is available in the appendix. Before I turn the call back over to Bill, let me provide an update on our foreign currency hedging status which is on slide 6. For the balance of 2019, we continue to be 100% hedged for our ongoing earnings at an average rate of $1.45 per pound. For 2020, we increased our hedge percentage by 7% and our 2020 ongoing earnings are now 70% hedged. The average rate for 2020, reflecting these new hedges remained at $1.46 per pound. We were able to maintain these average hedge rates by optimizing our hedge portfolio given the recent uplift in currency rates, following the momentum surrounding Brexit and to strengthen our 2019 results to date. We continue to utilize options in our hedging strategy that preserve upside to the current market rates with about one-third of the 2020 hedge portfolio being option-based. And we remain opened in 2021. As Bill mentioned, we'll continue to monitor Brexit developments and fluctuations in currency exchange rates, while we evaluate potential impacts for earnings projections. The flexibility in our hedging program enables us to take an opportunistic approach as we continue to assess the dynamic political situation. We believe we're well positioned to manage this uncertainty in the near-term through our hedge position. And we are optimistic that the market will rationalize the currency rates higher than we see today and continue the recent upward trend as the U.K. moves closer toward a Brexit resolution. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period. Bill?
Bill Spence: Thank you, Joe. In closing, our third quarter results exemplify our continued commitment to delivering outstanding operational performance. We remain solidly on track to deliver on our 2019 earnings guidance. As we continue to invest in a sustainable energy future, as we strengthen grid resilience. And reshape electricity networks, to enable a low-carbon future. I'm very proud of the direction we're headed, as we look to close out 2019, with continued strong performance. With that, operator, let's open the call up for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Bill Spence: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. Bill, first question, can you give us an update on your latest thinking around your U.K. operations? And any strategic actions you may take, to address the investor concerns and valuation discounts that, you're seeing in your stock? I know, there's been some new stories out there, but anything you can share with us. Anything new opportunities or anything that you can -- you're looking at today?
Bill Spence: I appreciate the question. But as I'm sure you can understand, we don't comment on market rumours or speculation. And that's consistent with our long-standing policy. As for the overall strategy, we've discussed our thoughts extensively on past calls, and nothing has changed from that perspective. And as we said, the company continues to operate exceptionally well. And we believe the current business mix and plan will generate long-term shareowner value.
Ali Agha: I understood. Fair enough. Second question, as you mentioned, you're expecting the framework decision from Ofgem later this year. Can you just highlight for us from your vantage front, what are the sort of the important data points you expect to get firmed up in this decision, as it relates to your business. And thinking about RIIO-2 et cetera?
Bill Spence: Sure. I'll make a general comment. And then, I'll turn it over to Phil, to maybe give you a highlight on some of the specifics that we're looking at, as we go into the framework discussion with Ofgem. Since the process just kicked off, there's no major update at the moment. But we do remain encouraged by our continued dialogue with Ofgem, as they recognize, that the distribution networks are an integral part, of the future of the U.K. energy goals to decarbonize the country. And we're going to continue to remain engaged with Ofgem. And all stakeholders as we establish this framework for the next price control review. As for the specifics we're looking at, Phil did you want to make a couple of comments there?
Phil Swift: Yeah. I mean, I think, the key thing is it's very early days at the moment. The actual sector methodology consultation is actually next year, when we get more detail on the financial package and everything else. Right now our position is very much around focusing Ofgem on the fact that ED1 is working incredibly well. And therefore, ED2 should be a progression from ED1 and not a sort of a step change away from it. Bill alluded to that in his opening remarks, in terms of outcomes for our customers. The interruptions on minutes are dramatically down. And our availability of electricity is running 99.99%. In terms of customer service we continue to drive that upwards with WPD now, at or around over 90%. And the whole sector has moved up to around about 87%. So our key messaging with Ofgem has been very much around progressing into ED2 with a good incentive package reflecting the decarbonization agenda. And we see that as the main adjustment going forward. But in terms of decisions in terms of cost of equity and everything else we won't see that until next year.
Ali Agha: Got you, last question, Bill, the $15 billion of CapEx that you've highlighted for us through 2023, can you give us some sense of -- as you look at customer needs et cetera, what kind of potential upside there could be, particularly in the outer years when you receive that drawdown? And is that 4.7% rate base CAGR really realistic at the end of the day? Can you give us some sense of where -- what kind of opportunities are out there, on the CapEx front?
Bill Spence: Sure. Well, the capital plan that you have in front of you today reflects only identified projects. And there are certainly opportunities that could arise as we execute the plan, particularly at the back-end of the plan as you know. Those potential opportunities within that five-year time horizon could come from a couple of sources. One would be further grid resiliency efforts in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky; future AMI deployment in Kentucky which we've talked about in the past; potential renewables expansion I would just say in general across the board; perhaps other generation modifications in Kentucky that could be required by any new environmental regulations. I think as you probably know our capital plans in the U.K. are essentially set until the end of RIIO-ED1. And we do expect beyond that timeframe beyond RIIO-ED1 that there could be very significant capital investment opportunities to meet the required electrification initiatives to allow the U.K. to achieve its recent commitment of a net zero emissions by 2050. So, that's -- those are the areas that I would probably highlight at the moment.
Ali Agha: Yes. Bill I know -- I mean not all of it comes to fruition but just a sense of the size of that bucket as you're looking at these opportunities?
Bill Spence: Well, I would say that they would certainly be in probably $100 million versus the tens of millions of dollars. So, I think particularly as it relates to the U.K. we're looking at something that could be several hundred million dollars incremental per year depending on how aggressively Ofgem would like to go for the carbon reductions that the country has already established as a target.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Bill Spence: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ryan Greenwald: Good morning guys. This is actually Ryan Greenwald on for Julien. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning.
Bill Spence: Good morning. Sure.
Ryan Greenwald: Can you guys just give a little more color on the hedging strategy in the current environment? It seems like you guys are being pretty patient. Can you just kind of elaborate there given the improving currency as of late?
Bill Spence: Sure. I will ask Joe to comment on that.
Joe Bergstein: Sure. There's been no real significant change to our hedging strategy. We are being patient and we continue to monitor Brexit situation and potential impacts from the pending U.K. elections and the January Brexit deadline with the prospects of a no-deal Brexit greatly reduced. Current probability sit at 90% for a deal or no Brexit at all. Both of those would be positive to the pound. So, current forecasts point to upside relative to the current FX rate into the $1.35 $1.40 area. So, we'll again continue to wait and see how these events play out over the next several months and opportunistically layer on hedges if the opportunity presents itself.
Ryan Greenwald: Got it, that's helpful. And then how real do you guys perceive nationalization risk given the latest development?
Bill Spence: Well, I think that risk well we have always said we believed it to be extremely low has gone even lower. The Labor Party has really dropped in the polls. Their manifesto could only be really achieved if they win at outright majority in the election. That is very unlikely. Their best shot would be to form a coalition government and very likely the coalition partner that they align with would not be probably likely to want to sign on to a renationalization manifesto. So, we believe that things from our perspective are moving in the right direction that that risk continues to go even lower from a pretty low starting point to begin with.
Ryan Greenwald: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Bill Spence: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: Thanks so much. Hi guys.
Bill Spence: Good morning.
Praful Mehta: Hi. So, maybe just on the foreign exchange side and the hedging that you talked about. You reiterated your guidance for 2021. Can you just give us a sense of what's built into that in terms of the range on the foreign exchange side for 2021?
Joe Bergstein: Yes, we're using -- Praful its Joe. We're using the forecast that we had for FX rates at the time we gave that guidance which was $1.35 to $1.60.
Praful Mehta: Got you. So, the lower end of that is $1.35 depending on where that goes. Obviously, the estimates can move as well I guess?
Joseph Bergstein: That's correct.
Praful Mehta: Got you. All right. And then secondly, in terms of the strategic sign, I'll ask a more generic question if that's okay. What I'm trying to get a sense of is, I know that in the past you've looked at the U.K. strategically and said that the tax leakage has been a challenge. If there is somebody who can help offset that tax leakage using tax assets of their own, is that something you see as valuable as a strategic opportunity? Or do you not really consider that as an opportunity from your perspective?
Bill Spence: Well as I said, I'm not going to speculate on the strategic front. We have mentioned in the past that we continuously look for opportunities whether they're tax-related or not to take strategic action that could certainly improve the shareowner value as we've done over the past decade. So from that perspective nothing has really changed.
Praful Mehta: And just following up on that. Do you see -- from an buyer interest perspective, on the strategic options in the U.K., would you consider now to be a good time? Or do you think that there's just so much uncertainty on Brexit that if you had to do something you're really not -- that nobody's got really good clarity on it? Or do you see that or that -- is there a different perspective on timing around something to do with the U.K.?
Bill Spence: Well I would say that we have not tested the market on an outright sale of our U.K. businesses at this time. And I think to your point, this may not be the best of times given we're very close to seeing the outcome of Brexit. And I think it's clear from our perspective relative to Brexit that either way the general election turns out, we think the pound is going to strengthen once the uncertainties of Brexit are removed. And it will be clear I think. If you believe the polls and if they ultimately prove correct the Conservatives will win an outright majority and it's very unlikely the Labor Part you could achieve a majority. And as you also probably know that one of the overhangs on all the utility businesses in the U.K. has been on the threat of renationalization, which as I indicated earlier is dropping pretty significantly in our view.
Praful Mehta: Got you. That's super helpful and congratulations. Thank you.
Bill Spence: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Greg Gordon: Hey, good morning.
Bill Spence: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: You guys -- I'm noticing that you're talking about in Kentucky on the margin they're embracing more renewable energy alternatives. It's been a call centric state. Can you talk about what your short- medium- longer-term plans might look like maybe not in this next rate case, but maybe as you think about the mid- to late-2020s with regard to aspirations to continue to push the green agenda in that state and what it might mean for rate base growth?
Bill Spence: Sure. Paul, do you want to comment on kind of the landscape in Kentucky and what you see on the ground there?
Paul Thompson: Certainly. Again, this is Paul Thompson. We have a inventor -- I mean a integrated resource plan that of course we do tri-annually and it still has coal as our least cost resource going out into the late 2020s early 2030s when we might see some more change. But aside from that, we're looking at the market all the time and as Bill said earlier looking for economic advantages for the customer. So one of the things that we're doing now as we've commented on is going to test the market with an RFP for renewables. We put that out in February. That was for upwards of 200 megawatts. We're still processing that. But based on that we expect to see some filings to move forward on some more renewable energy that is economic to the customer set. So things like that in the near term, we're going to continue to do. When you get out into the later 2020s and as we had in our climate assessment report, we talked about as coal becomes not economic for whatever reason or ages to the point of not being able to be economically retrofitted, et cetera, we will likely be looking at renewables and/or gas as the economics may dictate. So I think we're trying to stay on the forefront of what's economic to the customer. And some of this renewal certainly can be and that's what we're going to try to keep doing in the state.
Bill Spence: I would just add Greg that I think that what we're seeing based on some modeling, we're doing and other things is that, it may not be that we actually shut down some of these larger coal stations, but we supplement them with renewable energy such that the output -- coal-based output may drop, but it could be that for the customer as Paul mentioned, could be still economic to kind of pair that base load generation with some of this variable generation. And that could be I think a win-win for the customers.
Paul Thompson: Yeah. A good way to balance the reliability against the cleaner resources.
Greg Gordon: Thank you very much guys.
Bill Spence: Okay, Greg. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Bill Spence: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson : So like all my questions have been answered, but there was this discussion you guys made about this innovative technology regarding down power lines and cutting off the power to it. And I think you guys were talking about in the context of first responders and stuff. But what does this mean for the potential of wildfires? Or is there any application there at all? Is it proprietary? Is there more to this maybe than what it sounds like? I'm just curious.
Bill Spence: Yeah. Good question. Very good question. I'll ask Greg Dudkin, who heads up our PPL Electric Utilities to make some comments.
Greg Dudkin: Yeah. So, just very quickly about the technology, what we're using is, we're using information that comes back of a power line that hits the ground or taking information from our relays to determine, a, we may have a power line down on the ground and we can automatically de-energize it. So as you said, the first application is to protect the public and its application. I think it could be used in areas of -- at risk of wildfires. So that could be a potential application in the future as well.
Bill Spence: And how about the proprietary nature of it?
Greg Dudkin: So we've applied for a patent on it, but we don't expect to get rich on it. But -- and we'd be more than happy to talk to other utilities that use.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Just -- when you say a grounded -- power line that hits the ground, what about if a tree hits the power line? Does that have the same impact?
Greg Dudkin: So we are now taking a look at that as well. This application is more around where you have live conductors that are on the ground. But we are taking a look at -- because actually they -- I'll call it the signature is similar to be able to identify when a tree hits a line as well.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Well, thanks a lot.
Greg Dudkin: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yeah, thank you. Just in the U.K., where do you stand in terms of returns and achievement of performance incentives versus your plan?
Bill Spence: Sure, Gregg. Generally speaking, we're right on track with the plan in terms of executing the capital and the O&M that was approved in our fast-track application in the very beginning of the process or the rate period. At the operating company level, so at the four distribution network operations companies, we've been in this roughly 9% to 10% return on regulatory assets in that range. I don't know Phil, if you want to comment more specifically, but we've been kind of low -- just below about 10%.
Phil Swift: Yes, that's correct Bill. So, we continue to execute in line with the plan as you said. And in terms of incentives, we maximize incentives on customer service. We're close to maximizing -- maximize on two of the licenses on interruptions. Stakeholder engagement, we were ranked the best in the sector again for the eighth consecutive year with the highest level of incentives in line with plan possibly slightly better.
Bill Spence: And that roughly mid-9% is on a real basis. As you recall in the U.K., we start with the nominal and then we book to the real based on incentives and inflation et cetera.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
Bill Spence: You’re welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning. Hopefully two quick questions. One is -- and I don't know if you can answer. How far along '20 -- how far along in 2020 would you go with keeping 2021 completely exposed on the hedge status?
Bill Spence: Sure. I'll ask Joe to comment on that.
Joe Bergstein: Hi, Anthony. I think it -- again, to my earlier points, we want to monitor the events as they occur in the U.K. over the next several months with respect to the general election in mid-December and the end of January Brexit time line. So, I think I don't have a date specific, but we'll monitor those events. Again, we would think based on information we have today relative to those events, the pound would move higher. So, we'll wait to see what happens then and see how the pound materializes over that time and book hedges sometime in 2020 or 2021.
Anthony Crowdell: And then, switching gears to -- the credit agencies have typically viewed -- view U.K. regulation I guess as maybe a credit positive or a premium jurisdiction. Has that changed at all as you've seen the other segments get potentially lower returns?
Joe Bergstein: So we've had conversations with rating agencies and I think they've made comments with regard to this. But in our conversations with them, they don't view the U.K. differently at this point with respect to electric distribution. RIIO-ED1 goes through the end of March 2023. So, we have quite a bit of time and certainly in cash flows to do that. And I think they'll continue to monitor the U.K. and development through the rest of ED1 and how that may impact RIIO-ED2 before they make any decisions. But I think they continue to view the U.K. positively.
Anthony Crowdell: Good. Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Joe Bergstein: You’re welcome.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Spence for any closing remarks.
Bill Spence: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thanks for all that participated today and I look forward to seeing many of you next week at the financial conference.
Operator: And thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig: Thank you, Gary. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter 2019 financial results. We provided slides for this presentation and our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website. Our presentation on earnings release, which we'll discuss during today's call, contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the appendix of this presentation and our earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman and CEO.
William Spence: Thank you, Andy, and good morning everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us for our second quarter earnings call. With me today are Vince Sorgi, who was promoted to PPL President and Chief Operating Officer, effective July 1; Joe Bergstein who is promoted to PPL Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Vince in the CFO role; and Greg Dudkin; and Paul Thompson, the Heads of our U.S. Utility businesses; Philip Swift, the Head of our Western Power Distribution business in the U.K. is not able to join us this morning. Moving to slide three, our agenda this morning begins with highlights of our 2019 second quarter results and a brief review of operational and regulatory developments. Joe will then provide more detailed review of second quarter earnings as well as an update on our foreign currency hedging status. As always, we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. Turning to slide four, today, we announced second quarter reported earnings of $0.60 per share, resulting in a total of $1.24 per share through the first half of 2019. Adjusting for special items, primarily related to unrealized gains on our U.K. earnings hedges, second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.58 per share compared with $0.55 per share a year ago. On a year-to-date basis through June, total ongoing earnings were $1.27 per share compared with $1.29 per share a year ago, which is in line with our expectations. Based on our solid financial results through June, we remained very confident in our ability to deliver on our 2019 guidance range of $2.30 to $2.50 per share with a midpoint of $2.40. In addition, we remained on track to invest $3.3 billion in infrastructure improvements during 2019 as we work to make the grid smarter, more reliable, and more resilient. Looking beyond 2019, today we also reaffirmed our projection of 5% to 6% compound annual earnings growth per share through 2020 measured against the midpoint of our original 2018 earnings forecast. In addition, we maintained our 2021 earnings forecast of $2.50 to $2.80 per share. We continued to monitor foreign currency exchange rates for potential impacts on our earnings projections, which Joe will discuss in his update. Shifting the focus to operations, PPL continues to deliver excellent service across all of our distribution networks. Both PPL Electric Utilities and Kentucky Utilities both received J.D. Power Awards for Residential Customer Satisfaction in July, achieving the highest overall marks in their respective categories and regions based on customer surveys. This year marks the eighth and fourth straight years respectively that PPL Electric Utilities and Kentucky Utilities have earned this distinction. All told, PPL's utilities have received 49 J.D. Power Awards in the two decades since the organization has steady customer satisfaction with electric utilities. In U.K., WPD was also recognized recently by Ofgem as the top-ranked network for the stakeholder engagement and consumer vulnerability incentive and achievement measured against all gas and electricity networks in the U.K. This is the eighth consecutive year that WPD led the industry in this category. PPL's track record of customer service excellence is a testament to the outstanding teams we have throughout our business and it reflects our strategic focus on delivering best-in-sector operational performance. In other highlights, PPL Electric Utilities was also named the 2019 Power Players Investor-Owned Utility of the Year by the Smart Electric Power Alliance during the second quarter. The award recognized PPL Electrics work to create a smart grid distribution management system that supports greater adoption of distributed energy resources on the grid. This includes behind-the-meter resources such as private solar and energy storage. The Utilities new distributed energy resources management system is just one of the many ways PPL companies are working to advance a cleaner energy future. Additionally, PPL Electric Utilities was named one of the most trusted utility brands in the country by a recent study conducted by Escalent, a human behavior and analytics firm. In this survey, PPL Electric Utilities earned the top spot among the electricity-only utilities in the eastern United States. This recognition is yet another example of PPL Electrics commitment to top-tier reliability and service to its customers. Last but not least, Louisville Gas and Electric recently received the American Gas Association's accident prevention award for safety excellence. Among its peers, LG&E finished 2018 with the lowest rate of incidents resulting in lost time or restricted time at work. We are proud of LG&E's accomplishment, and we remain committed across our U.S. and U.K. operations to continue a safety improvement. Turning to a brief regulatory update in the U.K., Ofgem in late May confirmed its RIIO-2 price control methodology for the gas distribution, gas transmission, and electricity transmission subsectors. While the announced methodology does not apply to the electricity distribution sector, which Ofgem has continually emphasized, we welcome the opportunity to share our views on some key issues. Broadly, we believe this update was a step in the right direction and look forward to our ongoing engagement with Ofgem as we plan our next price control, a process that kicked off formally this morning with the open letter consultation. The letter was generally in line with our expectations and consistent with recent conversations with Ofgem. Vince and I were in the U.K. last week and held another series of productive meetings with members of Ofgem senior leadership team, including Chairman, Martin Cave. We discussed the successes of RIIO-ED1 regulation and how there has been real value delivered to customers in the first four years of the price control. We also highlighted some of the areas for improvement and how Ofgem can achieve their objective of continuing to drive efficiencies while preparing the network for the future. Overall, we're in agreement that the distribution networks are critical to the ongoing development of the U.K.'s energy infrastructure, specifically to achieve the electrification and decarbonization initiatives. Network development has become even more important as the U.K. recently announced its commitment to achieving net zero carbon emissions by the year 2050. This commitment further enhances the opportunities for DNOs, like WPD, to continue their leading roles in building the electricity grid of the future and connecting significant levels of renewable energy sources. We expect that Ofgem will provide the framework necessary for electricity distribution companies to support these objectives and incentivize the level of investment required to do so as they have done historically. Our recent dialogue supports our belief that Ofgem will be focused on differentiating returns among electricity DNOs and still provide substantial opportunities for outstanding performers like WPD, during the next price control period. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe for a more detailed financial overview. Joe?
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Bill and good morning everyone. Let's move to slide five for an overview of the second quarter segment results. As Bill mentioned, PPL delivered second quarter 2019 earnings from ongoing operations of $0.58 per share, which was $0.03 higher compared to the second quarter of 2018 and in line with our expectations. Our strong second -- our strong results more than offset $0.02 from share dilution and $0.05 of weather-related variances compared to the prior period. $0.04 of the weather variance was related to strong volumes experienced in the second quarter of 2018 and weather was about $0.01 unfavorable compared to our forecast for the second quarter of 2019. Excluding dilution and weather, we saw higher earnings in each of our utility segments this quarter. Our U.K. regulated segment earned $0.36 per share, a $0.04 increase compared to the same period a year ago, excluding the impact of dilution and weather. The increase in the U.K. earnings was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins from higher prices as a result of the April 1st, 2019, price increase partially offset by lower sales volume, higher other income due to higher pension income and higher realized foreign currency exchange rates compared to 2018 for the second quarter 2019 average rate of a $1.36 per pound compared to $1.33 in the second quarter of 2018. Moving to Pennsylvania, our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.13 per share in the second quarter of 2019, a $0.03 increase compared to the second quarter of 2018, excluding weather. The increase was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins, primarily due to returns on additional capital investments in transmission and the timing impact related to U.S. tax reform in 2018 and lower operation and maintenance expense primarily due to lower support cost. These factors were partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to additions to PP&E. Moving to Kentucky, our Kentucky regulated segment earned $0.13 per share in the second quarter of 2019, a $0.03 increase compared to the second quarter of 2018, excluding the impact of weather. The increase was primarily due to higher base rates effective May 1st, 2019, and lower income taxes due to a state tax credit. This was partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to additions to PP&E and higher depreciation rates, and higher interest expense due to higher interest rates and increased borrowings. And finally, Corporate and Other remained flat over the quarter compared to the same period a year ago. As Bill noted, our solid second quarter performance positions us well to achieve our earnings forecast for this year. We provided a similar walk of the year-to-date results in the appendix for your reference. Before I turn the call back over to Bill, let me provide an update on our foreign currency hedging status, which is on slide six. For the balance of 2019, we continue to be 100% hedged for our ongoing earnings at an average rate of $1.41 per pound. For 2020, we increased our hedge percentage to 63% compared to 55% on our first quarter call. The average rate for 2020, reflecting these new hedges is $1.46 per pound just slightly lower than the previous average of $1.47. We continue to utilize options in our hedging strategy that preserve upside to the current market rates to develop one-third of the 2020 hedge portfolio being option-based. We remain open in 2021, and as Bill mentioned we recognized the recent weakness in the exchange rates and continue to monitor potential impacts to our earnings projections. However, independent forecast of future exchange rates remain within the range of presumptions used for our 2021 projections. So, near-term fluctuations in the current year is expected given the current political environment, the majority of analyst trajectory we cover in the currency rates falling at Brexit resolution. And finally, we have flexibility in our hedging program that does not require to add additional hedges at this time and allows us to take an opportunistic approach to hedging as we monitor the dynamics of the political situation and move towards the Brexit deadline in October. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period.
William Spence: Thanks Joe. In closing, all of our PPL companies continue to execute at an extremely high level as evidenced once again by the accolades earned from our customers and industry groups. We remained focused on delivering on our low-risk business plan to build tomorrow's infrastructure and advance a sustainable energy future. And our strong financial performance keeps us solidly on track to achieve our 2019 earnings forecast. These operational successes are underpinned by an exceptional workplace that cultivates an inclusive and diverse workforce. I'd like to briefly highlight a couple recent honors recognizing these efforts that exemplify the constructive culture and lifeblood of our company. In June, our Kentucky operations were rewarded the highest U.S. government honor to employers for providing exceptional support of National Guard and Reserve employees. The employer support of the Guard and Reserve are ESGR Freedom Award. We were one of 15 recipients of this prestigious award selected by the Department of Defense out of nearly 2,500 nominations this year. And just last month, PPL was named a Best Place to Work for People with Disabilities for the second straight year, earning a top score of 100% on the disability equality index for its commitment to creating and accommodating an exclusive environment for people with disabilities. At PPL, we want all individuals to reach their fullest potential and believe that our employees, colleagues, and friends in the community of all abilities help us grow and thrive. We're extremely honored and proud of these achievements and we will continue to advance in these efforts for an inclusive and powering environment for all employees to drive energy forward. With that, operator, let's open the call for questions, please.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
William Spence: Good morning.
Ali Agha: Good morning. First question, Joe, just to understand the Ofgem process from here onwards, so I know that in the schedule in this open letter that consultation they started currently that they'll have a decision on the open later in November, what is to be expected, what will they decide at that time in November? And when are you expecting that the key parameters, cost of equity, et cetera will be firmed up? Is that when the strategy consultation decision comes -- just like layout, what we should expect in November on this open letter decision?
William Spence: Sure. So, in November, they're going to provide us with the framework and within that framework, there will be details and I'll let Vince maybe comment on this since he's been following this pretty closely in terms of what those details are likely to include. So, Vince?
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. How are doing Ali? The process really going forward around the open letter we would expect Ofgem to make certain decisions on the questions that they pose. So, confirming the five-year term of the next price control versus some other term, confirming that they're going to stick with CAPM similar to what they're using for gas and transmission, I would not expect that they would, in November, put forth any numbers in terms of what that CAPM process would result for electric distribution that we would project to see when they do the sector methodology consultation, which would kick off mid-next year. I think, they'll also talk about the framework that they're thinking about in terms of transitioning to DSO, what type of incentive mechanisms might be in place to drive the DNOs to that outcome discussion around whole system outcomes, so things like that as opposed to the actual return numbers that they would be expecting.
William Spence: I think between now and November, what the process really is, is a collection of knowing the answers to the questions that they pose but also additional stakeholder feedback. We'll take all of that, they will then propose a broad framework with more specifics around what their thought is based on all that input and then that will carry forward into next year, which will provide much more specificity on things like ROE and center frameworks. 
Ali Agha: Okay. Second question I had, can you remind us how much of your earnings in this quarter and year-to-date have come from U.K. pension income, the non-cash pension income? And any update on how you're thinking about that as it opens up in 2021?
Joe Bergstein: So, we had two sets of pension income in the quarter compared to higher pension income in the quarter compared to last year. As far as the process for pension deficit funding and the amount that's needed going forward, we're in the process of updating our assumptions and negotiating the expected funding levels with our pension trustees. We expect that to be completed by year end. We'll then work with Ofgem and the U.K. pension regulator off Ofgem's review and determination of future deficit funding will be known -- we expect by November 2020. But our expectations at this time, well, we haven't changed the year end and our 2021 forecast, we're expecting about $0.05 per share reduction in 2021 due to lower pension deficit funding needs.
Ali Agha: Right. Last question Bill, as I look at the big picture in the U.K., you’ve got Brexit uncertainty, potentially political uncertainty; you've got the currency, obviously extremely weak. As you look at all of this, I mean is there much that you can do about it or are these macro-political factors that's going to play themselves out and PPL just hunkers down and waits for these events to unfold? Is there anything proactively PPL can do, given the backdrop that you have out there? 
William Spence: Yes, it is a challenging political and regulatory backdrop at the moment but there are some efforts that we have -- had underway in the U.K. to basically educate many of those Ministers of Parliament that may not be familiar with specifically with the electricity networks, great track record and that track record includes much lower cost than when the systems were nationalized, better reliability, much better reliability to the tune of about 60% better reliability than when they were under state control. And also customer satisfaction, which is at the highest level it's ever been. So, we have a great story to tell and another data point is, which is on a positive side is that the Labour Party has really continued to lose momentum politically, and as you know they were one of the -- one of the only political party that had proposed bringing some of the networks back under state control as well as rail and mail and so forth and water [ph]. So, we think that the risk, while it was already very low is even lower than it previously was as the Labour Party has really failed to gain any momentum politically, and certainly there is always a probability that they could regain some of their footing but in our view very unlikely. So, the other thing that we've been doing is we have a political consulting firm that we use in the U.K. It's been very helpful for us to reach out to some of the other stakeholders outside the parliament to again, educate and inform local community and leaders and so forth. So, I think we're doing what we can to combat some of the broader political forces at play, but it is rather challenging.
Ali Agha: Understood. Thank you.
William Spence: You're welcome Ali.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning. Joe and Vince congratulations on the promotions.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you.
Anthony Crowdell: First question, I guess, if I could think of the guidance for 2021 of $2.50 to $2.80 what is the assumption of pension deficit revenues in the $2.50 and $2.80 number or that's the same -- or pension deficit revenues have not change in that range?
Joe Bergstein: We've assumed a $0.05 reduction in the range for -- at the midpoint of pension deficit -- at the midpoint of the 2021 forecast is a $0.05 reduction in the pension deficit funding.
Anthony Crowdell: At the low end of the range though is there a bigger decline in pension deficit revenues?
Joe Bergstein: No, not materially. The range is really driven by FX rates.
Anthony Crowdell: Got it. If I could think about repatriation of cash from the U.K., what are you repatriating now? And I guess is there a sensitivity on currency or on the exchange rate with that?
Joe Bergstein: Right now our forecast through the planning period has an expectation of $300 million to $500 million per year. So, when we think about the impact on currency relative to our cash repatriation and cash position, it's really very minor. So, even at current levels of the pound in the low $1.20, it's only about a $40 million impact to our cash repatriation. So, really very minor and very manageable in the grand scheme of our cash position.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And lastly, just the company gives out -- we have I guess 5% to 6% growth rate through the 2020. When can we expect to get growth rate post-2020, given the U.K. planning goes out till 2023 could we expect something sooner to find out what the growth is post-2020?
Joe Bergstein: Well, I think, we'll have to consider the currency situation and where we are in the Brexit process and if there's any clarity around that because as you are aware currency is obviously a big driver of our forecast. So, we'll have to wait and see when we provide that longer term guidance Anthony, given the currency situation of the political backdrop.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions Joe.
Joe Bergstein: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. it's actually James for Shar.
William Spence: Good morning James.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I just wanted to ask could you remind us whether or not tell us under the hedging program when we have to start for 2021?
William Spence: Sure. Go ahead, Joe.
Joe Bergstein: Yes. Well, we have flexibility under our hedging program and as I stated in the prepared remarks at this point we're not required to add any additional hedges throughout October, so we can really see how Brexit plays out as we approach October, end of October deadline.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then are you still assuming a range, I think it was $1.35 to $1.60 in your 2021 guidance?
Joe Bergstein: We are independent analyst forecast continue to support that range and there was in the range that we provided when we provided that guidance. So, we're maintaining that at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And I guess just stateside in Kentucky, any updated thoughts on going back for AMI?
William Spence: I'll ask Paul Thompson who heads up our LG&E and KU Business to answer that.
Paul Thompson: Yes. We continue to evaluate that and we have under the prior-commission ruling expanded our testing -- our pilot-testing work in both LG&E and KU, so we have now over 10,000 AMI meters in each utility. And to your question, really, we would anticipate currently that the next rate case, whenever that might be, maybe the time that we would put the AMI back into the request for approval on that.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks guys. That's all I had.
Paul Thompson: Thanks James.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Spence for any closing remarks.
William Spence: Thank you, operator, and thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with everyone on the third quarter earnings call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead
Andy Ludwig: Thank you, Robert. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter 2019 financial results. We have provided slides for this presentation in our earnings release issued this morning on the Investors section of our website.  Our presentation on earnings release, which we'll discuss during today's call, contains forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix of this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the appendix of this presentation and our earnings release. I'll now turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO
William Spence: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us for our first quarter earnings call. With me today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin; and Paul Thompson, the Heads of our U.S. Utility businesses; and Phil Swift, Head of our Western Power Distribution business in the U.K.  Moving to Slide 3. Our agenda this morning begins with highlights of our 2019 first quarter results, and a brief review of our operational and regulatory developments. Vince will then provide a more detailed review of first quarter earnings as well as an update on our foreign currency hedging status. As always, we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. Turning to Slide 4. Today, we announced first quarter reported earnings of $0.64 per share, in line with earnings from the same period a year ago. Adjusting for special items, the first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.70 per share compared with $0.74 per share a year ago. The decrease in ongoing earnings was driven primarily by share dilution and weather with lower earnings at PPL's U.S. segments, partially offset by higher earnings in the U.K. Vince will provide a more detailed overview in his remarks. PPL's performance in the first quarter keeps us solidly on-track to deliver on our 2019 earnings forecast of $2.30 per share to $2.50 per share. In addition, we remain on track to invest $3.3 billion in infrastructure improvements in 2019, as we work to make the grid smarter, more reliable and more resilient. We remain confident in our ability to execute our business plans moving forward. As a result, today, we reaffirmed our projection of 5% to 6% compound annual growth per share through 2020 measured against the midpoint of our regional 2018 earnings forecast. In addition, we reaffirmed our 2021 earnings forecast guidance of $2.50 to $2.80 per share.  Turning our focus to regulatory matters. Earlier this week, the Kentucky Public Service Commission authorized the combined revenue increase of $187 million for Kentucky Utilities and Louisville Gas and Electric, inclusive of elimination of $110 million bill credit associated with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. New rates took effect on May 1. And it's a decision the commission ruled on open issues and approved the settlement among the parties, including a 9.725% return on equity. The revenue increase approved by the commission will support continued investments in safe, reliable electricity as well as natural gas service for our customers. Also in Kentucky, we continue to advance a more sustainable generation fleet in the state with the retirement of an additional 300 megawatts of cold generation at the E.W. Brown facility in February, and initiated construction of the first 500 kilowatts section of the company's solar share program. Shifting to the U.K. We continue to engage with Ofgem regarding the rules that may shape the framework for the next rate control. That price control will begin in April of 2023 for electric distribution. In mid-March, PPL responded to Ofgem's RIIO-2 sector specific methodology consultation for the gas distribution, gas transmission and electric transmission networks.  While the current consultation does not apply to electricity distribution, and Ofgem has maintained that this consultation should not be read as applying to WPD or the other DNOs, we welcome the opportunity to express our views on a range of key issues that we see as critical for the overall RIIO-2 framework. We also welcome the opportunity to provide feedback that we've heard from our investors.  In the appendix to today's presentation, we summarized a number of the key points made in our response letter. Looking ahead to April of 2023 and beyond, we continue to believe that Ofgem will be focused on differentiating returns among the electricity distribution network operators while providing substantial opportunities for outstanding performers like WPD. In addition, we expect significant investment in growth opportunities for WPD over the next decade, as the DNOs work to support U.K. electrification and carbon reduction initiatives. This expectation is supported by continued policy developments in the U.K. In March, for example, the U.K. government's Chief Financial Minister announced plans to introduce a new future home standard, which prohibits gas heating systems in new homes beginning in 2025. This comes as the government looks to decarbonize heating. This move is expected to usher in a shift to energy efficient electric heat pumps. And like policy seeking a dramatic shift to electric vehicles in the U.K. by 2030, this policy is also expected to boost demand on our electricity networks. For our part, we continue to plan ahead for these and other changes.  In March, for example, our U.K. companies became the first DNOs to launch an electric vehicle infrastructure strategy. Developed with a wide range of stakeholders, the strategy lays out targeted commitments for 2019 and 2020 as well as innovative projects that WPD will pursue to ensure EV-charging can be accommodated efficiently and affordably on our local networks. Our plan projects that 217,000 EV chargers will be connected to the -- our network by 2023. And we believe there is potential for an even faster uptake that will be required to meet the U.K.'s 2040 deadline for banning sales of gasoline and diesel cars. This could translate into more than 3 million electric vehicles in WPD's service territory alone by 2030. All of this is expected to create additional investment opportunities for WPD in RIIO-ED2 compared to RIIO-ED1.  Turning to Slide 5. WPD continues to demonstrate the value of its strong operational performance for both our customers and our shareowners. All 4 of the DNOs continued their premier service for the recently concluded 2018, 2019 regulatory period, and have once again earned robust incentive revenues in return. WPD achieved over 80% of the potential maximum reward across all incentive categories, which equated to approximately $110 million for the regulatory period, which is better than our historic performance and expectations, as we continue our focus on delivering best-in-sector operational results.  WPD's operating companies also continue to improve on their already outstanding customer satisfaction performance, with each DNO earning a 9 out of 10 on customer satisfaction ratings. As you can see, the rest of the industry continues to elevate its performance as well under RIIO-ED1, with the peer average climbing to 8.8 from 8.7 a year ago. These results continue to highlight the overall value that the electricity distribution networks are providing to our customers. Moreover, WPD's results demonstrate that RIIO-ED1 is working well and delivering value to customers as we deliver on the business plan outputs that were developed through significant stakeholder engagement. We believe this evidence coupled with the significant investment opportunities from the U.K's. decarbonization initiatives positions WPD for continued success.  And we will continue to work with Ofgem to ensure our investors are appropriately compensated for providing the capital needed to support such investments.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Vince for a more detailed financial overview.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 6 for an overview of first quarter segment results. As Bill mentioned, PPL delivered first quarter 2019 earnings from ongoing operations of $0.70 per share, which was in line with expectations and positions us well to achieve our earnings forecast for the year.  Looking at the year-over-year walk, PPL's first quarter earnings from ongoing operations decreased by $0.04 per share from Q1 2018 primarily driven by $0.03 of share dilution and less favorable weather this quarter compared to last year. Weather was about $0.02 negative compared to Q1 2018, and about a $0.01 negative to budget for the quarter. Excluding dilution in weather, higher earnings at our U.K. segment were partially offset by lower earnings at our domestic businesses. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.42 per share in the first quarter of 2019, an $0.08 increase compared to the same period a year ago, excluding the impacts of dilution in weather. The increase in U.K. earnings was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins from higher prices as a result of the April 1, 2018, increase partially offset by lower sales volumes. Higher -- other income, due to higher pension income and higher realized foreign currency exchange rates compared to 2018 with Q1 2019 average rates of $1.34 per pound compared to $1.26 per pound in Q1 2018.  Moving to the Pennsylvania segment. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.17 per share in the first quarter of 2019, a $0.03 decrease compared to the first quarter of 2018, excluding dilution. This decrease was primarily due to lower adjusted gross margins, primarily due to reduced income taxes recovered in rates as a result of U.S. tax reform. This was $0.04, $0.02 in transmission, $0.02 in distribution, which was partially offset by returns on additional capital investments in transmission. Higher operation and maintenance expense, primarily due to storm related cost and higher depreciation expense due to additions to PP&E. Moving to the Kentucky segment. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.16 per share in the first quarter of 2019, a $0.02 decrease compared to the first quarter of 2018, excluding the impact of weather. This decrease was primarily due to higher operational and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense due to additions to PP&E. And finally, Corporate and Other declined by $0.02 per share primarily due to higher income taxes and other. Before I turn the call back over to Bill, let me just provide a quick update on our foreign currency hedging status on Slide 7. We maintained our hedging strategy consistent with our risk management program and layered on additional hedges since our last update. For the balance of 2019, we are 100% hedged for our ongoing earnings at an average rate of $1.41 per pound. For 2020, we increased our hedge percentage slightly to 55% using options, which preserves the upside to the currency. The new average rate for 2020 reflecting these options is $1.47 per pound.  We remain open in 2021 with the forward rates holding in the mid $1.30 per pound range. We will continue to asses the political and economic situation in the U.K. in the context of our hedging program, and we'll remain opportunistic in layering on additional hedges over time. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question and answer period.
William Spence: Thanks, Vince. As I mentioned PPL's solid performance during the first quarter keeps us on track to deliver on our 2019 earnings guidance. We continue to invest in infrastructure that both benefits customers as well as shareowners. And we remain well positioned to deliver on our future growth projections.  And with that, operator, let's open the call up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ali Agha of SunTrust.
Ali Agha: First question. As I recall, this month in the U.K., Ofgem is supposed to be firming up its cost of equity expectations for the gas and electric transmission companies. Obviously, not for you guys, but it's an early read on their thinking. Just wondering, based on your own conversations, et cetera, what are you expecting there? I think the thought from their last communication was that it may come down to as much as 4% starting point. So just curious what you're hearing? And what we should be expecting when that comes out?
William Spence: Sure. So as you indicated that the midpoint of the initial range that they had discussed was 3% to 5%, so 4%, and they have been seeking input on that number and the overall framework for the cost of capital. We had provided comments as well as many others. We've actually had several of our investors make lodge their own comments, particularly around the financial parameters and specifically around the ROE and the 4% being too low relative to the risk that we see on a go-forward basis within the U.K. Given that, I think that they have yet to -- they have not yet published their final ROE numbers. We would expect that to be -- at the end of this month is there target. So I don't know, Phil Swift, if there's anything else that you wanted to comment on? Phil's been very involved with this process as well as his team.
Philip Swift: No. There's no additional information Bill. The target for the consultation response was the end of the month. In fact, Ofgem were expected to publish all the responses and I don't know if they don't that of yet.
William Spence: Okay. Very good.
Ali Agha: I mean just from conversations you've had, do the comment that you and others have put in, are you getting a sense if that's making a difference? I mean any feedback from them on those conversations?
William Spence: Yes. Good question. I would say, no. I'll turn it over to Phil. That we had a more positive read across from the conversations we've had to them and recognition that to meet the U.K.'s goals on carbonizations were going to require a lot more investment in the electricity networks, very different perhaps from the gas networks. Phil, did you want to...
Philip Swift: Yes. The conversions we've had are very much around, we shouldn't read across directly, and that the -- there's recognition on the decarbonization objectives as alluded to there. And in terms of incentive income, very much. It's an open door at the moment to put forward potentially incentive-based ratings to get that return. But back into the area that it is currently. I am actually meeting with Ofgem's Director next Thursday. We were actually talking about those issues.
Ali Agha: I see. Separate question. When I look at your CapEx forecast and the corresponding rate base growth, there is a pretty big tapering off in the outer years. And I know in the past, you guys have talked about customer rate impacts is one of the impediments as you're thinking about planning out CapEx spend. Just wondering, are there ways for you to create headroom that could increase the spending in the outer years? And just potentially what is the pool of capital potentially that you could spend for improving the system, et cetera, that may not be currently reflected in these $15 billion five year forecast you've given us?
William Spence: Sure. Well, on the headroom question, obviously, part of that could be driven by the overall price of power, so to the extent that the commodity prices at the wholesale lever -- level drops, and we have seen natural gas prices fall, which in turn has driven power prices further down. And when that happens, that creates potential headroom for us. The other area is to the extent that we find cost savings on the operating and maintenance run. That can create some headroom that will allow us to put in more CapEx without potentially a significant increase in rates.  Having said that, with our capital plan that exist today, it only reflects the projects that we've identified to date, and there are certainly opportunities that we could act on in the future. And some of those that aren't in the 5-year plan, for example, we see -- or could be further enhanced are some great resiliency efforts both in Pennsylvania and Kentucky. We have the automated meter project in Kentucky, potential renewables expansion, I would say, just in general. There is other generation power-plant modifications in Kentucky that are required by new environmental regulations.  And for 2023 and beyond, we already talked about some of the electrification initiatives in the U.K. And as you know, our capital plans are essentially set already in the U.K. until the end of RIIO-ED2. So those are identified and known and not really subject to change per se.
Ali Agha: Yes. Bill, lastly, is there a way to just quantify this pool of capital? I know that not all of it will be spent, maybe none of it, but just to give us a sense of opportunity there.
William Spence: Sure, Vince, do you want to comment?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, I mean, Ali, it's hard to say how much, in total. I mean the AMS project alone is $350 million to $400 million. The ELG regulations coming out. We have a couple of hundred million in the plan, I think that could potentially require some additional funding there. Bill talked about just headroom in PA, or -- sorry around wholesale power prices that really effects PA more so than it does Kentucky. And as you know, in Pennsylvania, we're really -- the strategy there is to stay out of rate cases, certainly through the guidance period that we've provided, so there's already significant O&M. Management going on in PA to enable that strategy there. So it -- I think it's tough to read and put an overall number over the 5-year period, but there is some big chunks of numbers that we could see coming back in.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from Greg Orrill of UBS.
Gregg Orrill: What are you thinking about in terms of distributions from the U.K. in guidance?
William Spence: Sure, Vince. Do you want to -- distributions from the U.K.
Vincent Sorgi: We provided the range of $300 million to $500 million coming back from the U.K. over time, really no change at this point to that guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: I know this isn't directly impacting you guys, but it does impact your customers, I guess. And I think you guys made some comments on the nuclear legislation -- the proposed nuclear legislation in Pennsylvania. And I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit further about what you see happening there potentially? And your thoughts about it at this point.
William Spence: Sure, Paul. Just -- I'll make a couple of comments, and then I'll ask Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities here in Pennsylvania to provide a little perspective as well. We are certainly supportive of efforts to reduce carbon and maintain and grow jobs within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. We really have a question whether these subsidies to the entire nuclear sector in PA are the right answer. As proposed, our customers would see a significant rate increase. Greg has recently provided comments, both publicly in some op-eds as well as direct input to some of our legislators on a couple of other aspects of this. And Greg, maybe you want to highlight some of those key points.
Gregory Dudkin: Yes. Thanks, Bill. Yes, so from real high level, I guess, just as Bill mentioned, we firmly believe that nuclear to play a role in Pennsylvania's future. The last 20 years, the state is really -- the state's customers have really benefited from a very robust competitive market. And our concern, as Bill mentioned, is that the current proposals that are out there both in the House and the Senate would basically provide -- in our case, it would create a $140 million impact to our customers through subsidies of plants that need, but also a lot of other plants that don't necessarily need it. So our comments were that, hey, this is a very complicated issue, it really requires a lot of thinking. We suggested hearings. And those hearings are ongoing. There are hearings going on in the House and the Senate, which we really appreciate. So I think we're in the midst of deliberative process, and looking forward to a more holistic, I guess, solution to this.
William Spence: That, we'll see.
Gregory Dudkin: Time will tell, but that's the current setup.
Paul Patterson: So do you guys think that if the -- if legislations have come to transit, it's more likely to be sort of mean steps that I think is determined, they're using there in Harrisburg with respect to nuclear subsidies being awarded?
William Spence: We certainly heard a lot of other comments aside from our own that speak to requiring each of the plants to demonstrate the financial need for customer funded financial assistance. So I think that's likely to be somehow factored in, if not included directly in whatever legislative solution comes out, if one does come out. So it's talked a lot about. I don't -- we, obviously, are still somewhat early in the process. But I think there will be a lot more discussions to be held in the couple of weeks and perhaps months.
Operator: The next question once again comes from Abe Azar of Deutsche Bank.
Abe Azar: With the performance period now locked, what do you expect for pension revenue in the U.K. in 2021? And can you remind us what is embedded in the low end and the high end of the guidance range, please?
William Spence: Okay, sure. Overall, the impact that we expect is about $0.05 a share. Within that, I don't recall the exact range that we gave or is embedded. I don't know that we had it specifically identified in the low and the high end of arrangements.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So Abe, in 2020, we have about $0.20 -- $0.23 of pension deficit earnings and so that $0.05 would be about $0.18 in 2021. Our '21 guidance for all true-up mechanisms including pension deficit, interest under recovery, et cetera, was in that $0.05 to $0.10 range and that kind of balance the high and the low that we talked about.
Abe Azar: Got it. And then on the RIIO-2 sector-specific methodology, what would be a good outcome in the decision when it comes in the coming weeks? And what would be incrementally negative from your perspective?
William Spence: Well, I would say, a good outcome would be something that's fairly balanced, meaning that the financial parameters are improved from where they are today, which we think is not balanced. And that the overall incentive scheme is maintained with, I would say, incremental improvements, meaning, I don't think there is an attempt or should not probably be an outcome where Ofgem, kind of, blows up the incentive scheme per se, but hopefully improves upon it in a way that allows companies with the incentive mechanisms to achieve something we think is much more reasonable in line with what we've been earning, which is in the 9% to 10% ROE type range. So I don't know, on the downside, incrementally negative side, if you can think of anything, in particular. I think it be probably on the financial front or the ROE front, if they maintain, kind of, where they are, that would be, kind of, incrementally negative from our view.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I think the key for us, if the incentive income, which, obviously, gives us an opportunity to outperform in the sector. We have far more activity in distribution then they had in transmission and gas. So it isn't a direct read across, certainly maintaining a sensible package of incentives as what we'll be looking.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Paul has actually touched on the question that I had around Pennsylvania legislation, but is there any other options outside of a means test that would sort of satisfy what you're looking for? Or is it, sort of, more focused around the means test, which I guess, would just impact TMI?
William Spence: I think it's mostly focused around some kind of justification and some ongoing look. Should markets improve, we want to make sure that this -- whatever the subsidy, if there is one, that it is adjusted fairly on a go-forward basis. But I don't know, Greg, if you have any other thoughts on that?
Gregory Dudkin: No. I think that's good. So energy policy, as everybody knows, is very completed and, kind of, a way that's happening is sort of ad hoc. And I think everybody would agree it'll be better to have a comprehensive energy policy that would include factors of nuclear and renewables. So whether it's mean testing, whether it's other market mechanisms, I think that will be a better approach for all involved.
Shahriar Pourreza: Have you done -- just a follow-up, have you done any, sort of, studies or sensitivities around like, for instance, the TMI closing to rates?
William Spence: You mean, if it was just TMI...
Shahriar Pourreza: Right.
William Spence: The subsidy, what will the impact be to our customers.
Gregory Dudkin: So we have, of course, I don't -- yes, we have done that. I just don't remember what the number is.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. But was it a material impact or not?
Gregory Dudkin: Well, it's much less. It's all relativeness of your customer.
William Spence: Okay. With that, we appreciate everyone joining us on today's call. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 09:00:00) =====
Andy Ludwig: Thank you, Phil. Good morning everyone. And thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and year end 2018 financial results. We've provided slides for this presentation in our earnings release issued this morning on the investor section of our Web site. Our presentation and earnings release, which we will discuss during today's call, contain forward-looking statements about future operating results or other future events. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the appendix to this presentation and PPL's SEC filings for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. We will also refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the appendix of this presentation and our earnings release. I will now turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO. 
Bill Spence: Thank you, Andy and good morning everyone. We’re pleased that you joined us for our 2018 year-end earnings call. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin and Paul Thompson, the heads of our U.S. utility businesses; and Phil Swift, who is recently named Chief Executive of Western Power Distribution in the UK, following the unfortunate passing of Robert Simons in November. While we are deeply saddened by Robert's passing and he will be sorely missed, we are very fortunate to have Phil who has a wealth of experience with over 25 years at WPD. I have great confidence in Phil's ability to read our tremendous team there, and to continue the company's proven track record of outstanding execution established by Robert over the past 20 years. Moving to Slide 3. Our agenda this morning begins with a brief overview of 2018 results and PPL's business outlook for 2019. I will also provide a brief update on key regulatory developments. Vince will then provide a more detailed financial review of 2018 and 2019 and a discussion on our earnings guidance for 2021. As always, we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. Turning to Slide 4, 2018 marked another successful year for PPL as we delivered on our strategy of best in sector operational performance, investing in a sustainable energy future, maintaining a strong financial foundation and engaging and developing our people. We closed the year with strong operational and financial results. As announced earlier today, we achieved the high-end of our 2018 ongoing earnings forecast range or $2.40 per share. 2018 was the ninth consecutive year that we exceeded the midpoint of our guidance. It was the second straight year that we achieved the high-end of our forecast. We’re very proud of this track record of financial performance. It reflects our emphasis on execution and operational excellence across the regulated businesses, which included minimizing regulatory lag and achieving the allowed returns set by each regulatory jurisdiction, which we accomplished in 2018. This was paramount in delivering a 7% increase in ongoing earnings from 2017 results, while also strengthening the balance sheet post tax reform. Focused on maintaining a strong financial foundation, we completed 1.7 billion equity forward to mitigate tax reform impacts, strengthened future credit metrics and support our solid investment grade credit rating. As for investing in a sustainable energy future, we successfully completed about 3.5 billion of infrastructure improvements in 2018. In Pennsylvania, we installed approximately 1.2 million new meters, keeping us well on pace to conclude our advanced metering project in 2019. We also continued to strengthen our transmission system to improve grid security and resiliency. In Kentucky, we continued to make progress on a multiyear project to cap and close ash ponds at our coal-fired power plants. We ramped up investment in smart grid technology on our distribution and transmission systems to quickly detect outages and restore power. And we put the finishing touches on a modernization project at our Ohio Falls hydroelectric facility, increasing the generating capacity from 80 to 100 megawatts. In the UK, we executed on our asset replacement and thought management plans. We continued to incorporate more automation on our networks and advanced numerous low carbon network projects to enable increased adoption of distributed energy resources. In addition to delivering strong financial results through our infrastructure investments, we continued to make progress in pursuit of our strategy to deliver best in sector operational performance. Our utilities remained among the very best for customer satisfaction in the regions we serve. Both PPL Electric Utilities and Kentucky Utilities received J.D. Power awards for residential customer satisfaction, achieving the highest overall marks in their respective categories and regions based on customer surveys. These achievements represent the 46th and 47th J.D. Power awards earned by our domestic utility. Meanwhile, our four UK distribution network operating companies remains the top four performers in Ofgem's Broad Measure of Customer Satisfaction for the regulatory year ended March of 2018. WPD also ranked best among UK operators and stakeholder engagement, and addressing vulnerable customers, which are important areas for Ofgem, and they did this for the seventh straight year. At the same time, safety and reliability across our businesses remain strong in 2018. All three of our domestic utility companies were recognized as top quartile of public utilities nationwide and limiting the average number of outages per customer. In addition and for the second straight year, PPL electric posted its best year ever for safety. These achievements reflect the common purpose and desire across our businesses to deliver without fail for our customers, to exceed their expectations and to improve performance each and every day. On the regulatory front, I would like to highlight our efforts in Pennsylvania in establishing a means for alternative rate making for state utilities. We view this as a very important piece of legislation as it grants the ability to develop additional regulatory mechanisms such as decoupling and incentive-based rates. Also in 2018, we continued to invest in our employees, developing the pipeline of future leaders and fostering a more inclusive and encouraging innovation among our employees. While we need to continuously focus attention in this area, I’m proud to report that PPL was recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America's best employers in 2018. Our Pennsylvania operations were also recognized as best places to work for disability inclusion and received a perfect score of 100% on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index. Turning to our 2019 outlook on Slide 5. Today, we initiated formal 2019 earnings guidance of $2.30 a share to $2.50 a share. Vince will take you through a detailed walk of 2018 actual to the 2019 forecast earnings later in his remarks. Our projected 2019 results keep us firmly on track to achieve the 5% to 6% growth target for ongoing EPS through 2020, which we reaffirmed today. We also initiated a projected earnings guidance range of $2.50 to $2.80 per share for 2021. Turning to our dividend. Today, we announced we are raising the annualized dividend of $1.65 per share. PPL has paid the dividends in every quarter since 1946. In addition, the company has increased its dividend 17 times over the past 18 years. We remain committed to dividend growth as it is an important piece of our overall share in a return proposition. We will continue to assess the rate at which we grow the dividend in the context of our yield and payout ratio relative to peers. In terms of network investment for 2019, we plan to put another $3.3 billion into our utilities, which we continue to support the efforts to improve the customer experience and resiliency of the grid. As reflected in our 2018 results, our investments are driving better operational performance. We expect this trend to continue as we make these additional investments. Finally, we will remain focused on achieving balanced regulatory outcomes that will benefit our customers and our shareowners. In Kentucky, our rate review which seeks a combined revenue increase of $172 million continues to proceed as scheduled before the Kentucky Public Service Commission. Our rate requests are being made to support additional capital investments to make the grid smarter, stronger and more resilient, to replace aging natural gas lines and to support additional power plant performance and reliability improvements. All these investments are expected to further improve service to our customers. In the UK, we continued work with Ofgem to develop the rules that maybe used to shape the framework for the next price control, which begins in 2023 for electric distribution utilities. Turning to Slide 6, we wanted to clarify and outline some observations about Ofgem's recent RIIO-2 consultation document that pertains to the electric transmission and gas subsectors. That consultation document, which was issued in December, does not apply to electricity distribution network operators, including our UK company, Western Power Distribution or WPD. In addition, it does not impact WPD's current business plans that extend through March of 2023 or it does not impact WPD's operations. It is important to note that this is a consultation and Ofgem is seeking comment from a wide variety of stakeholders to ensure the best outcome. The comment period on that consultation ends March 14, 2019 with a decision expected by Ofgem in May. In that consultation document, the proposed returns for gas and transmission were lower than we expected. They are based on current market conditions and other proposed methodologies on which Ofgem is seeking input and comments. Also in that document, Ofgem proposes to index the cost of equity to risk-free rates, which are currently negative in the UK. Given we are years away from settling our tariffs or setting them for the electric distribution sector and market rates are currently near record lows, we believe there is potential upside from current market conditions in terms of the cost of equity that we will be receiving in RIIO-ED2. We also expect that incentives will play a significant role in RIIO-2 based on the subsector consultation. We recognize that this will be an area of key debate as it represents a significant opportunity in driving operational efficiency and returns. While it's not clear how incentives will be structured for electric distribution networks at this time, we expect that Ofgem will be more focused on differentiating returns and provide substantial opportunities for the top performers. WPD is well-positioned with its strong track record of superior customer service and reliability. Further, we see ample opportunity for continued RAV growth through RIIO-2 to support replacement of aging infrastructure and the investment demands of UK electrification and carbon reduction initiatives. PPL and WPD will continue to monitor Ofgem's RIIO-2 consultation process and provide input and engage with Ofgem to ensure the best outcomes for all stakeholders. Lastly, even though the current consultation for transmission and gas does not apply to WPD, we would still encourage our investors and others to provide their feedback and views to Ofgem on this consultation. It is critically important that Ofgem hears from all stakeholders during the consultation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince for a more detailed financial overview. Vince?
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Bill and good morning everyone. Let's move to Slide 8 for a brief financial overview before I get into the details. Regarding 2018, I will focus my prepared remarks this morning on the full year results. Please refer to the news release for additional details on the fourth quarter results. Today, we announced 2018 reported earnings of $2.58 per share compared to $1.64 per share a year ago. 2018 reported earnings reflect net special item benefits of $0.18 per share, primarily due to unrealized foreign currency economic hedges. 2017 reported results reflect net special item expenses of $0.61 per share, primarily due to the impact of U.S. tax reform and the unrealized foreign currency economic hedges. Adjusting for these special items, 2018 earnings from ongoing operations were $2.40 per share compared to $2.25 per share a year ago. A solid execution of our business plan and benefits from weather during the year enabled us to achieve the high-end of our ongoing earnings guidance range. Looking at 2019, as Bill indicated, we announced formal guidance of $2.30 to $2.50 per share. As you may recall, we accelerated the timing of some planned equity issuances into 2018 and 2019 as a result of U.S. tax reform to support our credit metrics and significant capital investment program. While this results in higher dilution in 2018 and 2019, we continue to expect 5% to 6% compound annual EPS growth through 2020 based on the 2018 original ongoing earnings guidance midpoint of $2.30 per share. In addition, we continue to project growth through 2021 and have initiated a guidance range of $2.50 and $2.80 per share, which I'll discuss in detail in few moments. Turning to Slide 9 for a detailed review of 2018 financial results. Overall, we continue to deliver strong year-over-year earnings growth at each of our operating companies, driven by our substantial investment and ability to earn our allowed returns. Excluding the $0.07 per share impact from dilution, 2018 financial results grew nearly 10% from 2017 results. The primary drivers for the year-over-year increase are higher adjusted gross margins, the higher foreign currency translation rate and higher pension income for the UK segment. The positive drivers were partially offset by higher income taxes, higher O&M, higher depreciation and higher financing costs. A portion of the adjusted gross margin increase was driven by higher sales volumes due to whether of about $0.11 per share, primarily at our domestic utility. Turning to the individual segment drivers starting with the UK. Our UK regulated segment earned $1.36 per share, a $0.12 year-over-year increase excluding dilution. This increase was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margin driven by the April 1, 2018 price increase, higher foreign currency exchange rates in 2018 compared to 2017 of $0.13 and other, primarily due to an increase in expected pension asset returns on higher asset balances. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher O&M and higher income taxes, primarily due to higher U.S. income taxes as a result of 2017 U.S. tax benefit from accelerated pension contributions and the reduction in tax benefits on holding company interest expense due to the lower federal tax rate resulting from U.S. tax reform. In Pennsylvania, we earned $0.62 per share, a 13% year-over-year increase excluding dilution. This increase was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins of $0.15 per share, primarily resulting from results on additional transmission capital investments, higher distribution sales volumes, including $0.03 due to weather and higher zonal peak load. Note that adjusted gross margins for both Pennsylvania and Kentucky reflect the impact of lower collected taxes and revenues, which is offsetting taxes and driving the significant tax benefit reflected on the slide. Higher adjusted gross margins in Pennsylvania were partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to asset additions and higher financing costs. Turning to our Kentucky regulated segment, we earned $0.59 per share in 2018, a $0.04 year-over-year increase from 2017 excluding the impact of dilution. This increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted gross margins of $0.16 per share, excluding the effect of tax reform that is offset in tax. The increase in gross margins was driven by higher sales volumes, primarily due to favorable weather of $0.06, higher base electricity and gas rates effective July 1, 2017 and returns on additional environmental capital investments. This was partially offset by higher O&M expense and higher depreciation expense due to asset additions. Turning to corporate and other. We experienced a $0.07 decrease driven by higher taxes due to reduced tax benefit as a result of lower taxes yield on holding company interest expense and higher financing costs. Moving to our 2019 outlook on Slide 10. We began with our strong 2018 and adjust for the significant weather benefits experienced this past year, which results in 2018 whether normalized ongoing earnings of $2.32 per share. All units add as a base in explaining the year-over-year drivers for comparability purposes. From that base, we project earnings per share growth at each of our segments, excluding $0.13 of dilution as a result of settling the remaining 43 million shares of common stock under our forward equity sales agreements that we completed in May of 2018. You will see on the Slide that we detailed the $0.13 of dilution by segment. Looking at the operational drivers, excluding the dilution. In the UK statement segment, we expect to deliver higher earnings of $0.13 per share compared to 2018. This increase is expected to result from higher gross margins, primarily driven by an April 1, 2019 price increase, a higher foreign currency exchange rate and other primarily due to pension. This is partially offset by higher interest expense from incremental debt issuances and higher income taxes. In Pennsylvania, we are projecting higher earnings of $0.02 per share. Higher transmission margins and lower O&M expenses are expected to be partially offset by higher depreciation due to continued capital investments. In Kentucky, we are projecting a $0.04 increase in earnings per share. This is expected to be driven by higher adjusted gross margins, primarily driven by higher base electricity and gas rates and return on additional environmental capital investments. This is partially offset by higher ONM expenses, higher depreciation and higher interest expense due to planned debt issuance. Turning to Slide 11. Today, we initiated a guidance range for 2021 of $2.50 to $2.80 per share. Our high-level underlying assumptions are reflected on this slide, which begin with our rate base and returns. Rate base continues to grow at a steady pace of 5% to 6% given the substantial investment opportunities we have at each of the utilities. In terms of ROE, our teams have done an excellent job of maintaining strong returns at or near their allowed levels through cost management, utilization of favorable recovery mechanisms and achieving performance initiatives. We are confident that we will continue to execute at that high-level as we have demonstrated consistently. We have also updated our assumptions regarding UK pension, interest under recovery and various others true-up mechanisms under the UK regulatory framework. In total, we are projecting these adjustments to impact 2021 earnings in a range of negative $0.05 to negative $0.10 per share compared to 2020's estimated earnings. In terms of foreign currency for 2021, we’re using a range of $1.35 on the low side and $1.60 on the high side. A $1.35 represents forward rates and the low end of our bank forecast for 2021, a $1.60 reflects the higher end of the bank forecast for '21 and the historical average for the GDP rate. I will touch on our foreign currency hedging status in a few moments. Overall, our expense activity on a fully open position remains at about a penny change in the currency rate keep growing up a penny change in EPS. Moving to Slide 12, our planned capital expenditures for 2019 through 2023 are detailed on the slide with infrastructure investment totaling $14.5 billion over the period. In the UK, we’re projecting over $5.5 billion of capital investments over the next five years. There has not been significant changes to our UK capital plan as those have already been accepted by Ofgem through the end of RIIO-ED1. As we think about future spending beyond the current price control period, the electric distribution sector will have significant opportunities to deploy incremental capital given the UK's electrification initiatives. Turning to Pennsylvania. We are projecting about $4.5 billion of investment over the next five years with the majority of the investment in transmission as we continue our focus on grade resiliency and modernization. There are also no significant changes to report in our Pennsylvania capital plan with a slight increase, driven by additional reliability in other projects in providing our electric service to our customers. Finally, in Kentucky, we are projecting more than $4.5 billion of investment over that period. We made a few changes to the Kentucky capital plan in this update. First, we included some incremental infrastructure projects and some environmental spending related to compliance with fluid limitation guidelines. In total, this was about $425 million of incremental capital. However, we also updated the Kentucky capital plan to remove about $275 million for the advanced metering system project. We continue to believe the AMS project will benefit our customers, and we expect to continue to seek approval from KPSC for this project. Similar to prior years, we only included identified projects with the high probability of certainty in our capital plan. We will update our capital plan at the appropriate time for normal course along with any additional capital spending opportunities across our utilities as we often identify projects during the execution of our plan. Let’s move to Slide 13 to close with a discussion on our foreign currency strategy. As we outlined at the beginning of 2018, our foreign currency hedge percentages are back within the rolling 36 month targeted ranges established under our risk management framework. As a reminder, those hedge ranges are as follows; 70% to 100% hedge for the next 12 months; 30% to 70% for the second 12 months; and 0% to 30% hedged for the third 12 months. We remain fully hedge through 2019 and about 50% hedged for 2020 at hedge rates well above current market rates, which should support our earnings translation through the volatile period surrounding Brexit. We continue to believe that there will be upside to the current rates as we move past the political uncertainty in the UK. We will continue to be opportunistic in our hedging execution as we have done historically. You can see on the right side of the page that most bank forecast remain above the current forwards, especially for 2021. We continue to maintain our budgeted rate for open positions at $1.40 per pound for 2020. And as I mentioned earlier, we are using a range of $1.35 to $1.60 per pound for the low and high ranges of our 2021 guidance. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period.
Bill Spence: Thanks, Vince. In closing, PPL delivered another strong performance in 2018 as we continue to execute on our strategy for growth and operational excellence. Once again, we delivered strong financial results. We executed on our financing plan and positioned the company well post tax reform. We provided award-winning customer service and reliability to our more than 10 million customers. With an eye towards the future, we invested in infrastructure to make the grid smarter, more reliable and more resilient, and to advance a cleaner energy future. We continue to deliver on our commitments to customers and shareowners and we will continue to deliver long-term value for those who invest in PPL. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the call up for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: My first question comes back to one of the assumptions you've made for 2021, which has UK pension income and a couple of other factors. Just wanted to get a sense of how much UK pension income are you currently booking? And that negative $0.05 to $0.10 you assumed in '21. Is that primarily pension income reduction or is it the other factors driving it? And also when will you know for certain what the pension income will be for 2021?
Bill Spence: Let me start and then I'll turn part of this over to Vince. We’re expecting about a negative $0.05 impact from the pension deficit in our base case, so that that is the number that's really associated directly with the pension deficit. As you noted, there are some other drivers which are some other true ups that could impacted, but that's the primary amounts and the $0.05 what’s built into the base case for now. Relative to the amounts that we’re collecting it's about $180 million of revenue that we're collecting in pension deficit funding. Based on the current assumptions and as Vince noted, the lower asset returns and balances we believe are still going to require continued deficit funding certainly over the next several years. So just for sensitivity purposes, as we noted, we stressed another $0.05 in the low case. So the primary drivers to the high and low guidance range that we gave are the FX and UK pension and other true ups, which we discussed. Relative to the more detailed question, I'll turn it over to Vince.
Vince Sorgi:
, :
Bill Spence: And I guess just to conclude the thought here on the pension deficit. We’re not expecting that the entire amount of the pension deficit would go way through the ED1 process. So we think there could be the negative impacts some reductions but certainly don't believe at this point that the majority of it would go away.
Ali Agha: Second question, Vince, just looking at the -- or Bill for that matter. The dividend increase when I compare it to the last couple of year, it was much more modest. Just again wanted to get a sense of your thinking on the dividend and what brought it to a substantially lower growth rate than what we’ve been seeing the last couple of years?
Vince Sorgi: I think it's not just one factor, there is couple of factors. Maybe the first is we look at the dividend in the context of the overall total return that we expect to deliver to the shareowners. And currently with the 5.5% EPS growth and the almost 5.5% dividend growth, we’re looking at about an 11% total return for shareholders, which we think puts us in the top quartile of the peer group. So we think that that's competitive overall with the peer group. The second factor that we typically look at is the payout ratio compared to our peer group. And we're currently at nearly 70% payout, so that's on the high end of the peer group. So we'd like to work that down more in line with peers over time. So those are two of several factors that go into our thought process.
Ali Agha: Last question, Bill, again to you. As it currently relates to UK assets, just wondering are there any other proactive strategic options still left on the table worth looking at, or is it more a sense of just keep executing hunkering down and letting the uncertainties play themselves out over time?
Bill Spence: As I previously have mentioned, we continuously look for opportunities to create shareowner value as we've really done over the past decade. And if there is a clear and compelling path that we can take to drive additional value for the shareowners, we are certainly going to consider it. And I think our track record has clearly demonstrated that. So I think we continue to operate exceptionally well and believe the current business mix and plan is going to generate long-term shareowner value. And certainly, I believe we have a very strong business plan with significant rate base and earnings growth and a very competitive dividend. So I don't think we're compelled to react hastily to political or regulatory aspects that quite frankly are out of our control and take options that might destroy shareowner value not created. So we continue to look at that but that at the moment, nothing clear and compelling to drive additional value for shareowners.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Greg Gordon: I think you mentioned the question of the pension pretty well. But when you look at the drivers that the overall set of drivers that that $0.05 to $0.10 range, are there other offsetting things in there that are actually positives like thinking about the level of negative delta associated with interest? So I know people tend to be hyper-focused on like this, oh, we can lose $0.20 on the pension. Are there other things going from '20 to '21 in that driver basket that actually could be positive drivers that mitigate that, and having less of a pension deficit?
Vince Sorgi: So a couple of things I would point to. One is and you alluded to it as inflation. To the extent that inflation is driving the RPI or CPI in the UK upwards, which it has been, that's actually a positive, because that creates incremental revenue for us. And certainly, we've seen some benefit from that here lately. I think also incremental cost efficiency, we've done an excellent job, both in the UK and in the domestic utilities, to really try to take cost out wherever we can and that’s certainly an area that we're going to continue to look at. I think the other things are customer and load growth. I think you see that with our year end 2018 on a weather adjusted basis, we did see some uptick in low growth. I'm not sure that that's indicative of what we're going to see going forward but built into our plan is actually slightly negative will grow. So certainly anything flat to positive will be upside to the current plan. And then of course regulatory outcomes could always, whether it'd be in Kentucky or Pennsylvania could help lift earnings higher as well. So those are just to set some of the other ones that I would add and potentially incremental CapEx towards the back end of the plan. As Vince mentioned, our CapEx plan is really just based on specific projects that we already know about and have high confidence that we can execute on. But I'm sure that there will be additional incremental CapEx as we look towards the back end of the plan.
Greg Gordon: And my next question goes to the attestations you're making with regard to your views on the trajectory of what the negotiation with Ofgem will look like on RIIO-ED2, differences between the way distribution will be -- might be treated versus the way it appears at least with the outset transmission and gas are being treated. When you look at where this 3% number that they are testing to starting at in terms of ROE. How do you think about walking that up to what you think you'll really be what the real earnings opportunity is going to look like? Because I think in prior conversations you've talked about how that really masks an opportunity when you add everything up to get back to the types of returns on equity that are consistent with what we earn here in the U.S.?
Bill Spence: So starting from that base, number one would be probably an expectation that we’re not going to be in a negative risk-free return environment by the time our ROE is actually set. So that would be probably point number one. Point number two would be the upside potential from incentive revenue that we've had a long history of doing very, very well at. The third element would probably be the shift from fast flat to slow flat , putting more of our revenue into the, if you want to call it, the fast flat, the operating and maintenance bucket and a little bit less in the CapEx for slow flat bucket. And I believe that would have been about $140 million that we shifted at about 10% in the current RIIO-ED1 regulatory process. Other potential upsides we know that Ofgem is going to have a keen focus on how do they incentivize the electric distribution companies to meet some of the clean energy objectives, policy objectives, in the UK. And we believe that's going to result in some other opportunities, whether that'd be CapEx or otherwise. But also in our case, the one element that we do have that we mentioned earlier on the pension deficit funding that’s $180 million that could be converted from arguably less quality earnings to more higher quality earnings through additional CapEx that we could spend and still not raise customer rates, because of that production coming off the pension deficit we can replace it with something that's going to be longer-term an earnings drivers. So those are I would say the major drivers as we look to RIIO-ED2, which again doesn't start for us until April 2023.
Vince Sorgi: Bill, maybe just a couple additional comments. So Greg, when you look at the expected ROREs, which are the RIIO returns in the gas sector, they're projected to be close to 11% for the electric distribution sector, it's projected to be under 9.5%. So I don't think you're necessarily going to see the same level of adjustment for the electric distribution companies as what’s been contemplated for gas. We've in our conversations with Ofgem and they've made it clear in the consultation that this does not apply to electric distribution. They've affirmed that to us in our direct conversations with them. And as Bill said, I think we all agree that there will be additional capital requirements going into electric distribution in RIIO2 as compared to RIIO1, all the electrification needs. And so again our sense is that Ofgem will ultimately for the electric distribution companies come out with their returns to incentivize that investment.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold: I think most of my questions have been answered. But I’m just curious in your comments on your approach to hedging and the currency. How long will you wait before you start looking in some more of 2020 and start on 2021? And how much flexibility do you have within the policy?
Bill Spence: We do have quite a bit of flexibility. But Vince, maybe you can give some color around that.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, our current projection would suggest that we would need to start layering in around April to be remained compliant with the policy.
Jonathan Arnold: April of '19?
Bill Spence: Correct, for hedges beginning in the backend of 2020.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Michael Lapides: Just a little confused about the 2021 guidance, and then have a question about rate base and cash flow. On the '21 guidance, your range includes an FX range that honestly we haven’t seen in a couple of years. We haven’t seen that since the middle of 2016. So if I would just say what's used current today, you would be at the very low end of the guidance range. Is that the right way to think about it or are there other puts and takes in there?
Bill Spence: Go ahead, Vince, I will let you take that one.
Vince Sorgi: I think that if you just adjust that assumption on its own, it would suggest that Michael. But I would be hesitant to confirm that conclusion, because of all the items that Bill talked about before. So, the regulatory outcomes in Kentucky could come out better than what we are projecting. Again, we use pretty conservative assumptions when we model some of this base stuff out. And so customer and load growth were flat for Kentucky, slightly negative for PA. If we determine that, the solid sales growth that we’re seeing in 2018, is not just the weather anomaly and that actually continues going forward. That would provide some upside to that base number. Again, we talked about the additional capital investment as we go through the plan, none of that is built into the low end of the range. So of course, we have O&M and inflation assumption in there. So, I wouldn’t necessarily say that if it stayed at 135 we would only be it at 250 in 2021. But clearly, that’s the assumption we put into that low end of the range.
Bill Spence: And I would say just the mixture of that put a point on this, the $1.35. We've certainly seen that number in the forwards for post Brexit. So I think you were probably, Michael, referring to the $1.60 to high end, we haven’t seen since Brexit. So I just want to be clear. And that number is really informed by two things; one is, some bank forecasts that we've seen; and the second is that had been, prior to Brexit, I think around the 10 year average of actually, I think the 10 year average was slightly higher, maybe around $1.65. So, I think it has some basis for our forecast in reality assuming that Brexit is behind us by the time we get to 2021.
Michael Lapides: And then a question on rate base and cash flow. It seems that you’re moderating your rate base growth a little base growth as you extend for the year versus what you gave out at EEI. Is it right to think about one of two things is happening; A, there's just not that much clarity on the back end of the forecasting. Meaning, four or five years is a long way out, CapEx could change a lot between now and then; and two, would that imply that pay, even if rate base growth does slow, it means cash flow would pick up. And if so, how would you utilize that extra cash?
Vince Sorgi: So actually under the existing capital plan that we've presented, we've become cash flow positive in the back end of the plan to you point Michael. And so really that additional cash is reducing the amount of debt and equity that we need to fund the CapEx plan. So at this point that cash would still be utilized to feed the capital.
Michael Lapides: Meaning, it would be utilized to fund the CapEx and potentially to de-lever up top of the holding company?
Vince Sorgi: Correct.
Operator: The next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Praful Mehta: I just wanted to follow up on the strategic question that was addressed earlier around WPD. You had mentioned that you always look at strategic options as you've done in the past. Just wanted to check, the key constraint always seem to be the tax angle, right, the tax leakage that was related with any strategic transaction around WPD. Has anything changed around that or are there new options that have come up that may limit the tax leakage, in which case, there are more options to consider, or is it status quo around the tax leakage point?
Bill Spence: On the tax leakage, it's pretty much status quo. We have investigated many times different structures and alternatives that would significantly reduce the tax leakage, and none of those to-date at least have made it still shareowner positive, meaning, we're not destroying shareowner value. The other item that we talked about on one of the previous calls was that credit act of the sale -- the potential sale of WPD as being negative as well. So, there'd be both a tax and a credit impact that we'd have to overcome to make this shareowner accretive or in benefit for the shareowners.
Praful Mehta: And so no such solution exists at this point based on your review?
Bill Spence: Correct, none at this point.
Praful Mehta: And then secondly, on the rate base side, you have -- we were just comparing the rate base at EEI or the guidance on the rate base at EEI versus rate base guidance in your -- in your presentation today, and it looks like it's lowered a little bit. Is that -- firstly, is there anything specific on the reason driving it, is it just timing of CapEx or is there something else that should -- that we should be thinking about around the rate base projections going forward?
Bill Spence: There's not really anything major or specific, other than I would say, I believe, we've taken out Advanced Metering project in Kentucky. So that was a fairly sizable one and maybe some of the other projects that were probably lower probability projects that could come back into the plan. But I think it's just -- as we roll forward. It's just refining the numbers that we presented at EEI. And since EEI, we've had more planning done and we've presented our CapEx to our Board of Directors and had the latest numbers approved. So it's really kind of an update, a more specific update than we had at EEI.
Vince Sorgi: Praful, it's really just the math of dropping off a $3.5 billion a year and adding a $2.5 billion a year at the back end until we identify additional capital to be spent out there. So it's really, really just that.
Praful Mehta: Got you, super helpful. Appreciate it. Thanks so much guys.
Bill Spence: Thank you. Well, thanks everyone for joining today's call and we look forward to talking with you on the first quarter call.
Operator: Okay. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Ludwig - PPL Corp. William H. Spence - PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp. Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Corporation
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note that this event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Andy Ludwig - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Louise, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter results as well of our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the press release, which has been posted on our website and furnished to the SEC. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us for our third quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin and Paul Thompson, the heads of our U.S. utility businesses, and Phil Swift, Head of our Operations at Western Power Distribution in the UK. Moving to slide 3, given we will see many of you at EEI in a little over a week, we plan to keep our prepared remarks brief this morning. Our agenda begins with highlights of our 2018 third quarter results, including an update to our 2018 earnings guidance. This will then provide an overview of our third quarter 2018 segment earnings results. As always, we'll leave ample time to answer your questions at the end. Turning to slide 4, today, we announced strong third quarter reported earnings of $0.62 per share, resulting in a total of $2.01 per share to the first nine months of 2018. Adjusting for special items, primarily related to unrealized gains on our UK earnings hedges, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.59 per share, up over 5% from the $0.56 per share a year ago. On a year-to-date basis through September, ongoing earnings were $1.88 per share, up about 11% from the $1.70 per share a year ago, driven by higher earnings across all of our business segments. Given our strong year-to-date results, we have further narrowed our 2018 guidance range from $2.30 per share to $2.40 per share, raising the midpoint to $2.35 from $2.33 per share. In addition to delivering these strong financial results in the third quarter, we took steps at our Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities businesses to support continued infrastructure investment that benefit our customers. LG&E and KU filed rate requests with the Kentucky Public Service Commission on September 28, seeking approval for a combined revenue increase of about $170 million in electricity and gas-based rates. A more detailed breakdown of our rate requests can be found in the appendix of today's presentation. The requested increases will support continued monetization of the grid to strengthen grid resilience as well as upgrades to LG&E's natural gas system to enhance safety and reliability. In addition, the increases will support continued investment in our power plants to improve performance and minimize our impact on the environment. Our rate request also includes a proposed Green Tariff, aimed at spurring renewable energy growth and economic development in Kentucky. The Green Tariff will roll LG&E and KU's existing Green Energy program and solar offerings into one tariff to attract and retain businesses seeking these types of options. If approved by the Commission, LG&E and KU's requested revenue increases would take effect in May of 2019. Even with the increases associated with these proposed investments, LG&E and KU rates would remain well below national averages. Shifting the focus to Pennsylvania, PPL Electric Utilities ranked among the top 10% of utilities nationwide in a key reliability measure according to a report issued in the third quarter. The report issued by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers found PPL Electric had a lower rate of power outages than all but 5 of 93 utilities nationwide and the lowest outage frequency of utilities tracked in the Mid-Atlantic region. It's also worth noting that LG&E and KU are ranked in the top quartile nationally in terms of outage frequency according to the same report. This achievement reflects the value of PPL Electric's continued investments in smart grid technology, power line upgrades, vegetation management and data analytics that help drive improvement. The company's reliable service also has led to higher customer satisfaction. In the area of power quality and reliability, for example, PPL Electric Utilities ranked third in customer satisfaction in a recent national survey. These are just a couple of examples of the excellent operational performance we continue to demonstrate across all of our businesses. And it's that strong performance that gives us confidence in our ability to achieve 5% to 6% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2018 through 2020, measured against our original 2018 ongoing earnings midpoint. Looking ahead, we remain well positioned to deliver both competitive earnings growth and a secure and growing dividend for our shareowners. With that, I'll now turn it over to Vince for more a detailed financial overview.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on slide 6 with an overview of third quarter segment results. PPL's third quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased by $0.03 per share over the prior year, driven by higher earnings in the UK and Pennsylvania segments. As a result of the warmer weather during the third quarter, we saw higher volumes in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky, which resulted in a $0.03 per share benefit for the quarter compared to 2017. Corporate and Other was lower by $0.05 per share, primarily due to higher income tax expenses, which includes the timing impact of recording annual estimated taxes in 2017. Through the first nine months of the year, earnings are $0.18 higher than the prior year due to higher adjusted gross margins at our U.S. segments and higher currency rates and pension income in the UK. On a year-to-date basis, weather has now contributed $0.11 of favorable earnings per share versus the prior year and $0.07 favorable compared to our original forecast. I'll also note that in September, we drew down approximately $520 million from the May equity forward transaction, resulting in a total of $0.04 of dilution year-to-date versus last year. We expect to draw the remaining portion of the equity in 2019. And as Bill mentioned, PPL's continued strong performance in 2018 enables us to narrow the guidance range and increase the midpoint to $2.35 per share. Let's move to a more detailed review of the segment earnings drivers, starting with the UK results on slide 7. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.30 per share in Q3 2018, a $0.06 increase compared to a year ago. The increase in U.K. earnings was primarily due to higher foreign currency exchange rates compared to 2017 as the realized weighted average exchange rate for Q3 2018 was $1.34 per pound compared to $1.18 per pound in Q3 2017, higher adjusted gross margins due to the April 1, 2018, price increase and higher other income due to pensions. These positive drivers were partially offset by dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving to Pennsylvania on slide 8, our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.16 per share in the third quarter of 2018, a $0.03 increase versus a year ago. Excluding the impacts on margins from lower income tax recovery, our Pennsylvania segment delivered higher adjusted gross margins of about $0.03 per share due to higher transmission margins from additional capital investments and higher distribution margins from increased electricity sales, primarily due to weather. The positive margins were partially offset by higher depreciation from additional utility plant additions. Consistent with prior quarters this year, our results reflect an offsetting variance due to the estimated income tax savings for our customers from U.S. tax reform, reflected in both adjusted gross margins and income taxes of $0.04. Moving to Kentucky on slide 9, our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.17 per share in the third quarter of 2018, a $0.01 decrease compared to a year ago. Excluding the impacts on margins from lower income tax recovery, Kentucky's adjusted gross margin was higher by about $0.02 from higher sales volumes due to favorable weather and returns on additional environmental capital investments. This positive variance was more than offset by higher O&M and dilution of $0.01 per share. Similar to our Pennsylvania segment, there are offsetting variances for the quarter in the adjusted gross margin and income tax line items of approximately $0.04 per share due to tax reform. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period. Bill.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Thank you, Vince. In closing, PPL's strong performance continued in the third quarter as we executed on our strategy for growth and success. Once again, we delivered solid financial results for the quarter and once again, we increased the midpoint of our annual guidance. Our strong financial and operational performance highlights the value of our investments and what they're delivering to both our customers and our shareowners. We're well-positioned to deliver on our 2018 earnings guidance and our future growth projections. With that, operator, let's open the call up for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And your first question will be from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. First question, I noticed that if I saw it right, you did not increase any FX hedges for 2020. Just wondering what your current thoughts are on your hedging strategies there.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. That's correct. And I'll ask Vince to comment further on that.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure, Ali. You are correct. We haven't added additional hedges during the quarter. The pound continues – really from a historical perspective is trading at historical lows and we think it makes sense and we can afford to be patient as we kind of think through the hedging strategy here. We talked last quarter about – because we hedged so much in 2018 and 2019 and half of 2020 that we were actually outside of the bounds of our risk management guidelines. And so, we've kind of worked our way back into those bands through the completion of the third quarter into October. So, I would expect that we'll start to layer on hedges to be more consistent with our historical practices with our risk management policies, but we don't see the need today to load up on a lot of hedging in the out years at these rates.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And second question. Just wondering what's your visibility, right now, on sustaining this earnings growth beyond 2020? And just from a high-level perspective, given what we know today, I mean any sense of how your earnings profile changes when we transition to RIIO-2 in 2023 just from a high-level perspective?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: So, maybe I'll comment on the first part of your question on the earnings growth beyond 2020. I think you're probably aware, we would typically address earnings for 2021 or the year forward of our current three-year forecast on the fourth quarter earnings call. So, we would continue to use that practice. So, we wouldn't really have a lot to say today on the growth for 2020 or beyond 2020. Having said that, we're showing you some capital in the plan, we're going to be updating that capital expenditure program probably through the fourth quarter of this year, be able to comment on that as well and update that more after the first of the year. So, relative to the transition after RIIO-ED2, Vince, do you want to make some comments around that?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, I think, we'll, Andy and I will provide some additional color and disclosures around what we see are the pluses and minuses going into ED2 as it relates to the ED1 plan. Ali, I think, as it relates to earnings guidance beyond 2020, I think the CapEx and rate-based projections are good baseline to start with. But there are other considerations that we need to take into account, obviously, interest rate, taxes, foreign currency. Pensions are a big one as well. And when we look at the pension plans in the UK, they are performing quite well from a return perspective and we have our upcoming review with the pension regulator in March of 2019. That takes some time to get through, but that will ultimately determine how much pension deficit revenues we will be collecting post March of 2021. So, all of those things we will continue to monitor and at the appropriate time provide, I think, that guidance.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I understand. Last question. Bill, just wanted to get your latest thoughts. There's still a huge valuation gap between your stock and your U.S. peers. Just wondering what you're thinking there is. Is this one of those hunker down and wait for things to play out, Brexit, et cetera or something proactive on your end, just what's your latest thoughts there are?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I think at this point, given where Brexit sits, we're closing in hopefully on a deal for the exit from the EU. And that negotiation between the UK government and the EU Parliament is ongoing and it does seem that our take is that a deal will ultimately, probably get done, but we'll know one way or the other here in the next few months on that. I think we're also seeing positive commentary around the value that the networks have been providing to consumers in the UK, both in terms of lower cost, better customer service. And I think there's a growing recognition in the UK that there have been great benefits from privatization degree of the electric network. So, I think – I sense that things are moving in a more positive direction on that front. So, I think, for now, as I've said previously, we're always open to strategic options that will create value for shareowners, but at this time, we don't see any of those adding shareowners value. So, we're going to continue to focus on the strong business plan that we have, the high growth in EPS relative to the peers and I think there's no need for us to make any dramatic moves at this point.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will be from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. It's Nick Campanella on for Julien. Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Congrats on the quarter. I was just curious on the year-to-date drivers on slide 11, that the $0.20 that you kind of call out in the footnote, is that more timing-related with tax reform? And just like thinking about the 2019 drivers, this isn't something that we back out for your ongoing earnings, right? This is all timing.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Vince is looking at the...
Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: $0.20 year-to-date related to income tax savings owed to customers.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Nick, that's just the adjustment in revenues and the reduction in income taxes expense. So, it just drives the variance in those two line items that they net to zero. That's all we were trying to highlight there.
Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure.
Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then, just quick on the on the Talen lawsuit with Colstrip. Just any color on your position and the timing for resolution there?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. Given that this is pending litigation, this is what I'll say regarding that, we flatly disagree with Talen. We're confident we acted appropriately in all the transactions related to either the sale of PPL's Montana hydroelectric generating assets or the spin-off of PPL's competitive generation business. And further, we believe that PPL Montana was solvent upon distribution of those proceeds. It's been more than five years since the sale of the hydro assets were announced and almost four years since the sale was completed. Under the separation agreement related to the spin-off of PPL's competitive generation business in June of 2015, you may recall that Talen Energy and affiliates of Riverstone, which is a private investment firm that acquired 35% of Talen in the spin and later took Talen private, definitively agreed that PPL was entitled to retain these proceeds from the sale of the hydro assets. I don't think that is in any way in question. At all times, prior to the spin-off, we operated PPL Montana in a prudent manner, consistent within industry standards and PPL had no control or responsibility for what had happened to the company after the spin. These businesses and all associated assets and liabilities belong entirely to Talen and its owner, Riverstone. Regarding the issue of pension obligations raised by Talen, I think it's worth noting that PPL's pension liability related to the Montana pension assets was nearly fully funded at the time of the spin-off of PPL Energy Supply. In fact, it was 96% funded. And we ensured this when PPL made a large contribution to the PPL Montana pension fund prior to the spin transaction. So, overall, we're very proud of the record we established in maintaining and operating PPL Montana assets, of our environmental stewardship, including extensive environmental upgrades that we did at Colstrip and of our efforts to strengthen communities during our time in Montana. In summary, we're going to defend ourselves very vigorously against any of these claims.
Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. That was very clear. I'll see you guys in a week or so.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Abe Azar of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Congratulations on another solid quarter.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: What do you think is driving the strong sales growth, weather normalized in Pennsylvania and do you expect that to continue and does that change your strategy there at all?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: I'll ask Greg Dudkin, President of PPL Electric Utilities to answer that question.
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Corporation: Yeah. I would say that the strong sales growth is really still weather-related. I'm not sure that our weather normalization algorithm is really picking up everything. Just to give you an idea, our heating degree days 2017 to 2018 went up 15% and our cooling degree days were up 26% year-to-year. So, we still believe that the sales forecast is going to be flat to low negative on a ongoing basis and this increase is largely driven by weather.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And just following up on that, how much of a help was weather in the quarter and year-to-date for the whole business?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Just one second.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, this is Vince, for the quarter, year-over-year was $0.03 positive, versus expectation or budget was $0.02 positive and then year-to-date versus prior year was $0.11 positive and versus our plan was $0.07 positive.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. That's all I have.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So, just – I know you guys feel a little bit constrained on what you're going to say about the lawsuit, but just on the timing of it, it does seem a little odd to me. What do you think triggered the timing at this late date for these issues that as you noted were sort of – well – are a quite some time ago?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Well, as I mentioned, it's been almost four years since the sale was completed. In fact, it'll be – a little bit later this month will have the fourth year. So, my guess is it's probably a statute of limitations type of strategy.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, this alternative ratemaking thing going on in Pennsylvania, could you elaborate a little bit more about what you think that might – what opportunities might be there for you, particularly with the fact that it sounds like you guys already sort of are performing pretty well there from what you were describing? So, I'm just wondering what do you think – how should we think about the potential benefits or risks associate with alternative ratemaking?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I'll ask Greg to take that question.
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Corporation: Yeah. So, Paul, what the legislation will allow us to do is to put forth rate plans for approval to the PUC for things like revenue decoupling, performance-based rate, those types of things. There's a lot of talk about non-wires alternatives we believe that that concept can be handled under this legislation as well. So, the PUC issued some tentative order. We've just supplied some comments within the last couple weeks, but we believe this provides us more flexibility on a going-forward basis.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But then – and just in terms of the performance-based ratemaking and what have you, is there – I guess what should we, I mean, do – do you have any idea that sort of financially what we might be looking at?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. That's – we are still too early in the process to be able to comment on that at this point.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, back to the UK, you mentioned that there seemed to be less – some more recognition associated with the benefits of privatization. Has there been any further discussion about nationalization or anything that – any update there?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: So, not anything, I would say, earthshattering or very significant, but I think what – my perspective is, just to give you a little flavor on this is our senior team and our board of directors were in England last week and we had some very productive discussions with members of parliament, Ofgem and some of our external political and legal advisors. And my takeaway was there is growing recognition and understanding that the electric distribution networks have performed very well under privatization and probably importantly that there's recognition that these networks are key to delivering on governments green agendas. And so, while labor continues to speak of renationalization, it's clear that rail, water and the mail are the areas of focus. Relative to energy, there's been little detail about how any type of renationalization might be accomplished and whether distribution networks are even a target at this point.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much. That's my question today. Thanks so much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: And I believe that's all the calls we have for today. So, we appreciate everyone's time and look forward to seeing everyone at EEI's Financial Conference in San Francisco. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Spence. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Ludwig - PPL Corporation William H. Spence - PPL Corporation Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Corporation Paul W. Thompson - PPL Corporation
Analysts: Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Ludwig, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Ludwig, please go ahead.
Andy Ludwig - PPL Corporation: Thanks, Anita. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter results as well of our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in the appendix to the presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to in the press release, which has been posted on our website and furnished to the SEC. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us for our second quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin and Paul Thompson, the heads of our U.S. utility businesses; and Phil Swift, Head of our Operations at Western Power Distribution in the UK. Moving to slide 3, our agenda for this morning begins with highlights of our 2018 second quarter results and a brief review of regulatory developments in the UK. Vince will then review our second quarter 2018 segment earnings results. As always, we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. Turning to slide 4, today, we announced strong second quarter reported earnings of $0.73 per share, resulting in a total of $1.38 per share through the first half of 2018. Adjusting for special items, primarily related to unrealized gains on our UK earnings hedges, second quarter earnings from our ongoing operations were $0.55 per share, up about 6% from $0.52 per share a year ago. This increase was primarily driven by higher earnings in our UK segment. On a year-to-date basis through June, ongoing earnings were $1.29 per share, up about 13% from a year ago, driven by higher domestic earnings. Given our strong year-to-date results, we've narrowed our 2018 guidance range to $2.25 to $2.40 per share, raising the midpoint to $2.33 per share from $2.30 per share. In addition to delivering strong financial results, we also took the necessary steps to strengthen our balance sheet to mitigate the impacts of U.S. tax reform. In May, we completed a $1.7 billion equity forward, which positions the company well by strengthening PPL's future credit metrics. This further supports our solid investment-grade credit ratings, which Moody's reaffirmed with a stable outlook in June. Through these actions, we expect our FFO to debt to increase from the low to mid-12% range post-tax reform to about 13% by the end of 2019 with continued improvement through our planning period. In addition to disciplined financial execution, I would also highlight that each of PPL's utilities remain strong, among the very best in the regions they serve. In the U.S., both PPL Electric Utilities and Kentucky Utilities received J.D. Power awards for residential customer satisfaction in July, achieving the highest overall marks in their respective categories and regions based on customer surveys. I'm proud of our team's track record in achieving such great customer service excellence. Our focus on meeting and exceeding customer expectations is one that is shared and emphasized every day across all of our operating companies. In fact, overall, PPL's domestic utilities have now won 47 J.D. Power awards. At the same time, in the UK, our Western Power Distribution businesses achieved the top marks for customer satisfaction and stakeholder engagement for the seventh year running. This excellent operational performance underpins our confidence in our ability to achieve 5% to 6% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2018 through 2020, measured against our original 2018 ongoing earnings midpoint. Looking ahead, PPL remains well-positioned to deliver competitive earnings growth and a secure and growing dividend for our shareowners. Turning to slide 5, PPL's success and customer satisfaction begins by delivering power reliably for those who count on us each day. In that regard, our utilities continued to strengthen reliability for customers by investing in a smarter, more resilient grid. Over the past seven years, which marks the time period that we have owned and operated the current portfolio of regulated utilities in Pennsylvania, Kentucky and the UK, we've made significant improvements in reliability across each of our service territories. PPL Electric Utilities recorded its best year ever for reliability in 2017, and the average number of outages per customer was down over 35% since 2011. LG&E and KU also posted their best year in more than a decade in 2017, with the average number of outages per customer down also 35% since 2011. And WPD continues to perform well against its reliability benchmarks. Power interruptions dropped 30% over six years from the 2010-2011 performance period to the 2016-2017 period, which is one of the reasons WPD's four distribution network operations have achieved the top 4 rankings in customer satisfaction since our acquisition of the Midlands' operations in 2011. The substantial improvement in reliability is one of the driving factors leading to our continued improvement and success at achieving the customer service awards we are accustomed to at PPL. These achievements across our utilities reflect our ongoing commitment to operational excellence and our strategy for growth and success. Turning to slide 6 for a UK regulatory update, last week, Ofgem released its decision on the overall RIIO-2 framework, which has defined some of the high-level aspects of the next price control, which will begin for us in 2023. The results of Ofgem's consultation were largely in line with our expectations and we continue to believe based on this framework that WPD will have the opportunity to deliver exceptional value for both customers and shareowners alike in RIIO-2. One of the determinations Ofgem made is that RIIO-2 will be a five-year price control period, a reduction for the eight-year period we're currently in for RIIO-1. While we certainly prefer the stability and benefits to customers afforded by an eight-year period, we have no concerns with a five-year price control period. We previously had five-year price controls and performed well under that framework. Ofgem also decided to change the inflation index used for calculating RAV and returns from using RPI to CPIH in an effort to more closely match the impact of inflation on actual cost. Importantly, Ofgem has made a commitment to keep investors and customers neither better nor worse off in net present value terms as a result of shifting to CPIH. All else equal, this would mean that the return profile and cash flows for companies in the near-term would increase, while RAV growth and recovery would be lower over the longer term. Another important point Ofgem confirmed last week was the use of economic asset lives for RAV depreciation. Currently, we are transitioning to a 45-year economic asset life for new additions through our RIIO-ED1 business plan. We expect the 45-year economic asset life will remain the same in the next price control period based on Ofgem's very extensive review of asset life in RIIO-ED1. Ofgem also noted that while fast-tracking would not be available for the majority of subsectors, the option to utilize that mechanism would remain on the table for electric distribution companies for consideration in RIIO-ED2. As a reminder, WPD's four networks were the only electric distribution companies to be fast-tracked under RIIO-ED1. Ofgem has also reaffirmed their commitment to enhancing stakeholder engagement in RIIO-2. One of the aspects highlighted in the framework is the requirement of each company to develop customer engagement groups designed to provide the regulator with perspectives of network users. WPD had already embraced stakeholder engagement as a substantial part of their RIIO-ED1 business planning process, and Ofgem structured some of the RIIO-2 framework using WPD as a model. Therefore, WPD is well ahead of the curve and well-positioned for success in this aspect of the next price control. Lastly, I wanted to touch on the concept of competition that Ofgem intends to expand beyond transmission for projects that are new, separable and of high value. We're not concerned that this would negatively impact our plans as we currently do not have projects that would meet those conditions as even the largest investment projects tend to be well below the £100 million threshold set by Ofgem. In summary, we believe Ofgem has made progress in developing another price control that can deliver real value for customers and fair returns for shareowners. And we will remain engaged throughout the other subsector reviews in preparation for the electricity distribution consultation, which is expected to begin in the spring of 2020. We remain confident that WPD is well-positioned, given our continued superior reliability, customer service and cost efficiency. Ofgem continues to highlight that those companies delivering high-quality customer service at a low cost will be rewarded in the future and we intend to continue to deliver top quartile results into and throughout the next price control. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Vince for a more detailed financial overview. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on slide 8 with an overview of second quarter segment results. Our second quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased by $0.03 over the prior year. The UK Regulated segment improved by $0.05, while our domestic utilities were flat compared to 2017. Corporate and Other was slightly lower by $0.02, primarily due to the timing impact of recording annual estimated taxes in 2017. We saw a $0.02 improvement for the second quarter compared to the prior year due to domestic weather, primarily in Kentucky. Looking at the first half of the year, higher adjusted gross margin at our U.S. segments and higher currency rates in the UK are the primary drivers of our strong performance versus the first half of 2017. On a year-to-date basis, weather has contributed about $0.07 of favorable earnings versus the prior year and about $0.05 favorable earnings compared to budget. As Bill mentioned, the solid quarter performance gives us confidence to increase our earnings guidance for 2018. Let's move to a more detailed review of the segment earnings drivers, starting with the UK results on slide 9. Our UK Regulated segment earned $0.36 per share in Q2 2018, a $0.05 increase compared to a year ago. The increase in UK earnings was primarily due to higher foreign currency exchange rates compared to 2017 as the realized weighted average exchange rate increased to $1.33 from $1.21 per pound, higher adjusted gross margins due to higher volumes and the April 1, 2018 price increase and higher other income due to pensions. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher income taxes and dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving to slide 10, our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.12 per share in the second quarter of 2018, flat versus a year ago. Higher adjusted gross margins from higher base electricity and gas rates effective July 1, 2017, and higher sales volumes due favorable weather were offset by higher O&M expense due to timing and scope of generation maintenance outages and higher depreciation. Note that there is an offsetting $0.04 variance in the second quarter due to the estimated income tax savings for customers from U.S. tax reform reflected in Kentucky's adjusted gross margins and income taxes. Moving to slide 11, our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.11 per share in the second quarter of 2018, also flat to prior year. Similar to our Kentucky segment, there are offsetting variances for the quarter in the adjusted gross margin and income tax line items of approximately $0.02 due to tax reform. Excluding those offsetting variances, our Pennsylvania segment delivered higher adjusted gross margins, new higher transmission margins from additional capital investments and higher distribution margins from increased electricity sales volumes. These positive drivers were primarily offset by higher depreciation from utility plant additions. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period. Bill?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Thanks, Vince. In closing, we had another strong quarter as we continued to execute on our strategy for growth and operational excellence. We delivered solid financial results in line with expectations and have increased our annual guidance driven by the strong first half of 2018. We also executed on our financing plan and positioned the company well post-tax reform. Our excellent customer service and reliability was once again recognized by our customers. Finally, we received some positive data points looking ahead to RIIO-2 and remain optimistic about the opportunities for WPD in the next price control. I'm confident that PPL's focus on providing best-in-class operational performance, investing responsibly in a sustainable energy future, maintaining a strong financial foundation and developing our people will deliver value to our customers and our shareowners. With that, operator, let's open up the call for questions, please?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question today comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning, Bill and Vince. It's actually Durgesh on for Greg.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Two questions for me. First, can you just give us an update on the rate case expectation in Pennsylvania, when would you expect to file a general rate case there?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Sure. I'll turn that question over to Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities here in Pennsylvania.
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Corporation: Yeah. So, right now, taking a look in the next couple of years, we don't have plan to going up for a rate case. While, obviously, we continue to take a look at that as we go forward, but right now, next couple of years, we don't have any plans.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. So to 2020 looks like you're not looking to file a rate case under the current assumptions you have in the plan.
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Corporation: Correct.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And just a follow-up for Vince, in terms of the hedges, so there's no update from the first quarter, I think if I'm wrong, the percentages and the rates are more or less the same. So, how are you thinking about 2020 increasing the hedge percentage there? What are your thoughts? And then, 2021, when could we expect that you start logging in 2021?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: Sure, Durgesh. So, you are correct, we've not layered on additional hedges during the quarter for 2020. I think as we talked last quarter where – given how heavy the hedge book was set at that time, we were kind of working our way back into the normal hedging program, which had a declining hedge ratio over the following three years. And given that – our breakeven for 2020 is a spot rate of about $1.27 with a forward rate of about $1.31, so we feel very comfortable with where the book is today and we'll start to layer those hedges in starting Q3 and Q4. 2021, we haven't specifically talked about 2021, but that'll follow our normal hedge program and we'll probably start that at the beginning of next year.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Awesome. Thank you. Good quarter, guys. Thanks.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Thank you very much.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Morning. Bill or Vince, as you think about the transition to RIIO-2 in 2023, there are a couple of fairly known headwinds that we can look at. Ofgem has been very clear that they are planning to lower the cost of equity when the new pricing regime comes in. You all have also mentioned to us that you expect your pension to be fully funded in the UK by the time RIIO-2 rolls in. And so, the income from that could be – won't be booked at the same rate as well. So, as you think about those sort of, what I would call, known headwinds, are you thinking that 2023 is a transition year, we may see a drop in earnings and then grow from there or are there obvious offsets that would allow you to grow 2023 and beyond as well even with these kind of changes coming?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Yeah. Very good question. So, under the framework, one of the positive aspects, as we look at it for RIIO-2, it does do allow us to access some of the avenues for potential growth that we talked to you previously about. And I'll ask Vince to cover a couple of those, but I think those are important and I'm glad you raised that question because I think it's important to keep that in context of how some things may be dropping off, but other things could come into play. So, Vince, why don't you cover a couple of those key aspects that we've talked about before?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: Sure. So, Ali, I think maybe to start, I would say that we didn't see anything in the RIIO-2 Ofgem decision document that would necessarily impact the levers that we talked to you all about in the past. So, that's good news there coming out of the decision. Those levers included, right, adjusting the Fast Pot, Slow Pot split. Currently, we're at 80/20, 80% going to RAV, 20% going to Fast Pot. We've talked about additional CapEx as a result of the electrification initiatives in the UK and that's been reaffirmed by the UK government with the Road to Zero initiative. We also – we talked about this briefly, but the move from RPI to CPI will actually help near-term cash flows and earnings, but it will slow the longer-term growth as a compounding effect of a lower inflation index builds up. CPIH is generally viewed as about 100 basis points less than RPI. So, Ofgem has indicated that they still need to work through how they would transition from RPI to CPI. But as we think about how that would look, that should help near-term transition earnings and cash, but again slow long-term growth. You mentioned pension deficit funding. So, we are collecting about $180 million to $200 million a year in pension deficit funding. We do expect using reasonable assumptions for the pension plans that the plans will be fully funded by the end of RIIO-ED1. So, our expectation is that we will not need to (00:22:42) collect that amount of revenue from customers in RIIO-ED2. That creates a lot of headroom in terms of customer rates to help fund some of these other levers and the additional CapEx that we would look. And then, of course, we have the profiling that is part of any business plan process where we can shape the revenues over the what looks to be a five-year period going into RIIO-2. So to specifically talk about 2023, I think we probably need some additional clarity on some of the items that Ofgem has not concluded on in the consultation. Some of those may get resolved in transmission and gas distribution consultation, some of them may not get resolved until the RIIO-ED2 consultation, which would be in the 2020 time period. So it's hard to say right now if we would see 2023 as a transition period for earnings. I would say that the pension deficit funding, while it does generate GAAP earnings, does not generate cash from operations, because the cash we're collecting there goes right into the funds. So on a cash basis, I think we clearly could see actually higher-cash flows from the UK business in RIIO-2 than we're seeing in RIIO-1, but, again, I still think we need to get through a lot of these items. And then on earnings, we'll have to see how much of these offsets we can we can generate on a GAAP earnings basis.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Second question, there's been some positive overall news flow for regulatory and otherwise for you guys, mid period review came and went. You've done the equity that you needed to get that overhang out of the way, yet your stock valuation is still at a significant discount. You're not getting the value for the UK assets. You've talked about that before. And you've also, I think, mentioned to us in the past, obviously management board is not very happy with where the valuation is. Could you just give us an update on your latest thinking on that? And is there anything proactively that you can do or should we just hunker down and let the issues play out over the next four, five years? How should we be looking at that from your perspective?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Sure. I think just a couple comments around that. First, I would say the management team and the board is very open minded on strategic options or alternatives that will create additional shareholder value. And if there was a clear and compelling path to drive additional value, we would certainly consider it as we've always done. And I think our track record shows that we're not afraid to take bold action if we believe shareowners will benefit in the long-term. I think the regulatory and political uncertainty in the UK is probably the single drawback or what's holding the stock back. I think in the near-term, what we can control, I think we're doing exceptionally well, which is to continue to drive value per customers and continue to operate all the businesses exceptionally well. In terms of what could we do, I'm not going to comment on the specifics and so forth. But what I would say is that, in the near term, certainly, the yield is very strong and there's kind of a – you're getting paid to wait if you want to look at it that way. But what I can say is that we're not sitting on our hands and just saying that we're going to stay the course. We're going to continue to assess our strategic options. And if there is something that could create additional shareowner value, we're certainly going to look at that. So, that's probably what I'd have to say on that topic.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Fair enough. Last question, the rate base CAGR you laid out for us 2018 through 2022 equates to about a 4%, 5.4% CAGR. Is that in a very, very big picture perspective a good proxy of how EPS growth should also look like over that period?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Vince, you want to take that question?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: I mean we haven't provided guidance beyond 2020, Ali. I would say, in general, we are expecting continued earnings growth beyond 2020. But at this point, we haven't provided official guidance beyond 2020.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Fair enough. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Thank you.
Operator: The next question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So, let me just follow up with a little cleanup on some of the questions here from the last one. Can you just elaborate a little bit on what the offsets would be to the pension deficit funding, again, from the earnings perspective? I know, as you describe it, it's clearly a net positive from a cash flow. But just can you elaborate a little bit on those opportunities, as you see it today, sort of what the net decrement positive increments might be?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: Sure. So, moving from RPI to CPI will help offset that. The Fast Pot, Slow Pot, shift could help that. The sensitivity we provided on that, at least in RIIO-1, where TOTEX was $1.4 billion a year, that equated to about $130 million, $140 million a year for every 10% shift. And then, additional CapEx that we expect to be spending, so we'll be earning a return on that. I think the other important aspect that we talked about in the past is based on the way we're recovering debt from being fast-tracked, it's using a 10-year historical average as opposed to the slow-track companies using a 20-year average. We were actually horned (29:04) as a result of that compared to the slow trackers to the tune of about $300 million, $325 million over the whole eight-year period. We would expect that to get chewed up as we go into RIIO-2. So, that would also provide both cash and earnings uptick going from 1 to 2.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And can you elaborate a little bit on the requalifying for fast-track? I mean, I know we're relatively early here, but obviously distribution remains one of the unique segments within the Ofgem structure potentially to allow for fast-tracking. And obviously, you all have historically qualified for it. How do you see that benefit potentially at least thus far? And what are the metrics that we should be tracking from your perspective to see whether or not you might qualify this next go around? How is that process evolving, maybe asked differently?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Well, I think that's a work in progress at the moment. We're not clear on exactly how the process would work. But just thinking back to what Ofgem did in RIIO-ED1, what they basically were looking for were what they call well-justified plan. So, I think companies that had a positive track record of doing what they said they were going to do, so if they said that they were going to deliver X value to customers and they delivered that, that's a positive going into your business plan in that case for RIIO-ED1. As we look ahead to RIIO-ED2, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the customer engagement piece, which is somewhat new, we had already put that into our plan for RIIO-ED1, which I think help justify that ours was a well-justified plan that had input from a broad group of stakeholders. So, I think those are the types of things that Ofgem would look to see from a company. And if I look at how we're performing against RIIO-ED1 outputs in our current business plan, we're performing very well and consistent with what Ofgem, I believe, would expect from us. So, I think we'll be well-positioned again to hopefully get the opportunity, should we choose to take it to be fast-tracked.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And last quick clean-up, there's no benefit from the legislation passed in Pennsylvania of late, given, I suppose, decoupling, et cetera. That's not something you're looking at given the timeline for the next rate case or are there any other benefits or angles we should be thinking about? Just following up.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Well, in the short – yeah, in the short term, as Greg Dudkin mentioned, we're not planning to go in for a rate case. Having said that, depending on how the Public Utility Commission takes the legislation and puts it into action into their docket, we would obviously closely follow that. To the extent that there were opportunities to do creative things like performance-based rate making maybe akin to what we have in the UK, we would certainly want to study that hard and see if we wouldn't want to take advantage of that option. I think decoupling is an option and an alternative that we'd want to also carefully consider. But I think until the PUC really finishes their work, hard to know whether and how we would take advantage of any of those options.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you all very much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Congrats on the solid quarter.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Thank you, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Can you quantify what's the EPS step down when the pension is fully funded in the UK?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Vince, do you want to...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: So just for that item, it's $180 million, $200 million. So, that – what's that about $0.15 about, EPS.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And Bill, when you talked about you're exploring strategic options, are you thinking about getting bigger or smaller?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Well, I'm not going to comment on any specific ones, but what I can tell you is that we considered a very wide range of strategic alternatives. And that's probably all I should say without getting into a lot of detail. But, again, we're not afraid to consider any options, whether that's getting larger or smaller, l think as long as there was a clear and compelling path to drive additional value, we would certainly consider it as we always have.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And in the UK, has Ofgem had any commentary around back leverage?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Nothing significant to my knowledge. Phil, anything that you're aware of? No. Okay.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's all my question. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Association (sic) [Glenrock Associates]. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a few quick follow-ups. On the strategic options and what have you, how should we think about sort of following up sort of on Ali Agha's question, so the timing in terms of when you guys might feel – will there be sort of a point in time where you would sort of lose patience with the valuation as it is, and how should we think about that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Paul, just maybe two points on that. As I mentioned, we're continuously assessing options that could create value for shareowners. That being said, I don't think it'd be in the best interest of shareowners to set an artificial timeline for any decision or action. Clearly, the markets are changing and are fairly dynamic. So I think the best we can do is just continually assess those options and then, it would be up to the board to determine if the time was right or not. But that's how I think we are thinking about it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. That makes sense. And then, with respect to the stability in the UK, pardon me, but it's sometimes hard to sort of follow, and I was just wondering if we should – sort of what your timeline sort of is in terms of where you see the political situation becoming more stable?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Sure. Well, Brexit is clearly driving a lot of the political instability, which is having and has had a knock-on effect in several ways to the regulator, Ofgem in this case. And we would look to, early next year, there is a summit coming up in October, maybe we'll have some readout from the negotiation between the UK and the EU in October. But I do believe that it's still going to be a pretty rocky road for them to get to a final deal. And so that will create some political noise, I'm sure, around that. But that's one data point. In terms of being patient, I think if you recall back several years ago when PPL Electric Utilities here in Pennsylvania was coming off of rate caps, and there was a lot of political noise around that, there were certain shareowners at that time said we should sell off our Pennsylvania business and now that Pennsylvania business is our highest-growth utility option and opportunities. So things have a way of turning themselves around over time. So, I think we want to be prudent, patient, but also continually assessing what options could create additional value. And as I indicated, we're not afraid to take bold strategic action if we think it's in the best interest, long-term, of the shareowners.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Yeah. I know you guys have demonstrated that over the years. So, okay, thanks so much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Just wanted to check in a little bit actually on the Pennsylvania business. I'm just curious, what do you think the run rate or the sustainability longer term for the amount of transmission CapEx that you're investing in that business is kind of going forward? Do you view this as kind of – the next couple of years as kind of close to peak levels or do you view this as a new normal type of run rate?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Greg, did you want to make a comment on that?
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Corporation: Yeah. So, I think in the deck we have what our current view is as far as transmission investment. And so, basically, what we're putting into the – or what we have in that current plan is somewhat similar levels of investment in 2018, 2019, and 2020 and then, starting in 2021, that transmission investment starting to decrease over time.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, in other words, you're viewing this as kind of not peak-ish, but high end of the cycle and kind of 2021 and beyond is more normal, or is 2021 kind of more abnormal, and longer term, you'd kind of see closer back to where we are today?
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Corporation: No, I'd say it's probably longer term, it would be lower.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. The other question is Kentucky. Kentucky is one of the states in the Union where there's really not a lot of renewable penetration. How are you thinking about the Kentucky business in terms of the potential for sizable amounts, if any, of new wind or solar and the accompanying transmission need that might be necessary along with it?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Sure. I'll make a general comment and then I'll ask Paul Thompson to supplement. Generally speaking, we have put together some specific programs for customers that want to avail themselves of solar in particular. And we do have the largest solar – commercial solar operation going so far in the state, but we're continually looking at options. But, Paul, do you want to talk about maybe the longer term how you look at solar and wind?
Paul W. Thompson - PPL Corporation: Certainly. If you think about the state itself or the geography where you might put renewables, work we've done in the past would suggest that the wind profile is not as strong and as good as you would have in other areas. And so, if we were to go down that path in the future, it would likely entail transmission to other states. But for now, we just don't see that in the near geography of our service territory. Solar, on the other hand, has certainly the potential going down the road. We've put in a 10 megawatt facility at the Brown Station to begin to experience. We're having results of that plant very congruent with what we had planned. So that's a very good thing. As Bill mentioned, we've got some other options for customers. All of this in a period of our load growth is not projected to be strong. And therefore, the need for generation will be something that filters in over the course of time, not in any large segments in the near-term. So, we're open to all of that, trying to provide customer adoptions. But that's how I'd quickly describe renewables for us.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: And I would just say from a competitive solar perspective, the low rates – relatively low rates in Kentucky have not made it very attractive for competitive solar providers to-date.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So just – sorry to go back to the strategy question, but I'm a little confused about the message you're giving here. Are you saying, Bill, that you've reviewed all the obvious options recently and you don't think any of them make sense right now? But in the meantime, if something else comes along that you maybe haven't thought of, you'd be open to considering it? Or are you – I'm just – it's just not quite clear whether...
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Yeah. No, that's a good summary. Sorry, if I was not clear on that, but, yeah, that's a good summary.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So you've sort of undertaken a process that you do every year, I think, but you're not ruling out...
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Yeah, we're not ruling anything out. It is an ongoing process. We do a deeper dive once or twice a year. But, yeah, there's – if there is a clear and compelling path, we would certainly consider it, as we always have.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: But we should take that to mean you don't see such a path today, but you're open to looking at whatever else you might not have looked at recently?
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: That's correct.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thank you for that.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Sure.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Bill Spence for any closing remarks.
William H. Spence - PPL Corporation: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and we look forward to having you join us again for the third quarter earnings call.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp. William H. Spence - PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results as well as our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure for this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the press release, which has been posted on our website and furnished to the SEC. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us for our first quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; Greg Dudkin and Paul Thompson, and the heads of our U.S. utility businesses; and Phil Swift, WPD's Operations Director, who is filling in for Robert Symons today. Moving to slide 3, our agenda for this morning begins with highlights of our 2018 first quarter results, and a brief review of regulatory developments in the UK. Vince will then review our first quarter 2018 segment earnings results and provide a more detailed financial overview. As always, we'll leave ample time to answer your questions. Turning to slide 4, today, we announced strong first quarter reported earnings of $0.65 per share, compared with $0.59 per share a year ago. Adjusting for special items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.74 per share, up almost 20% from $0.62 per share a year ago. This increase was driven by higher earnings in our U.S. segments, partially offset by expected lower earnings in the U.K. segment. We performed very well against our business plans in Q1, putting PPL solidly on track to deliver on our 2018 earnings forecast of $2.20 per share to $2.40 per share. Today, we are also affirming our long-term projection of 5% to 6% compound annual earnings growth per share from 2018 through 2020 off of our 2018 forecast midpoint. In addition, we're updating our expected equity needs. On our year-end call, we communicated an equity need of between $2 billion and $3 billion from 2018 to 2020. That was approximately $1 billion to $2 billion higher than our prior plans as a result of tax reform. We are now targeting to be near the low end of our previously announced range, driven primarily by revisions to our business plan as we've continued to assess and revise our expectations regarding the impact of tax reform. Achieving our updated equity target would result in an earnings growth rate at the high end of the 5% to 6% range. Turning to UK regulatory and political update on slide 5. On April 30, Ofgem announced that they have determined that no mid-period review is necessary for RIIO-ED1. We believe Ofgem through their consultation process arrives at the best outcome for all stakeholders. We appreciated the opportunity to share our views with Ofgem during the consultation phase and that they ultimately decided to adhere to the regulatory construct they developed with the distribution companies. We believe this is an important signal of support for UK regulation, which we continue to view as one of the premier jurisdictions. We look forward to continuing to deliver positive outcomes for customers and fair returns for our shareowners. I should also note that WPD has agreed to voluntarily return to customers £77 million related to the rail electrification projects in WPD's territories that were curtailed by the government in mid-2017. This voluntary return will not have a material impact to PPL and was outside of the scope of the mid-period review. As Ofgem noted, this voluntary return of funds to customers by WPD was a key consideration in their decision not to conduct an extension of the mid-period review. Ofgem also noted that adjusting network returns would damage investor confidence and could increase financing costs for networks. We believe Ofgem's decision is a very positive step for the industry as it demonstrates that Ofgem understands the need to balance all stakeholders' needs. In other UK regulatory developments, Ofgem released its RIIO-2 framework consultation document on March 7, with yesterday marking the deadline for stakeholder responses. As we've stated, the consultation was in line with our expectations and we believe WPD can continue to provide customer benefits, while still meeting shareowner expectations. Ofgem has determined that the current framework is generally working for customers, and we agree. We shared in our consultation response that our view is that RIIO-1 has worked well so far in controlling costs to consumers, strengthening customer service and reliability, improving customer satisfaction, spurring network investment, and fostering greater innovation. For example, the sector continued to reduce the number of power cuts across Great Britain during the 2016/2017 regulatory year. Since privatization, there has been a 50% reduction in the number of customer interruptions and a 60% (06:57) reduction in the length of customer interruptions. On the innovation front, the industry accommodated a 60% increase in small scale generation connections during the 2016/2017 regulatory year. More than 2.8 gigawatts was connected to the electric distribution network over that period. Finally, customer satisfaction is at a record high since RIIO network sector annual reports began tracking these metrics. It's clear from these examples that there is already strong evidence in the first two years of RIIO-ED1 that demonstrates the RIIO strategy is on course to deliver on its objectives. Ultimately, we think the wide range of proposals in the RIIO-2 consultation document offers us an opportunity to help shape the regulation in ways that are supportive of high-performing and innovative networks, such as WPD's. We focused our response to the consultation on four key areas: fair returns, incentives, the cost of debt and the cost of equity. Relative to the potential for lower returns on equity, I would point out that we are in a period where the UK risk-free rate is negative by approximately 100 basis points. This is about 200 basis points lower than the 10- and 20-year averages. WPD's cost of equity will be set during the electric distribution consultation that will take place in 2020-2021 timeframe. By that time, we would expect the risk-free rate to be in positive territory, more in line with historical rates. In addition, we expect significant opportunities for continued investment throughout the next price control period as the UK continues to advance its initiative related to electrification and infrastructure requirements to support renewable energy resources. And we have ample time to prepare for any changes that could be made for RIIO-ED2 with our business plan submissions not due until the mid-2021 period. We remain confident in the UK regulatory framework and our ability to develop a high-quality plan for the future that will benefit customers and shareowners. The next step in the RIIO-ED2 process is Ofgem's decision regarding the broader RIIO-2 framework consultation, which is expected later this summer following their review of stakeholder responses. Finally, on the political front, we see an improved environment with Brexit moving forward and radical calls for renationalization beginning to fade. In addition, the pound has strengthened considerably over the past 12 to 18 months and we have been able to hedge into this strength, as Vince will share in a few moments. On slide 6, we provide an example of our RIIO-ED1 execution, outlining our strong UK incentive performance for the 2017-2018 regulatory period. As you can see, WPD's operating companies once again earned the top four rankings in terms of customer satisfaction among all the distribution network operators in the UK with an average rating of 8.9 out of 10. In addition, we achieved more than 70% of the potential maximum reward across all incentive categories, reflecting our continued drive to deliver value for our customers. This translates into future returns for our shareowners as we earned approximately $100 million of incentive revenues for the regulatory period, consistent with our historical performance and our expectations. Now, I'll turn the call over to Vince for a more detailed financial overview. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill mentioned, we delivered strong first quarter results compared to both last year, and compared to budget, that positions us well for the remainder of the year. We are not updating our 2018 annual earnings guidance at this point, given that we are only through Q1, but we are very confident that we can deliver the midpoint of our 2018 ongoing earnings guidance and are tracking above that midpoint today. Let's move to slide 8 for an overview of first quarter segment results. Our first quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased by $0.12 over the prior year, driven by strong results at our domestic utilities. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment improved by $0.09 and Kentucky Regulated improved by $0.05 compared to 2017. Corporate and Other was also higher by $0.06, primarily due to the timing impact of recording annual estimated taxes in Q1 of 2017. These improved domestic earnings were partially offset by expected lower earnings at the U.K. Regulated segment of $0.08. Before we discuss segment details, I'll review the impact of weather on our Q1 results. Overall, we saw about a $0.02 improvement compared to the prior year due to weather with domestic weather driving a $0.04 improvement from Q1 2017, partially offset by $0.02 of unfavorable weather in the UK. The U.S. returned to more normal weather in Q1 2018 compared to last year's mild winter temperatures. As a result, our Kentucky operations experienced a 30% increase in heating degree days, while we saw more than a 10% increase in Pennsylvania quarter-over-quarter. Weather was not a significant factor compared to our budget for the first quarter 2018. Let's move to a more detailed review of the segment earnings drivers starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 9. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.21 per share in the first quarter of 2018, a $0.09 increase compared to the same period a year ago. This result was driven primarily by higher transmission margins from additional capital investments and higher peak transmission system demand in 2018, higher distribution margins from increased electricity sales volumes due to weather, lower operation and maintenance expenses due to lower corporate services costs, as well as lower payroll and lower income taxes resulting from the lower federal tax rate from U.S. tax reform. Moving to slide 10, our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.19 per share in the first quarter of 2018, a $0.05 increase compared to the first quarter 2017. This increase was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins from higher base electricity and gas rates effective July 1, 2017, and higher sales volumes due to favorable weather as I mentioned earlier, partially offset by higher depreciation due to asset additions. Note that for Kentucky, the impact of lower federal tax rate is reflected on the income taxes and other line item with the offset being lower revenues reflected in adjusted gross margins, both being about $0.03. Moving to slide 11, our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.37 per share in Q1 2018, an $0.08 decline compared to a year ago. The reduction in UK earnings was primarily due to higher U.S. income taxes driven by a tax benefit that we recorded in Q1 2017 related to accelerated pension contributions that did not recur in 2018 and higher UK income taxes due to accelerated tax deductions in Q1 2017. In addition, we experienced lower adjusted gross margins in the UK driven by the April 1, 2017 price decrease of $0.01 and lower sales volume of $0.01. The price decrease was due to true-up mechanisms primarily for interest and inflation and was partially offset by higher base demand revenue from the normal annual price increases. These lower results were partially offset by higher foreign currency exchange rates in 2018 compared to 2017. Before I turn the call back over to Bill, let me just provide a quick update on our foreign currency hedging status on slide 12. The pound has continued to show strength versus the U.S. dollar and we layered on additional hedges since year-end. We have increased our hedge position in 2020 to about 50% at an average rate of $1.49 per pound. The chart on the right shows the trend of improving rates over the past year with the current forward curve continuing to be well above our budgeted rate of $1.40 per pound. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period. Bill?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Vince. In closing, we had an outstanding quarter as we continued to execute our plans and deliver on our commitments. Our strong operational and financial performance is testament to the fact that our investments are providing positive results for our customers and our shareowners. We're pleased to have the potential of a mid-period review behind us. We believe Ofgem's decision demonstrated the regulatory discipline that's made the UK a premium regulatory jurisdiction. We'll continue to engage with Ofgem regarding RIIO-2 to achieve the best possible outcome for customers and shareowners. And finally, we remain confident in our ability to deliver competitive projected earnings growth and a secure and growing dividend as we invest responsibly in a sustainable energy future. With that operator, let's open the call up for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Spence. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Your first question will be from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning. Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. Bill or Vince, can you update us when you talk about the equity needs over the three years now being $2 billion, how should we think about how they got distributed over the three years? Previously you were talking about $1 billion this year and then the variance was really in the outer years? Is that still the case and how much equity have you issued this year versus your target?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. We are still targeting approximately $1 billion in 2018. To date, we've issued about $160 million primarily through our DRIP and ATM program.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. So the outer years, we should not think about as being $500 million per year, the lower end of your previous ranges?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: That would be correct, yes.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And with regards to equity for the rest of the year, Bill, what is the plan? Are you continuing to utilize ATMs? Some of your peer utilities have gone out and done a block trade, just to get the overhang behind them. Just curious how you're thinking about the various ways to complete the $1 billion this year?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. Yeah, we're continuing to utilize the ATM program and there is more than sufficient liquidity and it is a very cost-effective means to do so. Having said that, we'll also continue to look at other means to effectively and efficiently issue the equity. So that's where we are on that.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then, my other question was on the year-end call, you had mentioned that you had built your 5% to 6% growth rate assuming that you were at the high end of the $2 billion to $3 billion plan, and if you ended up on the low end, you could actually exceed the 5% to 6% growth rate. Today, you were telling us you're at the low end of the equity plan, but you'd be (19:15) within the 5% to 6% at the higher end. So what changed between the commentary from year-end to today?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. Well, just fine – and maybe just to make sure I answer the question. You're really asking what changed in terms of the reduction to the equity need or that there was a different...
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Well, the growth rate, because if I recall correctly, I think the message was, if we end up at the low end of the equity need, we would exceed the 5% to 6% EPS growth rate. And today, you're saying that you would be within the 5% to 6%. So what changed in terms of reducing your growth rate expectations?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: No, we would be at the high-end of the 5% to 6%. If you looked at, and this may have been the question on the Q4 call, was if you looked at a factoring in the forwards then that would really take us above the 6%. So if you assume today all other things being equal that we have $1 billion less of equity need and the forwards continue to hold where they are, we'd actually be in the 6.5% to 7% EPS growth through 2020.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I see. Okay. So you're basing it on your $1.40 exchange rate budget, but the actual forwards would take it higher. That's the way to think about it?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Correct. That is exactly right.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I got it. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. It's actually Durgesh Chopra on for Greg. How are you?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Good. So just in terms of – I just want to ask the hedges. So your plan assumes you're basically settling those hedges in the respective years. So now, the fact that you have 50% hedged versus 35% in the last call, so from a EPS growth perspective, does that mean you're in a better position now? Is that the right way to think about it?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah, correct. Yes. And if you look at the average hedge rate of $1.49, clearly that's above the $1.40 that was in the original plan. So that incremental hedging activity helps solidify, if you will, the growth rate that we're projecting.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: I see. And still, I think, when we're modeling this we should still be modeling as if you're going to sell settle those hedges in those respective years?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: That's correct. We would settle those in the respective years.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then, just one follow-up for Vince. The income tax – I know, Vince, you did go over this in detail, but just to rehash that, in Kentucky that adjustment was basically the $0.03. Was the implication there that that $0.03 incremental EPS from lower income tax has an incremental lower revenue in the gross margin of $0.03? Was that what you were trying to imply there?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So going from 35% to 21% reduced our income tax expense by $0.03 with a corresponding reduction in revenue and gross margin by $0.03. So no impact on net EPS, but those two line items were each impacted by $0.03.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. So the $0.03 number just on that slide – and bear with me as I get to that slide. The $0.03 number on Kentucky, that is net of the lower revenues?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: That's correct. The explanations I provided would be $0.06 in gross margins, excluding the lower revenues from income tax.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Perfectly clear. Thank you. Great quarter, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah. Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Bill, so just to revisit the equity question for a second, obviously, the $1 billion is a 2018 number, and then you've got 2019 and 2020. Can you see a scenario where you consider trying to address everything preemptively or should we really think of 2018 as a discrete period, and then 2019 and 2020 kind of thereafter?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: I would say, look, we'll continue to look at means to efficiently issue the equity, and clearly the ATM is the means by which we're doing it today. So we'll continue to assess, but it is very cost effective to do it this way and there seems to be sufficient liquidity to do it without affecting the stock price.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And if I could just refresh, you've said that you don't see a need beyond 2020 currently. Is that correct?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Beyond DRIP and management comp, yeah.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yes, that's correct.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Less than $100 million.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, okay. And then, just sort of to the UK, and obviously, you've had a positive data point here on the MPR. But as you think about ways to perhaps address the disconnect, perhaps, in the stock versus what I imagine is your view of value and where it's reflected today in your stock, would you consider something like a sale of a stake to a third-party that might accomplish a few objectives, like providing a value mark and maybe raising some equity in another means, and then rebalancing the business a little bit. Is there any reason why you couldn't do that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Well, I don't know that there's a fundamental reason that we couldn't do it. I think we believe there are benefits to keeping the business mix as it currently stands as it does diversify our political risk, the macroeconomic risk or sort of regulatory risk. Divesting the UK, either in part or whole, continues to be value destructive due to significant tax leakage and some other issues, and we've got a fairly long history of this UK business being under a premier regulatory jurisdiction and I think Ofgem's recent decision not to conduct an MPR further supports that view. So our belief is the UK concerns will dissipate longer term and we see value in waiting that out at the moment.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. I wasn't suggesting a full separation, Bill. More the idea that a small stake might potentially get someone else to support your view of value. That was more the idea.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: National pride (26:23).
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: I think it's a matter of timing and just knowing that there's been an unusual amount of regulatory and political uncertainty over the last 6 to 12 months, in particular. I think to our plan is to continue to wait it out.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: And, Jonathan, it's Vince. I'm sure you've seen some markers on some sales of gas assets in the UK and...
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well, that was what prompted the question, so, yeah.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So we think there are some market indications there for value and, again, we think the electric business has better growth than the gas business, and so that would support a higher multiple that we're seeing in our stock and where we historically traded.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, Bill, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you felt that the sort of the focus on nationalization was waning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is there anything specific you can point to that would help us feel more comfortable about that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Well, I think it's the Labour Party's recent missteps, I'll say, have taken that their currency, if you will, down quite a bit from what I can see and read and hear. And that's certainly a big factor, but I'd say on the flip side on the Conservative Party side, I think Theresa May, her currency has gained some ground, and as Brexit I think moves forward in a positive direction, our view is she'll continue to probably gain ground. So I think those are kind of the macro factors that I see.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So it was more a comment on the sort of relative political fortunes of the two parties then sort of Labour somehow changing its view on this?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah, well, although I would say and this held true previously that there were many in the Labour Party that did not agree that renationalization was feasible, even feasible let alone something that was desirable. So even if the leader of the Labour Party was to push that agenda, I'm not quite sure how far we get anyway.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. I was just – thank you for giving that extra color. Appreciate it.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Absolutely.
Operator: The next question will be from Steve Fleischman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Sorry to repeat some of the same questions, but just how much do you have available still on your shelf to do ATM?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: I'm looking to Vince to answer that question.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: We did a $3 billion.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, so plenty (29:34)...
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Roughly $3 billion.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: And then, can you just remind me outside of ATM, how much equity can you do internally through DRIP and any other internal programs per year?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: About $100 million a year.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then, could you maybe give a little more color on the additional information that you kind of had on your plan to be at the low end of the $2 billion to $3 billion and tax reform and the like? Was that something more discussion with the rating agencies or just tax planning or other things?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah, I'll let Vince provide a couple more details, but following our Q4 call, we had a constructive dialogue with Moody's on our updated business plan, post-tax reform and the related equity needs and we've continued to refine that plan and are more confident that we can target the lower end of the previously announced equity range. And Vince can give you a couple of details as to why and kind of what's changed since Q4 call.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yes, Steve. I would say that tax reform, it required significant amount of analysis and calculations in a very short period of time at year end, while we were closing the box trying to redo the business plan in preparation for the year end call. And to be honest, given that is why we issued a range of equity between $2 billion to $3 billion, given how much we tried to get done in a relatively short period of time. Subsequent to the call, we just went back and continued to refine the analysis with a strong focus on FFO, because as we've talked in the past, FFO carries a lot more weight in the FFO to debt metric than reducing debt does. It's about an eight times multiple on the leverage that you get there. And, so as kind of iterated the plan, we found we were a bit too conservative in the way we modeled some depreciation aspects and how that kind of flow through the cash flows and the earnings. That was to be honest with you, the bulk of it. And then there was just a little bit in a bunch of other line items that we found. But reality is it was specifically related to the impacts of tax reform that I think we over-modeled in that initial go at it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Better safe than sorry, I guess. And if I recall, you would never put on negative outlook. So...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: We were not. That is correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: So I guess, again – which I assume this updated plan has been cleared with the agencies in that light.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: We've had initial dialogue. We'll be going back with all the final numbers. We shared some preliminary information with them, so that that will happen in a couple of months probably.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then my last question on equity is my recollection is that you – part of that desired equity was just a front-end loading of equity that was already planned like in years four and five of your five-year plan. Is that still the case, so that when this is all done...
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: We're pretty much done. So, yeah. So once we're into 2020 or past 2020, through 2020, we'll essentially be done. We'll just have the management comp in DRIP and that's it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Good. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: The next question will be from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So perhaps to pick up where Steve left off. If I can ask you to elaborate a little bit on where this positions your FFO to debt. Where within the targets does this put you given the reduced equity? And then secondly, can you just quantify a little bit more, how much of this was a shift in cash flows versus just kind of exactly squaring your debt balances? Maybe a little bit of rehash in last one.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Go ahead, Vince. I'll let you answer that.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So to answer your second question first, it was all pretty much related to cash flows in terms of – it's about $40 million a year of additional FFO to achieve the reduction in $1 billion of equity over a three-year period. And so, we were able to get that with fine tuning the modeling and dialing back some of those assumptions specifically related to tax reform. And then, Julien, what was the first part of your question again? Sorry.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Where does this put you on an FFO to debt basis through the forecasted period.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Yeah, so very similar metrics to what we were targeting on the year-end call, mid-to-upper 12s for this year and then quickly getting to 13% by 2020. We're a little closer to 13% in 2019 than we were in the original plan, but basically getting to 13% in the 2019-2020 timeframe.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Excellent. And then if I can follow-up a little bit. When you talk about cash flows here on slide, I think it's 20 of the deck, can you contrast that a little bit with how you would see that kind of similar metrics for the international side of the house? You can kind of talk about that on the fly, maybe talk about net cash flows in and out, as you think about the business.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah, I'm not I'm not prepared to do that, Julien. I apologize.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No worries. And then, maybe just a kind of follow-up. I think this was Jonathan's question. When you think about some of the media reports out there regarding M&A in the sector domestically, right, in the U.S., how do you think about your own positioning? I mean, clearly you have a view of your own currency, but at the same time I suppose if you look at your CapEx forecast, it's somewhat backwardated. How do you think about sort of finding and establishing the next round of CapEx opportunities? You all have been fairly successful organically, historically, but at the same time I suppose I've got to ask.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah, so you're correct. Our focus, clearly, is on delivering the long-term value through organic growth with our high performing utilities and, at the same time, now we're focused on strengthening the balance sheet. As I've said before, we don't need to do a deal to be successful and we believe there's going to be ample opportunities to continue our growth rate beyond 2020. We mentioned, or I mentioned, in some of my prepared remarks about the UK and how we believe going into the RIIO-ED2 process, we think there's going to be some increased capital requirements and opportunities to meet some of the electrification goals that the government has. Relative to the states, we would continue to look at large projects and smaller ones. On the transmission side, we've been very successful at, what I would consider, kind of mid-size transmission projects. We still have the Compass project out there that we continue to work on. So something like that could be very meaningful from an EPS and growth perspective going forward. So those are the kind of opportunities we see post 2020, let's say.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So not necessarily actively looking in the U.S.?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: From a M&A perspective or just from a...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Yeah, correct.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: No. Absolutely. Yeah, we're focused on growing organically, not on M&A.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure.
Operator: The next question will be from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: You made some comments about the negative risk-free rate of return, and I just wondered if you could bear with me and just sort of elaborate a little bit more about what you're seeing and what you're expecting, again.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. So when Ofgem initially came out with their kind of initial range of – if they set the cost of equity today, it would be in a range and that range was based on the current market conditions, which are negative in terms of the risk-free rate, negative by about 100 basis points. If you look, historically, at the 10- and 20-year averages, it's not been negative except for, really, the last 12 to 18 months. So this is an anomaly that we're seeing and, clearly, Ofgem is not going to set that rate for us today. So that rate for us will not be set until roughly 2021. So by that point, we would think that Brexit would be well behind us, that the Bank of England would be not fundamentally doing what they've been doing to kind of keep interest rates low, very low, and that the situation would improve. So we think this is kind of a very temporary period of time. And it was really just a comment that the rates are not going to be set today while there's a risk-free rate that's negative. And we don't believe it's going to be negative by the time we get to that 2021 (39:40) period.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just for these sorts of Central Bank sort of activity there, though, I mean, is it so formulaic that like if there's major interference, I guess, a better way to sort of put it, in the market, would that be taken into account at all? Or is it just so formulaic that they just simply say, well, this is a risk-free rate of return and this is how our formula comes out and that's sort of it? Or do you think that this...
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Sorry. Go ahead.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Great questions. So I think there would be either one of two things: either it would be directly taken into account in maybe adjusting the ROE; or, as we've seen in the past, to ensure that the companies are financeable, which is part of the Ofgem requirement, as well as provide opportunities for fair returns to shareowners, Ofgem has in the past adjusted other things, whether it's the fast pot, slow pot or how quickly recover depreciation expense, et cetera. They've adjusted those to provide the opportunity – or on the incentive front to provide the opportunity that shareowners would be able to earn in the past, the double-digit ROE.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then, just finally, Jonathan brought up the nationalization thing. It's been some time, but as I recall there was a lot of sort of inefficiencies that were driven out. This is a long time ago. So bear with me. But when they did privatize initially and I'm just sort of wondering what is the value proposition that the people in Labour see, what's driving the nationalization talk that doesn't seem intuitive to me at the moment?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: It's not intuitive and in fact, it's not consistent with the actual facts. Since, privatization, customer reliability and interruptions has improved by over 50%. And at the same time, the real cost has gone down of delivering power to consumers and customer satisfaction in the electric distribution segment is in an all-time record high. I think that's not the case for other networks and not to pick on the water companies, but I think the water companies have had a more difficult time of it, with customer satisfaction and other things. So I think that and the Mail service, which was privatized, are two of, I guess, the poster childs, if you want to call that, of what Jeremy Corbyn was focused on at the time of his call for some renationalization. So the distribution companies on the electric side were clearly not a target and the facts would not justify going back to nationalization.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just to rehash on the lower equity. You didn't pull any CapEx to get there, was that correct?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: That is correct. Yeah, we did not. For us, that's really not a great option because we have the ability to recover our investments in a real-time or near real-time basis, so that for us didn't make sense. Yeah.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And when you talked about Kentucky, you talked about offsetting revenue to account for the taxes. Did you also do that in Pennsylvania?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Should I take that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah, go ahead, Vince. Yeah.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So Pennsylvania is slightly different. We are currently in the process of dialoguing with the PA PUC on exactly how the industry and specific companies will handle the effects of tax reform. On March 15, the Commission actually report that they had sent out a Secretarial Letter requesting information from all of the utilities. We responded to that on March 15. They set rates to be temporary and then for basically six months with the option to extend it another six months and they are now really assessing the impacts. They also asked if utilities had either capital or other projects that we could redeploy the revenues that we were collecting from the higher tax rate, and so we've submitted ideas around that. So at this point, we're not sure if or when we would have to give the revenue back on the distribution side. And then on transmission, we file our formula rate effective June 1, and that's when we will make the reduction from 35% to 21% in that filing.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then just back to Kentucky, I mean, you had a gross margin improvement of $0.06 kind of. Can you just run through those drivers again?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: So, yeah, the two main points are the higher rates from the rate case. That one was effective in July of last year and that was about $0.03 and then weather was about $0.03.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And how much was weather in Pennsylvania?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: About $0.01. Total weather was $0.04.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Just curious, somebody asked the question about capital spend and how it's kind of backward, meaning tails off in the back end of the years. Just curious when you think about your balance sheet and your financing plan, is there something that might say, hey, let's let it roll down for a few years like maybe that's not such a bad thing, and then we'll generate a lot more free cash flow, use that free cash. I would assume you'd generate a lot more free cash flow if CapEx comes down and use that cash to shore up the balance sheet.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah, Michael, this is Bill. Yeah, that certainly would be an option. We would generate a lot more free cash flow. It's something we'll take a look at and always do as we develop our capital plans. Some of the capital plans are driven by either customer needs. So we would want to continue to do those that we think are imperative for the customers. In the case of the UK, we've already pretty much put forth the plan that was approved through 2023, early 2023. So that plan from a capital perspective is already pretty much set.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And just curious, and this may be a Vince question. When you look out to like 2021 or 2022, are you at a position where maybe cash from operations actually becomes higher than cash from investing activities, and that's kind of rare for utility, but it almost seems that that may be the direction you're heading?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: We're getting close to that, Michael. Free cash flow does turn positive about that time actually. I don't have it specifically in front of me, but that sounds about right.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Thanks to everyone for joining us on the call today. And we look forward to talking to you on the Q2 call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp. William H. Spence - PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the PPL Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and year-end 2017 results as well as our general business outlook. We're providing slides with this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements. A discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure for this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the press release, which has been posted on our website and furnished to the SEC. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer, and the heads of our U.S. and UK utility businesses. From Kentucky, that includes Vic Staffieri, LG&E and KU Energy Chairman and CEO, and Paul Thompson, President and Chief Operating Officer of our Kentucky segment. As we announced in early January, Vic will be retiring in March after 17 years at the helm of LG&E and KU and 26 years with those businesses. Paul, who joined LG&E in 1991, will succeed Vic. Vic has provided outstanding leadership to our Kentucky segment, and he's been a very valued member of PPL's senior leadership team. We appreciate his many contributions to PPL. With our strong focus on succession planning, Paul is more than ready to step into this role, and we're pleased to have him joining us on today's earnings call. Congratulations to you both. Moving to slide 3, our agenda for this morning begins with highlights of our 2017 results and a look at 2018 and beyond in light of U.S. tax reform. I'll discuss the strength of our dividend and our commitment to dividend growth, I will also provide an update on the UK regulatory environment. Vince will then review our 2017 segment earning results and provide a more detailed financial overview of our updated financial outlook. As always, we'll leave time to answer your questions. On slide 4, very briefly I'd like to start with the state of our business in light of U.S. tax reform. Tax reform will be beneficial to our domestic customers, as lower corporate income taxes will be reflected in rates. The credit impacts of tax reform on PPL were more than we were expecting given the enacted tax rate of 21% compared to our expectation of 25%. We've taken steps to mitigate the impact of the lower corporate tax rate on earnings and our cash flows. In short, we've added additional equity to our plan in 2018. We've increased our cash distributions from the UK, and we're utilizing the excess value in our foreign currency hedges in 2018, 2019, and 2020. We'll discuss each of these in more detail as we move through the presentation this morning. While there have been a number of changes with respect to our business plan, there are a number of items that actually have not changed. We still expect to grow earnings per share by 5% to 6% through 2020 off of our new 2018 base year. Our updated plan reflects higher projected 2020 earnings per share compared to our previous estimate, despite the effects of tax reform. We're committed to continued dividend growth. And today, we announced a 4% increase in the dividend, consistent with our prior expectations. We are intent on maintaining solid credit ratings as well. We maintained a significant level of capital investment that also drives our long-term value. And we strive for operational performance excellence each day, and we will deliver on our commitments to customers and share owners. The state of our business remains strong, even as we've addressed the impacts of U.S. tax reform. Turning to slide 5, today, we announced that we achieved the high end of our 2017 ongoing earnings guidance range, or $2.25 per share. This was the eighth consecutive year that PPL exceeded the midpoint of its ongoing earnings forecasts, which highlights the operational excellence of our pure-play regulated utilities. The $0.07 improvement over the midpoint of our prior guidance of $2.18 per share was due to lower O&M expenses in the U.S. and UK and favorable weather in the U.S. during the fourth quarter. Turning to 2018, we've updated our business plan to reflect the impacts of U.S. tax reform and our mitigation actions, and have announced our formal 2018 guidance range of $2.20 a share to $2.40 per share with a midpoint of $2.30 per share. Vince will take you through a detailed walk of 2017 actual ongoing earnings to the 2018 midpoint later during his remarks. But, in summary, despite tax reform, our 2018 midpoint is $0.05 higher than our very strong 2017 results. Looking longer term, our objective with this updated business plan is to continue to provide 5% to 6% earnings per share growth through 2020, while improving our credit metrics. We've established the 2018 midpoint as the new baseline for the 5% to 6% growth to coincide with the effective date of tax reform. As expected, the largest adverse effect of U.S. tax reform was on our projected credit metrics, with FFO-to-debt dropping into the low 12% range over the plan period prior to any mitigation effects. In order to support our current ratings with S&P and Moody's, we're targeting to get back to an FFO-to-debt ratio of 13% by the end of 2019. We've taken several steps laying the groundwork to achieve this goal. First, we are utilizing the excess hedge value in 2018 through 2020 to mitigate the near-term tax impact to earnings and cash flow by letting our current hedges settle in their respective years. We feel comfortable with this revised strategy, given the strength of where the pound is trading against the dollar today. Secondly, we plan to issue about $1 billion of equity in 2018 compared to our prior guidance for equity issuances of $350 million per year. Our additional equity needs beyond 2018 will be dependent upon the performance of our businesses, foreign currency and regulatory outcomes. Currently, we expect to issue between $500 million and $1 billion of equity in 2019 and 2020, with very minimal equity needs beyond 2020. We will work to minimize the amount of additional equity needed in 2019 and 2020. Even at the high end of the equity range, we are confident in our ability to achieve the midpoint of our 5% to 6% earnings growth through 2020. And at the low end of the range, we would actually exceed our EPS growth of 5% to 6% guidance through 2020. Turning to the dividend, I want to reiterate that our dividend is secure and we remain committed to dividend growth. In every quarter since 1946, we have paid a dividend to our share owners; and PPL's dividend continues to be an important piece of our overall shareowner return. This year is no exception. We announced a 4% dividend increase for 2018, with an annualized rate of $1.64 per share. I should point out that given our yield is significantly above our peer average, we will continue to monitor this as we consider the growth rate moving forward. We believe the disconnect between our yield and that of our peers is temporary, driven by the current political and regulatory uncertainty that exists in the UK. I want to reiterate our position on the UK regulatory model, in that it remains a premium jurisdiction. Vince and I, along with Robert Symons, recently had a very constructive meeting with the most senior members of Ofgem, the regulator in the UK. Following that meeting, we feel even more confident that WPD is well-positioned for long-term success under the RIIO regulatory framework and that the mid-period review will not be a material event for WPD or for PPL. I'll talk more about my thoughts on the UK in a few minutes. Let's turn to slide 6, where we outline some of our significant accomplishments in 2017. In addition to our strong financial results, from an operations standpoint, we continued to invest in the future, successfully executing on $3.5 billion worth of infrastructure improvements. These investments continue to make our U.S. and UK networks smarter, more reliable, more sustainable, and more resilient. In Pennsylvania, we installed about 600,000 advanced meters, completed significant transmission projects, including the first phase of our $160 million Greater Scranton Transmission Reliability Project, and added hundreds of additional smart grid devices to enhance distribution automation and strengthen grid resilience and reliability. In Kentucky, we completed a 20-year, 540-mile gas main replacement project in the Louisville area and made significant progress of more than $800 million in environmental upgrades as part of a 10-year project to cap and close ash ponds at our coal-fired power plants. In the UK, we continued to make progress on our asset replacement and fault management plants as well as advancing nearly two dozen low-carbon network projects to enable increased adoption of renewable energy resources. As we executed these investment plans, we remain focused on continuous improvement and value for our customers. In Pennsylvania, PPL Electric Utilities recorded its best year ever for safety, reliability, and customer satisfaction. PPL Electric Utilities also achieved the lowest OSHA recordable injury rate as well as the highest customer satisfaction rate in our company's history. The company finished the year near the top decile of public utilities nationwide in limiting the average number of outages per customer. In 2017, our Pennsylvania customers experienced 550,000 fewer power outages than they did just 10 years ago. In Kentucky, LG&E and KU achieved the company's lowest OSHA recordable injury rate in their history, finishing among the best in a group of comparable utilities nationwide while also improving reliability for our customers. In 2017, LG&E and KU also had their best performance for customer reliability in more than a decade. Since 2010, our Kentucky Utilities have reduced both the frequency and duration of customer outages by 35% and 34% respectively. On the generation side of the business, the utilities achieved their lowest combined annual forced outage rate since 2004, once again putting us in the top quartile of our peers forced outage metric for the year. And in the UK, WPD remains on track to achieve its 2017-2018 performance incentive targets, which include reliability and customer satisfaction metrics, with its four distribution network operators maintaining the top four spots for customer satisfaction among all the UK DNOs. This is a testament that the capital dollars we are spending across all three of our business lines are providing real value for customers. Also in 2017, LG&E and KU received Kentucky Public Service Commission approval for a combined rate increase of $116 million, with new rates taking effect July 1 of last year. As we executed on our business plans in 2017, we also remain committed to transparency and sustainability. In November, PPL released a detailed scenario-based climate assessment report, examining the potential impact of climate policies on PPL consistent with a share owner request for increased disclosure. In December, we issued our completed Edison Electric Institute environmental, social, and governance reporting template. PPL was one of a number of EEI member companies that helped to develop the template to provide investors a condensed, consistent look at sustainability metrics across our sector. In January of this year, we announced a new goal to cut the company's carbon dioxide emissions 70% from 2010 levels by the year 2050. We expect to achieve these reductions by economically replacing Kentucky coal-fired generation over time with a mix of renewables and natural gas, improving our energy efficiency, reducing substation greenhouse gas emissions, and cutting vehicle fleet emissions. We also announced our intent to respond to CDP's annual climate survey. In summary, once again in 2017, we demonstrated strong execution across our U.S. and UK businesses as we position the company for continued growth and success. Turning to slide 7, I want to spend a bit of time on the UK regulatory update, as political and regulatory uncertainty in the UK affected our stock price performance during the second half of 2017. We continue to believe based on Ofgem's public comments and our meeting with them earlier this month that we will have the opportunity to earn double-digit real returns in RIIO-2 as the top performer among electric DNOs in the UK. Our meeting with Ofgem was very constructive, and I think both parties really listened to what the others had to say. Ofgem communicated to us that while they are pleased with the outputs being generated by regulated networks under RIIO-1, they believe customers are paying too much for those outputs. This was especially evident in the transmission and gas distribution businesses, where the cost of equity was set much higher than for the electric DNOs, and overall returns on regulated equity in those sectors are higher than our sector. However, even for the electric DNOs, they were expecting a much wider distribution of returns among the companies. As a result, we believe Ofgem's goal for RIIO-2 will be to bring the overall regulatory returns down for transmission and gas distribution and force much more differentiation for electric distribution while preserving the ability for the top performers to still earn a double-digit real return on regulated equity. Therefore, as we've been saying, while we agree the sector in general will likely see lower returns, it is far too early to say that WPD will experience lower returns as the top performing DNO. From our side, we communicated to Ofgem the concerns we have been hearing directly from our investors about the uncertainty of the UK regulation and the impact it's having on investor confidence. We are also aware that some of our investors are actively engaging with Ofgem and expressing their views and concerns to them directly. I would encourage you to continue that direct engagement and to respond to the formal consultation processes, as we have done for the mid-period review and plan to do on the RIIO-2 consultation. As many of you know, the consultation process is underway to determine if a mid-period review for ED1 is required, with a decision expected in the spring of 2018. Ofgem notes that the MPR mechanism was intended to be very limited in scope and that they have not identified any issues that meet the original scope definition. Given that fact, we firmly believe that an MPR with an extension of scope would ultimately lead to increased costs for customers, as regulatory uncertainty will likely drive higher equity risk premiums and higher financing costs. We have made that clear to Ofgem on behalf of our share owners and other stakeholders in our formal consultation response, and they acknowledge that they have heard the same message from many others as well. Based on everything we are aware of to date, we do not expect the MPR to have a material impact on our future results. Regarding RIIO-ED2, we believe it's far too early to predict any outcomes, as the rules have not yet been developed by Ofgem. However, with Ofgem's statements that the best performing companies should still be able to earn double-digit returns and that they want to drive more differentiation between the best and worst performing DNOs, we believe WPD is very well positioned to succeed in that type of regulatory construct in RIIO-ED2. Ofgem expects to consult with stakeholders in early 2018 on the proposed structure for the broader RIIO-2 framework. WPD and PPL will have an opportunity to share our views with Ofgem during this phase, similar to prior price control reviews. Finally, I would like to add that we still have five years before the next rate period takes effect, which begins in April 2023. We've been very successful in the past at navigating through new price controls and mitigating earnings impacts. As we move forward, we will work constructively with Ofgem to continue to deliver positive outcomes for customers and fair returns for our shareowners. In addition, we will keep investors informed of the ongoing regulatory processes and provide greater visibility into UK regulation and financial results. In fact, we are providing expanded disclosures on the UK regulated segment in the business section of our 10-K that will be filed later today. Moving to slide 8, we've updated this slide to reflect our rate base and earnings growth post-tax reform. We expect the U.S. rate base to be higher relative to our prior plan due to the lower tax rates and the elimination of bonus depreciation for regulated utilities. We now project our combined regulated rate base to grow by 6.4% through 2020, increasing to $31 billion. We continue to expect to receive near real-time recovery for about 80% of the $10 billion in infrastructure investment we plan to make during that period, which supports our 5% to 6% EPS growth. Now, I'll turn it over Vince for a more detailed financial overview. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 10 for a review of our financial results. Today, we announced fourth quarter 2017 reported earnings of $0.11 per share, compared with $0.68 per share a year ago. Full-year 2017 reported earnings were $1.64 per share, compared to $2.79 per share a year ago. Lower reported earnings for the quarter and the year reflect a current-year non-cash loss of $321 million or $0.47 per share, due to the impact of U.S. tax reform legislation enacted in December of 2017. This loss was driven by a reduction to deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carry-forward of about $120 million, and pension and other compensation related liabilities of about $90 million, to reflect the decrease in the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. In addition, we established a valuation allowance of about $100 million related to foreign tax credits associated with the transition from a worldwide to a territorial approach to taxing foreign earnings. Adjusting for special items, including the effects of tax reform, fourth quarter 2017 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.55 per share, compared with $0.60 per share a year ago. The $0.05 per share decrease was driven by lower earnings from the UK regulated segment of $0.11, primarily due to higher income taxes due to a benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016 for the utilization of foreign tax credit and lower foreign currency exchange rates in 2017. The lower UK results were partially offset by higher domestic gross margins in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky, and lower operation and maintenance expense in Pennsylvania. Moving to the bottom table, full-year earnings from ongoing operations were $2.25 per share, placing us at the top of our 2017 ongoing earnings guidance range, compared with $2.45 per share for 2016. I'll cover the year-over-year segment earnings drivers in more detail in a moment, but first let me just highlight the impact of weather for the quarter and the year. For the quarter, we experienced $0.01 of favorable domestic weather compared to the prior year and compared to budget, mostly from Kentucky. And for the year, domestic weather negatively impacted our results by $0.04, compared to the prior year and $0.03 compared to budget. In the UK, for the year, weather was flat compared to 2016 and favorable by $0.02 compared to budget. Let's move to a more detailed review of the full-year segment earnings driver, starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 11. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.51 per share in 2017, a $0.01 increase over 2016 results. This year-over-year increase was primarily due to higher gross margins, primarily resulting from additional transmission capital investment and lower operation and maintenance expense. This was partially offset by higher depreciation due to asset additions, higher financing costs, and higher income taxes and other. Moving to slide 12, our Kentucky regulated segment earned $0.57 per share in 2017, a $0.01 decrease from 2016. This year-over-year decline was primarily driven by higher gross margins from higher base electricity and gas rates effective July 1, 2017, of about $0.05, partially offset by lower sales volumes due to unfavorable weather of negative $0.03 and higher depreciation expense due to asset additions. Turning to slide 13, our UK regulated segment earned $1.28 per share in 2017, a $0.21 decrease compared to the same period a year ago. The lower year-over-year results were primarily due to lower foreign currency exchange rates in 2017 compared to 2016 of $0.27, which we were expecting, increased depreciation expense from asset additions, and higher financing costs due to higher interest expense on index-linked debt. This was partially offset by: higher gross margins driven by the April 1, 2016, price increase, partially offset by lower sales volumes; lower operation and maintenance expense primarily from higher pension income; and lower income taxes, primarily due to lower UK income taxes and a 2017 U.S. tax benefit from accelerated pension contributions, partially offset by a U.S. tax benefit recorded in 2016 for the utilization of foreign tax credits. Moving to slide 15 and a more detailed review of the impact of U.S. tax reform, as Bill mentioned, U.S. tax reform will be beneficial to our domestic customers as lower corporate income taxes will be reflected in rate. The final legislation included many of the provisions we and other electric utilities advocated for, including the preservation of interest deductibility for utilities, paid for by foregoing bonus depreciation. However, tax reform does negatively impact earnings and credit through the lower tax yield on holding company interest expense and reduced cash flows at our domestic utilities as we pass through to customers the lower cost of federal income taxes. And since PPL is not a current federal taxpayer, we will see no immediate corporate cash benefit from the reduced tax rate. The net result in our credit metrics was a reduction in our FFO-to-debt metrics into the low 12% range over the planning period, which pressures our current credit rating. Therefore, in response, we expect to settle the foreign currency hedges over the next few years to help mitigate near-term earnings and cash flow impact, and we now plan to increase our equity issuances in 2018. In terms of the UK segment, tax reform shift to a territorial tax system for foreign entities is not expected to have a material impact on PPL. We were able to successfully mitigate the legislation's one-time incremental tax on accumulated foreign earnings with existing net operating losses and foreign tax credits. In addition, the fact that U.S. parent corporations will generally no longer be subject to an incremental U.S. tax on cash repatriation, this provides us with greater flexibility long term to repatriate cash from the UK. As referred to in earlier remarks, we've increased the projected amount of cash repatriation from the UK to pre-Brexit levels of between $300 million and $500 million per year compared to our prior plan of $100 million to $200 million a year, which also results in a corresponding shift in borrowing from the U.S. to the UK segment. While there is now greater long-term flexibility with regards to repatriation, this decision was primarily driven by the change in the U.S. tax rate and the strengthening of the pound. Overall, the impact of U.S. tax reform was a net benefit to our federal cash taxpaying status, as we don't expect to be a federal cash taxpayer now until 2022 or 2023. Lastly, on the regulatory front, on January 29 LG&E and KU reached a settlement agreement subject to approval by the KPSC to commence returning savings related to tax reform to their customers. In Pennsylvania, the PUC requested comments regarding the impact of tax reform on customer rates last week. We are preparing our responses to this request and will wait for formal guidance from the commission. At this point, we have not received formal guidance from FERC. We will continue to work closely with the applicable regulatory bodies to appropriately reflect and incorporate the impact of federal tax reform in our rates. Turning to a discussion of our updated plan, on slide 16 we show a walk from our 2017 actual ongoing earnings of $2.25 per share to the midpoint of our 2018 forecast prior to tax reform of $2.33 per share. We then continue the walk reflecting the impacts of tax reform and then at our current 2018 ongoing earnings forecast midpoint of $2.30 per share. In summary, our 2018 midpoint is still $0.05 per share higher than our strong 2017 results, despite the effects of tax reform. Looking at the detailed operational drivers on the left-hand side of the slide, our UK segment is expected to deliver higher earnings of $0.08 compared to 2017, primarily resulting from a higher foreign currency exchange rate and higher pension income, primarily due to continued pension funding required by our pension trustees, partially offset by higher taxes, primarily the result of $0.11 of tax benefit recorded in 2017 that are not expected to repeat in 2018. In Pennsylvania, we are projecting higher transmission margins, partially offset by higher depreciation due to continued capital investment. In Kentucky, we're projecting higher margins of $0.12, partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense, higher depreciation, and higher financing costs. In terms of our Kentucky margins, the positive projection includes a full year's worth of rate case benefit along with the assumption back to normal weather. Our free tax reform plan included equity issuances of $350 million per year, which results in about $0.05 of dilution for 2018 compared to 2017. Moving to the effects of tax reform on the right-hand side of the slide, as expected, earnings were impacted by about $0.06 from the lower tax shield on holding company interest expense. However, this was more than offset by higher earnings on a higher domestic rate base, higher foreign currency rates as we shifted our hedge strategy to let the excess hedge values flow through each year, effectively eliminating the restrike strategy that we were deploying prior to tax reform and other factors. Finally, we see about $0.05 of incremental dilution from the additional $650 million of equity relative to our prior assumption net of the benefits from lower debt financing. Moving to slide 17, our planned capital expenditures for 2018 through 2022 are detailed on this slide, with infrastructure investment totaling $15 billion over the period. Our revised capital plan increased by about $180 million compared to the prior plan, primarily driven by an increase in Pennsylvania distribution spending to maximize reliability. This incremental distribution capital should be subject to recovery under the DSIC [Distribution System Improvement Charge] mechanism and is consistent with our most recently approved LTIP [Long-Term Incentive Plan] filing. We also slightly increased our reliability-based capital spending in 2018 through 2021 in Kentucky while shifting some of our environmental spending out to later years. We currently project our capital investments to be slightly lower in the back end of the plan compared to current levels due to the completion of advanced metering projects in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky, which is consistent with prior capital plans. We also reflect lower transmission spend in Pennsylvania in 2021 and 2022. As we only include identified projects in our capital plan, there could be further capital spending opportunities, as we often identify projects during the execution of our plan. I'll also point out that this five-year capital plan does not include Project Compass. And finally moving to slide 18 for a foreign currency update, post-tax reform we have updated our hedge portfolio to incorporate the lower tax rate of 21%, down from 35%. We are now 100% hedged for the remainder of 2018 at an average of a $1.34 per pound and 100% hedged for 2019 at an average rate of $1.39. And since the third quarter call, we've continued to layer on additional hedges for 2020 and are now 35% hedged at an average rate of $1.46. To help offset the earnings and credit impacts from tax reform, we expect to let our current hedges settle in their respective years without significant additional restrikes going forward. The restrike strategy served its purpose to provide some stability and flexibility as the pound was under a lot of pressure immediately following the Brexit vote in 2016. Looking forward and given the strength of the pound, we would expect to hedge more in line with the ranges established by our risk management framework on a rolling 36-month basis. As a reminder, we target 70% to 100% hedged in year one, 30% to 70% hedged in year two, and zero to 30% hedged in year three. As I mentioned, we've increased our budgeted rate on 2020 open positions to be more reflective of current market rates. However, this remains a conservative assumption, as the current average forward rate for 2020 is well above $1.40. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period. Bill?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Vince. Before turning to your questions, I want to reiterate a couple things. First, we believe that we have a solid low-risk organic growth plan that we can deliver on. Delivering on this plan in fact has been our strategic focus since the spinoff of our competitive generation business, and that focus has not changed. Our attention is squarely on delivering long-term earnings growth, on strengthening our balance sheet, and on reaching a positive resolution on the mid-period review in the UK, all of which we are making progress towards. We believe PPL continues to be a very compelling investment opportunity within our sector. The underlying fundamentals of our business are strong. Nothing we see on the horizon changes that view. We continue to project competitive earnings growth and a secure and growing dividend even post-tax reform. We continue to demonstrate an ability to mitigate challenges that affect our business, as we did with Brexit last year, and now again with U.S. tax reform. Our utilities remain among the very best in the regions they serve, and we're continuing to invest responsibly to make the grid smarter, more reliable, more resilient, and to advance a cleaner energy future. The bottom line is we will continue to deliver on our commitments to customers and share owners, and we will continue to deliver long-term value to those who invest in PPL. With that, operator, let's open the call up for some questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Today's first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, so perhaps let me just start off on the obvious questions around tax reform and FFO-to-debt. Can you elaborate a little bit more about the longer term here? So obviously you're targeting 13% here in the medium term. How do you think about that in a longer-term sense? Is this still the right range for you to think about? And then in tandem with that, can you comment a little bit about equity needs beyond just the next few years here?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. So I do think that getting back to about 13% by next year is very important to maintain the current ratings that we have, which we think is important for the overall strength of the business. So we do believe that credit, FFO-to-debt metrics in particular, will continue to improve even beyond 2019. As far as equity needs post-2020, we think they're going to be very minimal, probably just the DRIP [Dividend Reinvestment Plan] of $100 million or less per year. So in effect, we've accelerated a lot of the $350 million a year that we would have had otherwise in 2021 and 2022, so that's been pulled forward. And as we indicated, well, we're very confident that even at the high end of the equity range that we gave for 2019 and 2020, that we can still achieve the midpoint of our 5% to 6% earnings per share growth.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But 13% is – you alluded to some improvement beyond the end of 2019. How much better do you think you're getting as you look at your plan over the forecasted period?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: I'd say, it'd probably be another 100 basis points by the end of the period as we get out in time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, and that's a more sustainable level in your mind over the long-term?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: I think certainly north of 13% would be a sustainable level that we're targeting.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then just to follow up...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Hey, Julien, it's Vince. So, as Bill said, the credit metric will continue to improve once we get to 13% in 2019 and 2020. We think it's important to continue to show strength in the FFO-to-debt as we move towards that taxpaying status of 2022-2023 because we don't want to drop below 13% at that time and have to issue additional equity. So I think building up a little strength as we go through the next five years will certainly serve us well longer term.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right, excellent. And just perhaps following from there real quickly, as you think about the near years, you've got a 5% to 6% through 2020, but you've got a rate base CAGR that goes through the 2022 period. What are the kind of puts and takes if you're not ready to kind of roll forward your EPS CAGR in the next couple years? Obviously, you've got the dynamics in the UK, but can you talk about maybe the FX and any other kind of puts and takes there? (39:41).
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Sure. So FX is probably one of the key ones, and the forward curve currently for 2021 is $1.49. So clearly that's $0.09 above where we're currently projecting 2020 earnings, or based our earnings on 2020 at $1.40. So there's clearly significant upside should the forward curve continue to show that kind of strength. In terms of other puts and takes, you mentioned the rate base growth. That will continue. I believe over the entire period it's just above 6%. That, in the 5% to 6%, range will continue beyond 2020. So that's going to be a key driver of earnings, as well as just, I would say overall cost management, cost containment, which we've done a really good job of managing over time. So I think those are a couple of the key factors.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, excellent. I'll leave it there. Best of luck.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you, good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: First question, the extra $650 million of equity that you're planning for this year, will that be covered from internal program like DRIP, ATM, or would that require some kind of block issuance? What's the thought there?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Our thought is the DRIP and ATM would be probably the most efficient. And we think that given the incremental $650 million is not that significant, overall, we could issue probably much more than $1 billion overall for the year under the ATM and DRIP programs. So we think it's very doable. And as always, we'll look at other means and use the most efficient means, but ATM is the most likely mechanism.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I see. And then, Bill, you made this point in your slide. This is the eighth consecutive year where you've actually exceeded the midpoint of your guidance. Should we assume, given that track record and trend, that there is a healthy dose of conservatism built into your 2018 guidance?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Well, I think certainly we have had a track record that's been very positive of delivering above our midpoint of our earnings guidance. I think we put together what we believe are very solid business plans. They have proven to be conservative I guess in the past, if you look back at the track record. But one of the reasons we gave you a range for the equity issuances for 2019 and 2020 of $500 million to $1 billion was the fact that we have delivered in excess of the midpoint. So taking that into account, as well as some of the other moving parts, for example, we don't have the regulatory outcomes yet in Pennsylvania nor at FERC, we think that there is some upside there; not only just been delivering, but that $500 million is probably achievable in terms of the equity in 2019 and 2020 if things fall in place as they could. So again, kind of being conservative. We wanted to point out that even at the very high end, the $1 billion of equity in each of the three years, we can still meet the midpoint of the 5% to 6%. And if we can lower the equity raise, then we're going to be above that range.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, just clarifying your comments (43:32) so you laid out your 2020-2022 CapEx plan which equate to a 5.4% CAGR on rate base, per your math. And as you point out, the forward exchange rates are much higher today than the $1.40 that you're budgeting. So given conditions as they are today, is it fair to say that that 5% to 6% should be sustainable through 2022 given what we know today?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Given what we know today and the forward curve at $1.49, we could maintain the 5% to 6%, yes. But we're not issuing formal guidance right now. But with those assumptions that you outlined, that would be achievable, correct.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Jonathan. <: Just one question. Can you give us a little sense of what your most likely option for executing on the equity is?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure, I think it would be the combination of ATM and DRIP. And we think that that's very doable in the current environment. And particularly as we get beyond the mid-period review and some of the initial RIIO-2 framework, we think we'll see some strength in the stock and some of the uncertainty removed. And so I think ATM for now is our assumption and probably a pretty good one from our perspective.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And the DRIP I think you said is about $100 million?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: That's correct.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then I had a question on the walk from 2017 to 2018 that was on slide 16.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yes.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm sure this is obvious, and I apologize for the question if so. But why is it that Kentucky, the impact of tax reform on Kentucky is negative, but that on Pennsylvania is positive?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Vince, do you want to?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, Jonathan, Kentucky has holding company debt as well, where PA has none. So they in addition to cap funding are losing the tax shield on going from 35% to 21% on their holding company debt.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: But that's encompassed within the number you've given for overall holding company debt impact, but it's just in that segment. Is that correct?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: It's in the $0.06 that I talked about on that first bucket for the lower tax shield on HoldCo interest. It's in that $0.06 that's cap funding MLP.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, so it's a segment allocation thing. Okay. I think that's – and then I just have one other question. On the 13% you're talking about around FFO-to-debt, is that the threshold that you currently have, or is that where you feel you need to be to be comfortable? I just want to be clear whether – because I guess we didn't see you guys put on negative outlook, so we don't have a clearer sense of exactly where your threshold might be.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: So the threshold previously as indicated by Moody's was 12% to 15% FFO-to-debt. With tax reform, we would be skating at the bottom of that range, and we felt that was probably not the best place to be. And in conversations with the rating agencies, we felt that it was probably most prudent to add some more equity into the plan. And given we had the hedge value that we could utilize to maintain our EPS growth rates, we felt that that was the best way to do it.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Jonathan, that is one of the open items as we think about the $500 million to $1 billion for 2019 and 2020. We've had initial discussions with the agencies, but I would not say we've had fulsome discussions in detail with either of them, and so we need to do that. And so ultimately, we'll flesh out where that ultimately needs to be to maintain our credit ratings with both agencies. But at this point we're assuming 13% will be a comfortable area.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you. Just to be sure I fully understood you on equity, we're saying in 2019 and 2020 it's at least $500 million each year, but it could be up to $1 billion each year.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: That's correct.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: It is. But if we're at the $500 million, that will simply be pulling forward 2021 and 2022 because we're going from $350 million to basically less than $100 million in those years.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: Today's next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys, just a bigger picture question. Given a few factors, meaning tax reform in the U.S., higher interest rates overall, how do you think those two things change your competitive positioning relative to other U.S. and European utilities? And how does that trickle into your view of whether further consolidation on either continent is both value-added and worthwhile?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Let me try to – let me take the last part of your question first, Michael. On the M&A front, I don't really think that tax reform overall is going to have a significant effect within our sector, whether that's in the EU or here in the U.S. I think the one effect it could have is it does remove the uncertainty about what tax reform might have been. So from that perspective, it might create some more opportunity for some. But I don't think the fundamentals of the business overall have changed much because everyone is pretty much on the same level playing field. Now having said that, for PPL specifically, because 50% of our business is in the UK and 50% is here, as interest rates rise in the U.S., we've got somewhat of a hedge against rising interest rates here vis-à-vis the UK. So to the extent that the UK interest rates remain much lower than they are here in the U.S., that could be a positive to the stock. And I think overall, we don't see a whole lot of change from the PPL perspective and our view of M&A. So what we've said in the past is that we can be successful with the organic growth plan that we have. We don't need M&A to be successful. I think we've been pretty transparent that as we think about M&A, our objective has been to strengthen our EPS growth rate and credit metrics if we were to engage in M&A. Said another way, I'm unaware of any transaction that would meet these objectives today. Our focus is clearly on delivering long-term earnings growth, which we can do organically. I'd also mention that currently we think our stock is undervalued, and we believe that transaction multiples are currently – continue to be pretty excessive and would not allow us to achieve our objectives in any M&A kind of scenario.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys. Thank you, Bill, much appreciated for that.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome, Michael.
Operator: That is the end of our question-and-answer session. Please go ahead, sir.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. I was just going to say, seeing no other names in the queue, we'll just say thanks to everyone for joining us today, and we'll catch up with you on the next earnings call, if not before. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp. William H. Spence - PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp. Victor A. Staffieri - Kentucky Utilities Co. Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Electric Utilities Corporation
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note, today's event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please, go ahead, sir.
Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter results as well as our general business outlook. We're providing slides to this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the press release, which has been posted on our website and furnished to the SEC. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you joined us this morning. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; and the Heads of our U.S. and U.K. Utility businesses. Since we will see many of you at EEI next week and considering the number of earnings calls being held this week, we plan to keep our prepared remarks brief and move quickly to the Q&A. Moving to slide 2, our agenda this morning starts with an update to our 2017 full year earnings guidance, which we are increasing today, and a brief discussion of our longer-term growth trajectory. Vince will then provide an overview of our quarterly and year-to-date earnings results along with the more detailed financial review. Then, we'll get right to your questions. Turning to slide 3, based on our strong performance year-to-date, we're raising the midpoint of our 2017 ongoing earnings guidance, despite the unfavorable effects of weather in Kentucky and Pennsylvania. We're updating our 2017 forecast range from the previous $2.05 to $2.25 per share to $2.10 to $2.25 per share, increasing the midpoint of our forecast from $2.15 to $2.18 per share. Strong year-to-date earnings in the U.K. Regulated segment give us the confidence to raise the low end of our guidance. Drivers behind the strong U.K. performance include higher sales volumes, primarily from weather, lower operating and maintenance expense, and lower income taxes. As a result, we updated the segment forecasts since the second quarter call, by increasing the U.K. Regulated segment by $0.04 and by lowering the Kentucky Regulated segment $0.01 due to the continued impacts of unfavorable weather, which Vince will comment on later in his remarks. The Pennsylvania segment and Corporate and Other are expected to deliver in line with the second quarter earnings forecast. We continue to expect 5% to 6% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2017 through 2020, measured against the original 2017 ongoing earnings forecast midpoint of $2.15 per share. We're in the process of updating our business plans now, and we will provide earnings guidance for 2018 and an update to our longer-term growth rate on the year-end call. Our current plan includes investing more than $16 billion in infrastructure from 2017 through 2021 and achieving essentially real-time recovery for more than three-quarters of that investment. Our investments are focused on expanding and modernizing the grid, adding smart grid technology and automation, as well as strengthening physical and cyber security. We also continue to target annual dividend growth of about 4% a year through 2020. And as I've indicated in the past, the strength of our growth plan is built on the low risk nature of our business plans and is supported by the strength of our hedging program and our stable stream of utility earnings and cash flows. Now, I'll turn the call over to Vince to cover the financial highlights. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 5 for a review of our financial results. Today, we announced third quarter 2017 reported earnings of $0.51 per share compared with $0.69 per share a year ago. Year-to-date through the third quarter, reported earnings were $1.53 per share compared to $2.11 per share through the first nine months of 2016. Adjusting for special items, third quarter 2017 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.56 per share compared with $0.63 per share a year ago. The $0.07 per share decrease was driven by lower earnings from the U.K. Regulated segment of $0.11 per share, primarily due to $0.07 from lower foreign currency exchange rates in 2017. Corporate and Other was positive by $0.04 per share due to the partial reversal of the timing impact created in the first quarter related to recording our annual estimated income taxes. I'll cover the quarterly segment earnings drivers in more detail in a moment. Moving to the bottom table, earnings from ongoing operations were $1.70 per share through the first nine months of 2017 compared with $1.86 per share through the same period a year ago. Our year-to-date earnings from ongoing operations were lower by $0.16 per share driven by lower earnings from the U.K. Regulated segment of $0.10, lower earnings from our Kentucky and Pennsylvania segments, $0.02 each, and an unfavorable variance for Corp and Other of $0.02, again due to the timing impact created in the first quarter related to recording annual estimated income taxes. Expected lower foreign currency exchange rates resulted in $0.24 per share of lower earnings in 2017 compared to 2016. We've included to the right, additional drivers contributing to our year-to-date earnings variance. The April 1, 2016 price increase in the U.K., the base rate increases in Kentucky and additional transmission margins in Pennsylvania partially offset the negative effects of the lower foreign currency exchange rate, lower sales volumes and higher depreciation and interest expense resulting from continued capital investment. Before getting into the segment details, let me just highlight the impact of weather for both the quarter and year-to-date. For the quarter, mild domestic weather resulted in a $0.03 negative impact compared to the prior year and a $0.01 negative impact compared to budget. And on a year-to-date basis, domestic weather negatively impacted our results compared to prior year by $0.05 and $0.04 compared to budget. In the U.K., on a year-to-date basis, weather was favorable by $0.02 compared to budget and flat compared to 2016. Let's move to a more detailed review of the second quarter segment earnings drivers, starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 6. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.13 per share in the third quarter of 2017, flat compared to the same period last year. These results were due to higher transmission margins resulting from additional capital investments and lower operation and maintenance expense. These favorable drivers were primarily offset by lower distribution margins due to mild weather of $0.01 and higher depreciation expense. Moving to slide 7, Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.18 per share in the third quarter of 2017, also flat compared to a year ago. These results were driven by higher base electricity and gas rates that were effective July 1 of 2017. These were offset by lower sales volumes due to unfavorable weather of $0.02 and higher depreciation expense. Turning to slide 8, our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.24 per share in the third quarter of 2017, an $0.11 decrease compared to the same period a year ago. The lower results were primarily from lower foreign currency exchange rates in 2017 compared to 2016 of $0.07, which was expected, lower gross margins resulting from lower sales volumes, higher financing costs due to higher interest expense on index-linked debt and higher income taxes. These results were partially offset by lower operational and maintenance expense primarily from pensions. Moving to slide 9 for a hedging update, we fully hedged our U.K. earnings through 2019 at rates above $1.30/£ budgeted rate in our EPS growth target. Since the second quarter call, we've continued to reposition our hedge value for 2018 and 2019 and have further hedged 2020, which is now 15% hedged at an average rate of $1.4/£. With hedges above our budgeted rate in 2018, 2019, and 2020, we have incremental hedge value of about $0.14 across the three years. Our current plan is to maintain this incremental hedge value to protect against potential depreciation in the exchange rate during Brexit negotiations or any other geopolitical event that could result in a negative currency impact. We have the hedges in place to de-risk our business plan, providing us a high degree of confidence in our ability to achieve the 5% to 6% EPS growth rate through 2020. And as you know, we have a dynamic hedging program that we evaluate regularly, which really enables us to be responsive to changing market conditions and risks. Moving to slide 10, we have refreshed the foreign currency forecast through September 30. The bearish view for 2020 remains around $1.40/£ and the bullish case much higher. You can see why the green line, the forward curve, is still above our budgeted rate through 2020. We will continue to be opportunistic in layering on additional hedges to limit future earnings volatility and provide transparent earnings stability to our shareholders. If the pound continues to trade at levels above our budgeted rate, we would expect to be able to achieve the high end of our guided growth range. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Vince. In summary, we're confident we can deliver on our 2017 earnings forecast. We're also confident in our ability to deliver the 5% to 6% compound annual earnings growth off of the $2.15 per share through 2020. And we remain confident in our ability to deliver targeted annual dividend growth of about 4% through the same period. Before we open the call to questions, I would like to recognize and thank the men and women of PPL for their hard work and dedication in supporting the storm response efforts from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. We have used our industry's mutual assistance program in the past, especially during Superstorm Sandy, and we are proud to provide that much needed support to our friends in Texas and Florida. With that, operator, let's open the call to questions, please.
Operator: Absolutely. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Today's first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So, I suppose the best way to frame this is, can you give us a little bit of context into what's going on in the U.K. with respect to the bill, let's call it bill inflation, and everything with respect to the retailers, to how and if – to what degree would you ever expect that to impact you all, I perceive a good degree of confidence. Can you expand on that confidence on your side?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, just so folks on the call are aware, I think, in the U.K., there's been a lot of concern on behalf of some consumer advocates in particular about the total effect of electricity and natural gas prices in the U.K. and the focus has been predominantly on the suppliers. So, in the U.K., every consumer has to pick an independent gas or electric supply source, most of those come from fairly good-sized marketer. So, there's been a lot of focus on the volatility and the overall cost associated with the supply component of the bill. So, obviously, the distribution component is much lower, supply being typically about 70% of the bill. So, thus far, we still feel confident as you described, Julien, not only because the focus has predominately been on the suppliers, but also because there's a great track record with Ofgem and the value that their process regulatory framework has provided to the ultimate consumers. That value is measured directly, and very openly and transparently, to consumers through things like customer service metrics, reliability metrics and the overall very reasonable cost to deliver power to the customers. So, again, we feel confident that the overall regulatory framework will remain intact and, as you know, we're really set up for continuing to deliver on the approved plan through 2023. So we have a long runway, yet, on the current process, and the new process for beyond 2023 is just now kicking off.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. That's actually a perfect segue into the next question, just real quickly, as a follow-up. Can you give us any color on the ongoing workshops surrounding the RIIO-2, the published framework in 1Q 2018? What do you think will be the focus?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, the stakeholder responses to the first element, if you will, of the new – of the process was an open letter that Ofgem published back in the late summer. Responses to that letter, which essentially asked for comments on how various stakeholders felt about the current processes, not only for the electric companies, but also for the gas companies, specifically for the electric companies, the responses were due on September 4th. We didn't see anything in the responses that concerned us in this – in the stakeholder comments that we read. The purpose of the framework review is really to build on the lessons learned from the current price control review and develop a framework that would be adaptable to meeting the needs of kind of the evolving U.K. energy sector. As you're aware, we've been successful in the past at navigating through new price controls and feel there's ample time to effectively prepare for the start of RIIO-ED2, which is the next process we get into. We're very early in that process and, as I mentioned, no changes would take effect until 2023; it'd be April of 2023. So, again, we've got a lot of opportunity to participate constructively and shape the framework associated with RIIO-2 to have an outcome that we think is fair to shareowners as well as stakeholders in the U.K.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Excellent. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome, Julien.
Operator: And our next questions come from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. First question, as you're looking at this mid-period review on RIIO-1, can you again verify, of course, you're still confident you don't expect anything to change for you through that process? And what's the key milestone or date in your mind to get full clarity on this mid-period review?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. We don't see any justification for an adjustment to our RIIO-1 business plan, and that's based upon the criteria that they've set out for any types of adjustments, but also our past experience, where we haven't seen anything meaningful be adjusted in the past. I would also point out that we were, fast-track, the only companies to be fast-tracked in the U.K. and that basically was because we had fully justified very sound business plans. So, again, we feel there is no justification at this time for any adjustment. As far as when the clarity comes, we do have a slide in the deck, I think it's slide 22, that shows the indicative timetable. So, if you look at kind of a go/no-go decision, we're looking at something probably in early 2018 timeframe.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And on the RIIO-2 process, Bill, as you mentioned, that goes on, for you, until April 2023 when things turn. As you know, the water utilities and the gas transmission relays, obviously, have earlier dates coming up. How significant, in your mind, are the parameters that will be set, for example, for the water companies that will be still a few years ahead of you as far as read-through to your parameters, cost of equity, et cetera, or do you think that, given the timeframe difference, you wouldn't extrapolate from that? How are you thinking about that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So, relative to the water companies, Ofwat, which is a different regulator than Ofgem, that regulates the electric and gas utilities, Ofwat has a different process and the way in which they deal with things like cost of capital has historically been different. So, we haven't seen an ability to kind of do a read-across or read-through from outcomes in Ofwat in the past and I would suspect that it would be difficult as well given as you mentioned there is a time difference, number one. But, number two, the framework and the way that they deal with the water companies has historically been quite a bit different than on the electric and gas side.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Last question, again, on the U.K. Well, lot of speculation that at some point maybe whenever the elections come up, the opposition party may come to power. Any read on views on the sector from that side that would concern you, as you are thinking about any political change in the U.K.?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I think, the framework itself has worked historically very, very well. So, there is a great track record to defend, if you will, the framework. And I think to kind of put the toothpaste back in the tube, if you will, to try to change the model very significantly would be a very big challenge. I'm sure you can appreciate that, in general, it's easy for politicians to make promises and much harder for them to deliver on those promises, given the realities of some of these situations. So, it could change, we could see some pressure. I don't think that in the end because of the great track record that this framework has delivered for customers that you're going to see a major shift.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I see. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please, go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Same topic, I'm afraid, but, I mean just, I saw a stat the other day that the public opinion now apparently almost 80% in favor of electric sector being under national ownership – or public ownership, what do you make of that? And just how are they going to – why are you so confident that the things stay on the current track when you've got those kind of numbers floating around?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: I think that number one is, I'm not sure that the public probably has the full picture of how the framework exists or works today, not that they have been educated on it at all. So, it's not surprising. I think that in the end, the Ofgem is an independent regulatory body. So, they're going to be the ones making the decision, whether the framework gets changed or not. Now politically, someone could propose legislation and either change that process, so that it's not independent as it is today. But, again, that would take significant movement in parliament on both sides. So, even if the Labour Party were to come to power in an election and start to change things, it still got to go through a process, a fairly lengthy process, given that that's going to be a lengthy process and given that we've seen changes in the political landscape, significant ones, just in the last five years and we've still got six years to run on the current timeframe till we get to 2023. So, I guess my view is a lot of things are likely to change between now and 2023. It's going to be a long and, I think, a difficult process to put that toothpaste back in the tube, as I describe it, after a very long and successful kind of run with the framework. So, that's kind of our opinion on it. Obviously, we continue to monitor it. And I think once we know what the outcome might be in any kind of new political regime, we'll then begin to reach out and make sure that all those on the political side are aware of the positive track record and what this really means if they were to move in a different direction.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. But what do you make of the recent consultant report the government commissioned, which raised the possibility of intervening in RIIO-1 prior to the end of the period, and kind of also had this concept, I think they call it arm-twisting, where it would be policy to try and pressure network owners into some sort of pre-emptive concession? If someone else was to kind of cave to that kind of pressure, how do you think you would handle that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Well, I think it would depend on the specific circumstances. If, for example, one of the other companies is significantly under spending, I believe there was already an adjustment made on the transmission side because it was a very large transmission project that's not going to go forward, that was included in the transmission revenue construct. So, a major project like that, maybe that arm-twisting, as you put it, could be effective. I think in our case, first, as I mentioned earlier, we are the only companies to be fast-tracked, meaning that we had a very well justified business plan and, therefore, we don't see any justification for an adjustment based on the rules that are set forth today. If one of our peers on the distribution side were to acquiesce, if you will, and adjust the revenues downward, we have to look at their circumstance. I think if you look at what we're delivering compared to the business plan we put forth, we're right on track, if not slightly ahead. So, I think we're well-positioned to defend any type of challenge to an adjustment to our plan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, your strong operating performance would give you at least a stronger position to argue from, I would guess?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Absolutely.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. And then, can I just ask, Bill, sort of a related topic, but given all of this focus which doesn't seem to be showing any signs of dying down, does it change your sort of level of comfort with the current mix in the business and potential appetite to sort of address that through maybe M&A domestically?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: No, we're very confident in the business mix. We think for the long-term, it's the right type of balance that we have. And we do think that in the longer-term, this is going to work itself out and that the jurisdiction, as it exists today and even with some tweaks, we think is still going to be a premium jurisdiction that's going to provide really great returns for shareowners. So, we're happy with the business mix; don't see any need to change it at this time.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. I want to come to the U.S. business for a second, and when we look at both Pennsylvania and Kentucky, one of the things that stands out, really in both states, is neither state has very much in the way of renewable supply. Just curious how you're thinking about whether the generation portfolio mix in the state – and in one state, Kentucky, you own the generation and rate base, in the other you obviously don't, but just curious how you think the supply mix changes over time, meaning five years, seven years, eight years, and what your role, if any, is in the changing of that supply mix?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, let me touch on Kentucky, first. Then, I'll turn it over to Vic Staffieri to maybe comment on that. So, Vic, do you want to take that one?
Victor A. Staffieri - Kentucky Utilities Co.: Yes. In Kentucky, we're driven by the regulatory process, which is at least-cost basis. And so, we'll be within the control of the economics, frankly, and so we would see, over time, a migration more towards natural gas, depending on the pricing. Right now, we don't show a customer need for additional generation, but I would expect in the future that it'll move more towards gas, just given the economic framework and the regulatory process, which is a least-cost approach.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Do think, Michael, we're well-positioned in Kentucky. We have the largest solar facility in the state that was approved by the commission as Vic mentioned. We do have to go through a process there. It's an integrated resource plan that we put together roughly every three years. We've also got customer options that are available to them for solar if they choose to install it, we can do that within the regulated framework. So, I think we're well-positioned. Should customers want additional solar, either on their own or as we go through the regulatory process, we'll look to see what's the most economic thing to do for our customers. Relative to Pennsylvania, I'll let Greg comment, but maybe just to mention that, as you're aware, we do not own generation any longer in the State of Pennsylvania. We're required to purchase for those that don't shop for their electricity, we're required to purchase a component of renewable energy based on some guidelines that the state has put forth. Those haven't been that significant over time in terms of specifically solar and wind. We are seeing a bit more activity on the solar front. Maybe, Greg, you could comment about how you see things from a renewable energy mix based on what you're seeing in Pennsylvania.
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Electric Utilities Corporation: Yeah. So, I guess – so, we are, just as Bill said, when we purchase our default supply, we go out for bids and the mix, we have to have a certain percentage of renewables in that mix, and that's set by legislation. Beyond that, now, we're seeing an uptick in solar applications on a part of our customers. So, it's – we're starting to see the impact in our business already. So, we see it continuing just like it is across the country.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it, guys. Thank you. Much appreciated.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, hi. So, just, Bill, you mentioned, you'll be reviewing the 2018 and growth rate on the year-end call. Just any high level color on the trend in the capital plan, I guess in particular, and it seems like it's pretty stable overall, but just is there any kind of upward movement at all in capital needs in the utilities?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: I think it is, Steve, pretty stable, so, I don't see any significant changes once we update the plan on the capital side.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay, you're welcome.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for your participation on today's call and we look forward to seeing everyone at EEI next week. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. And we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp. William H. Spence - PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp. Robert A. Symons - PPL UK Distribution Holdings Ltd. Victor A. Staffieri - Kentucky Utilities Co.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein. Please go ahead.
Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter results as well as our general business outlook. We're providing slides to this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measures, you should refer to the press release, which has been posted on our website and has been furnished with the SEC. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us this morning. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; as well as the Heads of our U.S. and U.K. Utility businesses. Moving to slide 2; our agenda this morning starts with an overview of our quarterly and our year-to-date 2017 earnings results. We'll provide an update to our full 2017 year earnings guidance as well as a brief operational overview, including an overview of Ofgem's RIIO-2 process. Vince will then review our segment results and provide a more detailed financial review. As always, we'll leave time to answer your questions. Turning to slide 3; PPL had another strong quarter with very solid results through the first half of the year, and we are reaffirming our earnings guidance for 2017. PPL's earnings for the quarter and year-to-date are lower compared to 2016, as expected, primarily driven by lower foreign currency exchange rates in 2017. Today, we announced second quarter of 2017 reported earnings of $0.43 per share, compared with $0.71 per share a year ago. Year-to-date through the second quarter, reported earnings were $1.01 per share, compared to $1.41 per share through the first half of 2016. Adjusting for special items, second quarter 2017 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.52 per share, compared with $0.56 per share a year ago. Lower foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted second quarter of 2017 earnings from ongoing operations by $0.07 per share, compared to 2016. The remaining quarterly increase in earnings from ongoing operations of $0.03 per share was due to lower operating and maintenance expenses in Kentucky and in the U.K. Through the first six months of 2017, earnings from ongoing operations were $1.14 per share, this compares with $1.23 per share through the same period a year ago. Lower foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted 2017 year-to-date earnings from ongoing operations by the amount of $0.17 per share, compared with last year. The remaining increase in year-to-date earnings from ongoing operations of $0.08 per share was primarily due to the April 1, 2016 annual price increase in the U.K., partially offset by unfavorable weather in Kentucky. Vince will go in to greater detail on second quarter results later in the call. Moving now to slide 4; today, we're reaffirming our 2017 ongoing earnings forecast of $2.05 to $2.25 per share with the midpoint of $2.15 per share and are providing an updated segment breakdown. We've revised our Kentucky segment ongoing earnings projection for 2017 to $0.56 for the year, compared – primarily as a result of lower electricity sales volumes due to unfavorable weather. At the same time, the earnings for the U.K. Regulated segment are expected to come in stronger for the year. We're now projecting $1.20 per share in the U.K. due to lower operating and maintenance expenses and lower income taxes. Looking beyond 2017, we continue to expect 5% to 6% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2017 through 2020 as we execute our business plans, including more than $13 billion in infrastructure investment through 2020. As we look forward, we also continue to target annual dividend growth of about 4% a year through 2020. Now, let's turn to slide 5 for an update on our Kentucky Utility operations; in June, the Kentucky Public Service Commission authorized a combined rate increase of $116 million for Kentucky Utilities and Louisville Gas and Electric with new rates taking effect on July 1. The Commission authorized a 9.7% return on equity. Consistent with the base rate case, the Commission also lowered the ROE on our environmental cost recovery mechanisms from 10% and 9.8% to 9.7%. We've incorporated the final outcome of the Kentucky rate cases into our earnings forecast, including the lower ROE and the deferred advanced meter capital expenditures of approximately $300 million. We remain confident that we will be solidly within the 5% to 6% compound annual earnings growth range that we projected through 2020. The revenue increase approved by the Commission will support continued investments in safe, reliable electricity and natural gas service. Also in Kentucky, LG&E recently completed its 540-mile, 20-year gas-main replacement, which strengthens the safety and reliability of gas service in Louisville. The project replaced wrought-iron and bare steel natural gas pipelines with durable plastic pipelines. LG&E's project began 15 years before stringent federal regulations were adopted requiring such replacements. Many utilities only began making these types of upgrades within the last five years. Last but not least, our domestic utilities continue to lead the way in customer satisfaction in their regions according to J.D. Power. Kentucky Utilities ranked the highest among midsized electric utilities in the Midwest, with Louisville Gas and Electric coming in second. Turning to slide 6, for our Pennsylvania operational update; just as we recognized – we were recognized for superior customer service in our Kentucky Utilities, PPL Electric Utilities ranked the highest among large utilities in the East. In all, PPL's U.S. Utilities have won a combined 45 J.D. Power awards among the Best Utility Companies in the nation. In other highlights, PPL Electric Utilities continues to enhance its Smart Grid capabilities. Prior to this spring, the company already had one of the nation's most advanced distribution automation systems in the country. We've added hundreds of additional Smart Grid devices to prevent power outages and make our system even more resilient. Similar improvements made in 2016 prevented more than 100,000 customer interruptions last year. We expect our latest enhancements to yield additional benefits for our Pennsylvania customers as we move forward. PPL Electric Utilities also continues to make good progress on its $471 million advanced meter replacement project. This includes the replacement of all 1.4 million meters in our Pennsylvania service territory. Approximately 280,000 meters have been replaced to-date and we expect that number to rise to more than 520,000 by the end of the year. Moving to slide 7 and the U.K, our U.K. regulator Ofgem issued an open letter seeking feedback from stakeholders as it begins the process of constructing a framework for RIIO-2. This is a standard course for Ofgem. Responses to the open letter are due September 4 and will help guide the proposed RIIO-2 consultation process to begin in the first quarter of 2018. We are very early on in the process and as you know, any changes for WPD would not take effect until RIIO-ED2 begins in April 2023. We view Ofgem's action as a positive development and that we will have the opportunity to participate constructively in shaping the framework associated with RIIO-2. We've worked well with the Ofgem in the past and delivered positive results for WPD and we have no reason to believe that we would not continue to benefit from the consultation process and the final framework of RIIO-2. The purpose of this review is to build on lessons learned from the current price controls in the gas transmission and distribution businesses and to develop a framework that will be adaptable to meeting the needs of an evolving U.K. Energy sector. To continue with slide 8; any changes to the RIIO framework are expected to focus on giving customers a stronger voice in setting outputs and assessing business plans, providing fair returns for share owners and good value for consumers, properly reflecting business risks and prevailing market conditions, while incentivizing companies to drive value, innovation and efficiency. To mention a few of the specifics, Ofgem indicated they will consider the length of the price control, which for WPD is currently 8 years, potentially aligning the price controls for gas, transmission, and distribution in terms of timing and the engagement process. And the process for how it sets cost of capital given the change in market conditions that could occur over a price-control period. As a reminder, the current price-control period for WPD RIIO-ED1 runs through March of 2023 and will not be impacted by this RIIO-2 consultative process. Ofgem has a long history of constructive regulatory frameworks and we believe the consultation process will result in a fair outcome. We've been successful in the past at navigating through new price controls and we believe there is ample time to effectively prepare for the start of RIIO-ED2. You may recall that we were very successful at mitigating a revenue reset to obviate a sharp decline in our U.K. segment earnings at the start of RIIO-ED1 back in 2015. And in fact, we accomplished earnings growth, compared to 2014. Given how early Ofgem is starting the review process for RIIO-2, we have time to plan for potential changes to the framework. Our strategy for RIIO-2 will be to provide comments on the open letter, have a high level of engagement during the formal consultation process, which begins next year, and construct well-justified business plans that appropriately balance the needs of all of our stakeholders, including our U.K. customers, and of course, our PPL shareowners. Moving to slide 9; Ofgem also initiated the process of assessing the need for a mid-year review for RIIO-ED1. As previously determined by Ofgem, the scope of any midyear review – mid-period review would be to look at any necessary changes to WPD's expenditures due to a change in government policy or new outputs required by customers since the start of RIIO-ED1. There have been no government policy changes – or changes to outputs that was a result in changes to WPD, if a mid-period review is conducted. At this point, I'm going to turn the call over to Vince for a more detailed look at our quarterly segment earnings. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 11. Our second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were lower by $0.04 per share, driven by lower earnings from the U.K. Regulated segment of $0.05, partially offset by $0.01 in the Kentucky Regulated segment. The Pennsylvania Regulated segment and Corporate and Other both remained flat, compared to a year ago. Weather was not a significant factor for the quarter, compared to bulk budget or prior year. However, domestic weather has negatively impacted our year-to-date results by about $0.03, compared to bulk budget in prior year, primarily in Kentucky. Let's move to a more detailed review of the second quarter segment earnings drivers, starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 12. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.11 per share in the second quarter of 2017, flat compared to the same period last year. This result was due to higher transmission margins of $0.01, offset by higher depreciation of $0.01. Higher transmission margins resulted from additional capital investments, but were partially offset by a lower peak load billing factor. Moving to slide 13; our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.12 per share in the second quarter of 2017, a $0.01 increase compared to a year ago. This result was driven by lower operational and maintenance expense due to timing and scope of planned outages, and lower plant operating costs. Turning to slide 14; our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.31 per share in the second quarter of 2017, a $0.05 decrease compared to the same period a year ago. The lower result was from lower foreign currency exchange rate in 2017, compared to 2016 of $0.07, partially offset by a decrease in O&M, primarily from lower pension expense. Gross margins in the U.K. were flat for the quarter, primarily due to the April 1, 2017 price reset, which includes lower revenues from true-up mechanisms, primarily related to lower cost of debt recovery, offset by the normal price increase in base-demand revenues. The April price increase and the lower revenues from the true-up mechanisms were all incorporated in our original 2017 earnings per share guidance. Moving to slide 15; as we mentioned on prior calls, we have incremental hedge value in 2018 and 2019, above our budgeted rate of $1.30 per pound, and we've since added hedges in 2020 that are above budget. We really use this value to protect against the potential volatility in the exchange rate during the Brexit negotiation. During the second quarter, we started moving some of the 2018 hedge value into 2019, while maintaining the same level of incremental value overall. The 2020 hedges were done by using about $0.01 of 2017 re-strikes and enabled us to hedge 7% of our 2020 expected U.K. earnings, at an average rate of $1.48 per pound, significantly above our budgeted rate of $1.30 per pound. Now that we've begun to layer on hedges for 2020, we can achieve the low-end of our 5% to 6% EPS growth rate, even if the pound hits parity with the dollar. Moving to slide 16; we've refreshed our currency forecast slide and have included the forward curve as well. The forecast have not moved significantly since last quarter, and the bearish view is still around $1.40 per pound for 2020. And as you can see, the forward curve, which is indicative of the rates at which we can actually hedge is above our budget assumption of $1.30 per pound with the current spot rate for the pound around $1.31. The forward curve stay at this level, it could provide us further opportunity to layer on additional 2020 hedges above our budgeted rate, while retaining the incremental hedge value that we've been able to create. That concludes my prepared remarks, I'll turn the call back over to Bill, for the question-and-answer period. Bill?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Vince. In summary, we had another good quarter and PPL remains on track to deliver on its 2017 earnings forecast. We remain confident in our ability to deliver 5% to 6% compound annual earnings growth per share from 2017 through 2020. As you know, we've raised the dividend 4% earlier this year and we continue to target annual dividend growth of about 4% through 2020. We're executing very well on our low-risk business plans. And we continue to deliver for our customers as evidenced by our industry-leading customer satisfaction awards. With that, operator, let's open the call to questions.
Operator: The first question is from Greg Gordon at Evercore ISI.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys. Good morning. So I mean, I have a hard time not seeing how you are, at this point, either just given how successful you've been at hedging currency and some of the lack of immaterial near to medium-term regulatory exposures, in terms of rate filings. How you're not theoretically above the 6% earnings growth rate, given how successful you've hedged the currency? And so does that mean that we should assume that you are going to take the value in excess of what would drive the 6% earnings growth rate and just continue to roll that forward into the next decade? Or how are you contemplating using that dry powder?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yes. So that is one option, rolling forward the value into 2020 and beyond. But you are correct, if things stayed as they are today, with the forward curve being above our targeted budgeted rate of $1.30 per pound, we would be at the high-end of our earnings forecast. So you're absolutely correct on that. I would say that probably as we finalize our hedging for 2020, we'll be able to give a little bit more color around how we expect to use the value to the extent it continues to sit out in the forward years, and whether we're going to adjust our earnings forecast through 2020, or push that value forward into future years.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay, that's great. And then I guess, look, the tension in the stock from my perspective and you clearly have tried to address that in your scripted comments is that, while the earnings outlook looks incredibly robust with great visibility for the next three to four years, now there's this overhang of potentially more astringent return environment in the U.K. So, what are the things that you did, maybe you could give us some examples of the ways that you managed through the last transition, so people can understand the tools that you have at your disposal should you face some sort of reset in terms of base return on equity or shaping of revenue streams like you did last time?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. Well, a couple of things there. One is, the tools that we've used in the past, I would say our tax planning and pension planning. So those are things that we've been effective at doing in the past. You mentioned shaping the revenue profile. That's something as we go through the consultation process, we'll look at how we develop our plan and whether that's an appropriate avenue to pursue as well. Vince, I don't know if you have any other comments around that and then, I can ask Robert as well.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yes, I would say one of the items within the framework itself is how you set, what we call, fast pot versus slow pot. And that – you may recall that the U.K.'s cost recovery structure is called toad tax (21:56), it's not capital and O&M, total expenditures. And then, within the business plans, each distribution company can determine how much you want of that toad tax (22:04) to go towards, rate base growth and how much you want in current period recovery. WPD was at the high-end of the slow pot ratio under RIIO-ED1 at 80%, basically going to the rate base growth and 20% going through the current P&L. That definitely improves the long-term intrinsic value of the company because you're growing rate base, which is the engine that generates return. However, many of our peers were in the 70%, even some were in the low 60%. So that's an item that if returns were, for some reason, to be impacted, maybe we would have to dial that back commensurate with what our peers were doing through RIIO-1. But it would be stumping that we would have to look at in totality. The business plans are put together understanding the rules for the new price control in totality. And so, I wouldn't sit here today and say we were going to do that. But really depend, it is a lever that we could potential pull down into RIIO-2.
Robert A. Symons - PPL UK Distribution Holdings Ltd.: I think, Vince has got a good point. You have to look at the whole thing in the round, there are so many different things within a price control, and cost of capital is one of them, as Vince has pointed out, as a mix of OpEx and CapEx. Also when you think about the future, you also will consider what's happening in the U.K., and that's a move towards electrification of vehicles. And Michael Gove announced a couple of weeks ago that from 2040, there would be no more petrol and diesel vehicles produced in the U. K. And that, from a National Grid point of view, their estimate is that generation will have to go up 50%. Its impact on distribution businesses will be quite massive. And so maybe, CapEx plans will be much larger, looking at RIIO-ED2 than they have been in RIIO-ED1.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Great.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: That was a terrific answer. Have a great day.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Great, thank you, Greg.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides at Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys. I actually, want to turn attention to the U.S. businesses. And especially, when you look at slide 18, which is the slide – and I'm kind of looking at the 12-month rolling not the 3-month because lots of variations happen in every quarter. Weather-normalized demand in your service territories have been extremely challenging. And it's not just a short-term issue, it's been a couple of years now. How do you think about how you want to change the regulatory construct in both jurisdictions in order to be able to manage an environment where potentially is – where demand is at best flat, if not down?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: So, Michael, I think you may recall that we basically took our load assumption, which was from 0.5% to 1% in the previous business plan down to flat, based on the trends we were seeing at the time. So our current earnings per share forecast through 2020 does include flat earnings growth on a – and as you know, sometimes weather adjustments are difficult at best. So in terms of the regulatory construct, there are tools that we could look at. And in Pennsylvania, for example, it would be a true up based on volume. As you know, in the U.K., we already have true ups based on how the weather turns out or the economies are made whole in terms of the impact to revenue. So the Pennsylvania PUC is kind of looking at a broad set of looking at the energy environment as it's pretty dynamic at the moment, what changes to their policies and practices might make sense for the utilities that they regulate. So I think there's probably more to come. I don't think in Kentucky we have a near-term concern. Vic, maybe you want to comment?
Victor A. Staffieri - Kentucky Utilities Co.: I think the best tool for us to deal with demand, which is flat, is our forward rate years. So we take that into account every time we file, you all know we've been filing every two years and so I would expect that would be the best way for us to capture any changes in the flattening low demand.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp.: Okay.
Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp.: Okay. Operator, it looks like, there no other questions rather in the queue. So I will just thank, everyone, for joining us today, and look forward to talking on the third quarter earnings call.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp. William H. Spence - PPL Corp. Robert A. Symons - PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp. Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Electric Utilities Corporation Victor A. Staffieri - PPL Corp.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein. Please go ahead.
Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results as well as our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the press release, which has been posted on our website and has been furnished with the SEC. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us this morning. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer, and the presidents of our U.S. and UK utility businesses. Moving to slide 2, our agenda this morning starts with an overview of our first quarter 2017 earnings results, a discussion of our 2017 earnings forecast and a brief operational overview. Following my remarks, Robert Symons, Chief Executive of our Western Power Distribution subsidiary, will provide an update on our UK incentive performance. Vince will then review our segment results and provide a more detailed financial review, then we will take your questions. Turning to slide 3, today, we announced first quarter 2017 reported earnings of $0.59 per share compared with $0.71 per share from our first quarter 2016 results. Adjusting for special items, first quarter 2017 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.62 per share compared with $0.67 per share a year ago. This reduction in earnings was driven primarily by lower foreign currency exchange rates as expected, partially offset by an April 1, 2016 price increase in the UK. An unusually mild winter in Kentucky also negatively impacted earnings. The State of Kentucky, in fact, experienced its warmest February on record. I'm pleased with our first quarter results and despite the abnormally warm winter, we are off to a strong start to the year and remain confident in our ability to deliver on our 2017 earnings guidance. Let's move to slide 4, which highlights our 2017 ongoing earnings forecast. Today, we are reaffirming our 2017 forecast of earnings from ongoing operations of $2.05 to $2.25 per share, with a midpoint of $2.15 per share. Looking beyond 2017, we remain confident in our ability to deliver overall compound annual EPS growth of 5% to 6% from 2017 through 2020. As we have highlighted on the year-end call, we expect 4% to 6% compound annual growth in our U.S. utilities from 2017 through 2020 and 6% to 8% growth in the UK. The drivers of this growth are summarized in the appendix on slide 21 and are consistent with the growth drivers discussed on the year-end call. We have significantly reduced our exposure to foreign currency exchange rates through our ongoing hedging program, as we've increased our hedge levels even further during the first quarter. While the British Government formally began its exit from the European Union, we are well-positioned to deliver our long-term growth even if exchange rates were to fall well below today's current levels. However, the pound to dollar exchange rate has been very stable since the UK officially began the Brexit process on March 29. In fact, the exchange rate has actually strengthened some, with current rates around $1.29 per pound. Vince will provide you with an update to our hedge status during his remarks. But I will highlight now that with the additional hedging we did since year-end, we can achieve at least the low end of our 5% to 6% compound annual EPS growth range even if the pound falls to $1.05. Delivering on our commitments really comes down to execution, and that is something that we have demonstrated over the years, which is a clear strength for PPL. As we've discussed in the past, we have a very straightforward business plan, which we believe is low risk. And as noted on the slide, we continue to target annual dividend growth of about 4% a year from 2017 through 2020, having delivered on that commitment earlier this year by increasing the annualized dividend in February from $1.52 per share to $1.58 per share. Overall, we continue to maintain one of the strongest dividend yields in our sector while maintaining our investment-grade credit metrics. Now, let's move to slide 5 for an update on our utility operations. In Kentucky, our rate review before the Kentucky Public Service Commission continues to move forward as we reached settlement agreements in April with all the parties involved. The settlements are subject to approval by the Kentucky Commission. If approved, it will result in a total annual revenue increase of $122 million for our Kentucky utilities. The settlement also includes other adjustments that relate to the timing of cost recovery such as depreciation rates. The settlements provide for the ability to invest in intelligent control equipment that will enhance reliability and enable faster restoration of service. It also will give Louisville Gas and Electric the ability to improve natural gas safety and reliability by replacing the aging natural gas steel service lines with new plastic lines that run from the street to our customers' homes. As part of the proposed agreement, the companies have agreed to withdraw the current request for a full deployment of advanced meters, and we will establish a collaborative with the interested parties to address issues raised with that proposal. This will result in the removal or deferral of just over $300 million in total capital expenditures from the 2017 through 2019 capital plan. The settlement proposal includes an authorized 9.75% return on equity using our filed capital structure. The agreement gives us the ability to enhance our reliability and continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers. A public hearing on the rate review is scheduled to begin on May 9. And order in the case from the Kentucky Public Service Commission is still expected on or around June 30, with new rates going into effect on July 1 of this year. In Pennsylvania, PPL reached a new five-year labor agreement with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 1600. The agreement ratified by bargaining unit members in March will take effect May 22. It continues our long-standing practice of providing competitive wages and benefits for our employees. We believe it is also in the best interest of PPL shareowners and our customers. In the UK, as I mentioned earlier, Article 50 was invoked on March 29, which formally began the process of the UK exiting the European Union. That process is expected to take up to two years to complete. As we've discussed in the past, we expect no changes to our UK operations as a result of the exit. I will now turn the call over to Robert Symons to provide an update on WPD's performance against our RIIO-ED1 incentive targets. Robert?
Robert A. Symons - PPL Corp.: Many thanks, Bill, and good morning. Leading to slide 6, March 31, 2017 marked the completion of second regulatory year under RIIO-ED1. And on the next two slides, I'll provide an update on our full-year performance on interruption incentive schemes and the broad measure of customer satisfaction. Let me start by saying WPD has had another successful year in achieving its outputs. We focused on delivering excellent customer service and once again have been ranked the top four Distribution Network Operators in customer satisfaction. We also continue to focus on restoring power promptly as interruptions occur. Clear management attention on supply restoration and commitment by staff at all levels has led to significant performance improvements. Network reliability is a high priority for WPD. Over the eight-year RIIO-ED1 period, we've committed to reducing the number of power cuts that customers experience by 16% compared to 2013-2014 levels, restoring supply 23% quicker when power cuts occur and ensuring that a minimum of 85% of customers have their power restored within an hour of an HV fault occurring. As a result of our efforts, our performance for the regulatory year 2016-2017 is estimated to result in $95 million of incentive revenues for the interruption incentive schemes and the broad measure of customer satisfaction, which is slightly better than the midpoint of our prior guidance. Now turning to slide 7, on this slide, you will find the detail of our full-year results against performance targets set by Ofgem. Our strong performance this year will result in receiving 82% of the maximum payout. This year, our operational efforts contributing to this success included: an unwavering staff effort at all levels on speedy supply restoration; a thorough inspection of maintenance work program; several major asset replacement projects; and increased investment in network automation and improved network sensing. As it relates to the broad measure of customer satisfaction, we're proud to have maintained our top four positions for customer service and stakeholder engagement, and we are committed to continuing this level of service over the course of RIIO-ED1. As shown back on slide 6, we've increased our calendar year 2018 incentive potential from between $80 million and $100 million to between $95 million and $105 million. This increase is driven by our 2016-2017 performance and now includes about $6 million for the Time to Connect incentive. The Time to Connect incentive is intended to encourage distribution network operators to reduce the overall time to connect smaller low-voltage connections to the network. These amounts are our internal estimates and to a final determination is received from Ofgem in November 2017. Overall, we have performed in line with our expectations. And as we begin the new regulatory year, we expect performance closely in line with the prior year and project $95 million to $115 million in calendar year 2019, with a similar expectation for 2020. Vince will now walk you through a more detailed look at segment earnings. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 9 for a more detailed review of our first quarter earnings. First quarter earnings from ongoing operations decreased by $0.05 over the prior year, driven by lower earnings from the Pennsylvania Regulated segment of $0.02 and $0.02 from the Kentucky Regulated segment. Corporate and other was lower by $0.07, primarily due to the timing impact of recording annual estimated taxes. For those on the call that are well-versed in tax accounting, this is just the result of the quarterly APB 28 adjustment, which will reverse over the remainder of the year. These lower earnings were partially offset by an improvement in the UK Regulated segment of $0.06. Before I get into the segment details, let's briefly discuss the impact domestic weather had on our results compared to last year and compared to our plan. Compared to last year, mild temperatures during the first quarter of 2017 had an unfavorable $0.02 impact for our Kentucky segment, with heating degree days about 27% lower than normal in the quarter. The impacts of weather in Pennsylvania were relatively flat year-over-year. Compared to our plan, domestic weather had a negative $0.03 impact. Let's move to a more detailed review of the 2017 segment earnings drivers, starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 10. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.12 per share in the first quarter of 2017, a $0.02 decrease compared to the same period a year ago. This result was due to higher operation and maintenance expense due primarily to timing and higher depreciation due to asset additions. Higher transmission margins from additional capital investments were offset by lower peak transmission system demand in 2017. However, transmission margins for the full year are still forecasted to be in line with our original expectations. Moving to slide 11, our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.14 per share in the first quarter of 2017, a $0.02 decrease compared to the first quarter of 2016. This decrease was due to lower gross margins as a result of lower sales volumes due to the unfavorable weather that I talked about earlier. Moving to slide 12, our UK Regulated segment earned $0.45 per share in 2017, a $0.06 improvement compared to a year ago. This was primarily due to higher gross margins, driven mostly by the April 1, 2016 price increase. In addition, lower results from lower foreign currency exchange rates in 2017 compared to 2016 were offset by a decrease in O&M, primarily from lower pension expense and the timing of network maintenance expense and lower income taxes as a result of pre-funding pension contributions into our various UK pension plans. Part of the reason for the pre-funding of the plans was to take advantage of tax deductions at the higher statutory rate of 20%, which was effective through March 31 versus 19%, which became effective April 1. These positive tax results enabled us to re-strike $0.04 of 2017 earnings in the first quarter, adding additional UK earnings hedges in 2019, without impacting the midpoint of our 2017 earnings guidance of $2.15 per share. Moving to slide 13, since our year-end call, we continued to layer on additional hedges. We are now contractually hedged 100% for 2017 at an average rate of $1.21 per pound, and we are 99% hedged toward 2018 and 2019 at average rates of $1.41 and $1.32 per pound, respectively. As a reminder, every penny in the FX rate above our budgeted rate of $1.30 represents about $0.01 in earnings per share. So just for 2018 and 2019, we have about $0.13 of additional hedge value above our budgeted rate. It's that additional hedge value that gives us so much confidence in our ability to meet our earnings guidance targets even though 2020 is still contractually unhedged. And just to reiterate what this bottom table shows, if we were to use all the additional hedge value, we could still achieve our minimum 5% growth rate through 2020 even if market rates drop to $1.05 for pound. However, at current exchange rates, we would not need to use all of this value to achieve our earnings growth targets. And, in fact, the EPS growth rate would be at the high end of our 5% to 6% growth range and the additional hedge value would be available for other purposes. The hedge program we've developed was designed to protect us against the downside risk of the pound losing value, but it also provides us with a lot of upside opportunity if the pound remains at current levels or even strengthens. Based on the current hedge levels, our view is that this risk reward proposition is now skewed much more to the upside than to the downside. Moving to slide 14, we've provided an illustration of the high, median and low currency forecasts from up to 17 financial institutions. These forecasts do not represent PPL's internal forecast or our planning assumption. But you can see from the chart, even the bearish view is around $1.40 per pound for 2020 and the bullish case is much higher. And as I said, to the extent exchange rates remain at current levels or move consistent with these estimates, the additional value created in our plan will not be needed in 2020; it could be used for a variety of purposes, including mitigating potential tax reform or hedging future years beyond 2020. And finally, turning to slide 15, we show our updated RPI forecasts. In recent months, we have seen RPI rates strengthen above our business plan assumptions. We believe RPI now represents some upside potential to the plan. But as you can see from the sensitivity table, it's not likely to be too significant. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Vince. In closing, I'm confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to customers and shareowners. And as I said in my opening remarks, we're very pleased with the strong start in the first quarter. As we look ahead, the state of our business is strong and our strategy for growth is clear: We will deliver industry-leading customer service and reliability, we will invest responsibly in a sustainable energy future, we will continue to execute on our infrastructure plans, we will maintain our strong financial position, and we will engage and develop our people. That's our focus each and every day as we work to provide safe, reliable and affordable service to our customers, while growing value for shareowners. Thank you for joining us on today's call. And with that, operator, let's open the call to questions, please.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from Greg Gordon at Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey. Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: How are you guys doing? Good?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Very good.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Busy morning. So I've got two quick questions. One, I know that you resolved in Kentucky then the (20:43) AMR rollout, but the capital expenditure budget looks like it hasn't changed. Is that because other things have moved into that slot or should we assume that we should make a modest negative adjustment there?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I'll let Vince take that question.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Greg, we're awaiting for formal approval from the Commission before we adjust the capital plan.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: So you can – yeah, you can adjust accordingly.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Electric Utilities Corporation: But we also should be mindful that as part of the settlement, we agreed to go into a collaborative. And so, it's likely that the result of that collaborative may be included in our next rate case. So maybe a delay in the funding as well. So until we get final determination from the commission and the outcome of the collaborative, I think it may just be a delay in the capital expenditures rather than complete elimination.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. And a lot of distractions this morning, so I apologize. I wasn't 100% listening to your scripted remarks, but obviously the pound has definitely gone in your way. You talked about – I heard you talk about that and the way that you've hedged. You've indicated that you're pretty confident now that you could be at the high end of the earnings guidance range, but I eyeball those numbers, aren't there certain scenarios where you could even be modestly better than that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. If the pound continues to strengthen or even stays at the current forward rates, we would probably be slightly above the 6%, which is the upper end of our guidance. And it really depends, Greg, on how we utilize the value that's sitting in 2018 and 2019 and whether we push that out further into the future years or we add it to kind of current years. But clearly, if we were to just maintain it in the current years and the pound stays where it is, we would be at or above the 6%.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: That's great. Thanks, guys. Take care.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Shar Pourreza at Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: So just real quick on WPD. It's obviously one of the best-in-class distribution businesses. I'm kind of curious on – if you could just discuss a little bit on how you didn't attain the top end of sort of the incentives and how you kind of maybe fell short. And when we're thinking about the forward look, are the benchmarks relatively high to achieve the top end? Or whatever you worked on a current year could be rectified where you could potentially hit the top end? I'm just kind of curious to see where that delta was.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure, and I'll ask Robert to comment on that. But just as a reminder, even though we didn't hit the maximum rewards, we still came in above our projected amount, the estimated amount that we had in the business plan. So we're very pleased with the outcome, but I'll ask Robert to comment on what it would take to achieve the maximum rewards.
Robert A. Symons - PPL Corp.: Well, over the years, targets become more difficult. So if we look at South West and we look at Wales, regulators won't let customers pay for something that they've already got. So targets become more difficult over time. So I would say it was not possible to get to the maximum levels in South West and Wales because the target is very, very tough compared to perhaps some of the poorer-performing companies in the UK. In terms of Midlands and East Midlands, certainly within our grasp and certainly, we've achieved it this year. So dealing with, if you like, incentive revenues associated with reliability, we can make small improvements each year and keep pace with the increasingly more difficult targets as we work towards 2023. Broad measure survey, you asked what was the severity, what's the scores have you sort of going to get in order to, if you like, top of the table. Certainly, you got to be in the 9 out of 10 area in terms of how customers view you in order to achieve a top ranking. And we've managed to do that for the last five years and I see no reason why we won't do that for the rest of the period.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Shar, this is Vince. Let me just add to Robert's comments. So in the first regulatory year, we obtained about 77% of the maximum incentive. In the second regulatory year, we've earned 82% of the maximum. So, while we don't think we can achieve 100% of those, clearly we're moving in the right direction in terms of the amount of those that we're collecting.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. And then just a follow-up question on the currency hedges. Can you just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about waiting and seeing the pound sort of recover or monetize in the money portion and roll it forward into 2020? So how should we think about the timing of that decision and what sort of is the timing and the inflection point of when you decide to roll or not?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. Well, as we've talked about before, we have a three-year kind of rolling-forward hedge program. And as we get into the midpoint of this year and the year-end, we would then look to layer on additional hedges for 2020. Again, we would probably look at where the pound sits at that time compared to our $1.30 planning assumption and either if the pound is above it, we'd probably be a little bit more aggressive with the hedging. If it's below and we'd see reasons for upside, we may delay a bit. But overall, I think it would be probably at the earliest, midpoint of this year, we'd start layering on anything for 2020.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Got it. Thank you. And then just one last question, if I may, with more from a strategy standpoint and how you're thinking about the U.S. growth business with WPD's growth now kind of far exceeding the U.S. business. Can you just talk a little bit about the appetite to continue to see WPD become a larger piece of the business? Is there an appetite for that or are you looking at organic or acquisition opportunities to maintain sort of that current business mix?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Couple thoughts there. One is we are not looking at acquisition opportunities to maintain the mix or change the mix at all. I think we're happy with the organic growth opportunities we have in the U.S., and so we're focused on growing our U.S. businesses through deployment of capital. And as you're aware right now, we're essentially spending about $3 billion a year in capital. $2 billion of the $3 billion is in the U.S., and $1 billion in the UK. So over time, even though the UK EPS-wise is growing faster, we're deploying more rate base on the U.S. business side. Relative to other opportunities, we've obviously been very focused on making sure that we protect against the currency fluctuation. So that has been a major focus of making sure that we meet our 5% to 6% EPS growth. And as we indicated, we're very pleased with where we sit right now.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: That's it. Thanks, guys. Congrats.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith at UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. So I suppose I just want to be very clear about this. It seems that you have latitude given the FX and hedge position. To the extent to which the CapEx is being delayed, and I know you haven't formally effectuated that change yet, I suspect your comments about being at the top end of the range would still apply. Just an affirmation of that. And then, secondly, clearly you haven't delayed the CapEx yet. How are you thinking about and are there any levers that you can pull at this point on the capital side to replace that, maybe not necessarily in Kentucky, but in other jurisdictions?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. Well, first off, I would say we can still hit the top end even with some delay on the capital. The $300 million that we talked about is really in the grand scheme, not that meaningful to the EPS growth story. And as Vic commented, it's possible that that could come back in, albeit maybe on a delay. Well, once we get to the point where we know the outcome of that particular capital program, we'll look at other opportunities, whether it's in Kentucky or elsewhere, where we could see some potential future growth. So we'll wait and see, but as I said, I don't think that $300 million is really that meaningful to the growth story at all.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: And actually, since you bring it up, what are those considerations that potentially bringing it back into the picture in a subsequent filing in short?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. I'll let Vic comment on that.
Victor A. Staffieri - PPL Corp.: Hey, Julien. This is Vic. It was just the – there were 15 parties to the settlement negotiations and just some of the parties were concerned, they didn't understand the mechanics of the process. There is still some reluctance in Kentucky to move forward with smart meters and that we just couldn't resolve it into settlement fashion. So we decided to put it into collaborative and try to deal with some of those issues – privacy issues, access issues, when we turn people off – those kinds of things through automation. Those are the kinds of issues that were surrounding the discussions and based upon that, we just decided we'd get into a collaborative and pull it out in this proceeding.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Arnold at Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Jon.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I have one on Compass. I think you said that there was a review going on by the New York ISO and it was delayed a bit by Indian Point closure, but you thought that that review would be done by March. Is there any update there?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah, there is an update and I'll let Greg Dudkin take care of that.
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Electric Utilities Corporation: Thanks, Bill. Yeah. So the update is that we had filed a feasibility study with New York ISO and that's been completed and come back positive. The other study that we had that New York ISO do is quota carrier study, which is basically economic review, what's the economic impact of the project. We got the preliminary results back, they're confidential, but I would say they're very positive. So everything we've gotten back from New York ISO has been positive.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So is that – you've said the estimated in-service is 2023 if the project was to move. What are the next steps and is that still the timeframe?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So the next steps are we are proceeding with the Article VII process. We will have to do a system reliability impact study. We've ticked that off. And then, we have to basically select an approval process whether it's a public policy project, which would have to be opened by New York ISO, or there's another separate process under CARIS, which is the economic project. So, we still feel confident with the 2021 to 2023 dates.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: When you say 2021, will that be in-service or start construction?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Start construction.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, if I could, just on the UK incentive slides, I was just looking at the column where you give the data for the performance levels you have to achieve to hit the maximum rewards, and they seem to have changed versus last quarter and in some cases, quite a lot. Is there anything – what would have caused the performance trigger levels to have changed?
Robert A. Symons - PPL Corp.: The performance levels that you see for maximum reward include planned outages as well as unplanned outages. I think the ones we gave you before, which are unplanned, but the actual performance is measured against unplanned outages and half the quantity of planned outages.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: There was a slight change in how you showed us the numbers.
Robert A. Symons - PPL Corp.: That's correct.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's all. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: And I think seeing no further questions in the queue, I want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call and we will talk to you on the second quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp. William H. Spence - PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp. Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Electric Utilities Corporation Victor A. Staffieri - Kentucky Utilities Co. Robert A. Symons - PPL UK Distribution Holdings Ltd.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Brian L. Chan - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein. Please go ahead.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr. - PPL Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and year-end 2016 results, as well as our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measures, you should refer to the press release which has been posted on our website and has been furnished with the SEC. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's call. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer, as well as the presidents of our U.S. and U.K. utility businesses. Starting with slide 2, our agenda this morning includes an overview of our 2016 earnings results along with an operational update. Following that, I'm going to address our 2017 earnings forecast and review our projections for long-term earnings growth. Following my remarks, Vince will review our segment results and provide a more detailed financial overview. Before I get started, I did want to highlight a few key points of our presentation this morning. We've delivered strong 2016 ongoing earnings, achieving 11% year-over-year growth. We've also raised our dividend by 4% in 2017, with our continued commitment to grow that by 4% annually through 2020. We've also taken steps to further de-risk our 2017 through 2020 plan by significantly reducing our foreign currency risk and reducing our load growth forecast from 0.5% to no load growth. Finally, we also believe we are well positioned to manage the potential impacts of tax reform. Turning to slide 3, today, we announced 2016 reported earnings of $2.79 per share compared with $1.01 per share in 2015. Adjusting for special items, our 2016 earnings from ongoing operations were $2.45 per share, up 11% from 2015 results which puts us at the high end of our forecast range. For the fourth quarter of 2016, reported earnings were $0.68 per share compared with $0.59 per share a year ago. Earnings per share from ongoing operations were $0.60 in the fourth quarter compared to $0.43 a year ago. The key drivers of the 11% growth were strong performance across the regulated businesses and a positive tax adjustment of $0.05 per share related to the expected utilization of foreign tax credits. 2016 marks seventh consecutive year that PPL has exceeded the midpoint of its ongoing earnings forecast. As our track record shows, we take great pride in delivering on the commitments we make to our shareowners. Turning to slide 4, backed by the continued strong performance of our utilities, today we announced we're increasing our common stock dividend on an annualized basis from $1.52 per share to $1.58 per share or a 4% increase. The quarterly dividend of $0.395 per share will be payable April 1 (sic) [April 3] to shareowners of record as of March 10. This marks PPL's 15th dividend increase in the last 16 years. Let's move to slide 5 for an update on our utility operations. In Kentucky, our rate review continues to proceed as expected before the Kentucky Public Service Commission. This comes after our Kentucky Utilities filed a request in late November of last year to increase revenue by a combined $210 million. That includes revenue increases of $103 million and $93 million respectively at Kentucky Utilities and Louisville Gas and Electric, through adjustments to annual base electricity rates. In addition, it includes a revenue increase of $14 million for LG&E through an adjustment to annual base rates – gas base rates. The requested increases are driven by additional capital investments to make the grid smarter, more reliable and more resilient. We've included a schedule for the rate review process in the Appendix to today's slides. If approved by the commission, the increases would take effect on July 1, 2017. The company's continuation of the customer experience initiative has resulted in another J.D. Power award in Kentucky. LG&E and KU ranked first and second among mid-sized utilities in the Midwest region in 2016 Calendar-Year Electric Utility Business Customer Service Satisfaction Study. This brings the total number of J.D. Power awards earned by PPL subsidiaries to 42. In Pennsylvania, we remain focused on transmission and distribution system improvements, with an eye towards reliability and resiliency. We continued to make substantial progress in these areas in 2016. As a result of the investments we've made, PPL Electric Utilities today has one of the most robust and advanced distribution automation systems in the country. That system, which was bolstered by the addition of more than 700 smart grid devices last year, avoided more than 100,000 customer interruptions throughout the year. And as a result of investments we've made to modernize and expand our transmission system, sustained transmission outages have dropped by nearly 75% over the last five years. PPL Electric Utilities reliability performance is among the nation's best. We're intent on keeping it that way, as we execute our plans for 2017 and beyond. In the UK, we received the final RIIO-ED1 results for the 2015-2016 regulatory year, achieving the highest incentive revenues among the UK's distribution network operators. End customers have rated us the best electricity network in the UK, with an average customer satisfaction rating of 89%. Meanwhile, we remain on pace to achieve our projected performance against the 2016-2017 regulatory year incentive targets. Details on our projected 2016-2017 incentive revenues is included in the Appendix on pages 24 and 25. Turning to slide 6, we are reaffirming our 2017 earnings forecast of $2.05 to $2.25 per share with a midpoint of $2.15. Moving to slide 7, we show a walk of the drivers from our 2016 ongoing earnings of $2.45 per share to the $2.15 per share midpoint of our 2017 earnings forecast. I should point out that included in our 2017 forecast is $0.05 of hedge restrikes that move value from 2017 to 2019. Without the restrikes, our EPS forecast would have been $2.20 per share. Our 2017 guidance is lower than 2016 earnings, primarily from a lower foreign currency hedged exchange rate, dilution from issuing additional equity of $250 million per year, and tax benefits recorded in 2016 that are not expected to repeat in 2017. We've increased our equity issuances in the plan from $100 million to $350 million per year, to support the funding of incremental capital spending and to continue to strengthen the balance sheet. This will help us maintain strong credit metrics and also lowers future holding company debt balances, which reduces the potential impact of tax reform, as we'll discuss in a moment. Moving to slide 8, PPL continues to invest responsibly in the future. It's that investment, coupled with timely rate recovery in the constructive jurisdictions we operate in, that's driving our 5% to 6% earnings per share growth. Our capital plan of about $3 billion per year is expected to produce compound annual rate base growth of 5.3% from 2017 through 2020, with our rate base growing to $29 billion. We expect to receive near real-time recovery for about 80% of the $13 billion infrastructure investment we expect to make during that time. As you can see, our core business is growing in support of our longer-term growth objectives. Slide 9 highlights the key drivers and assumptions in our business plan. As mentioned earlier, that plan assumes $350 million per year in equity issuances and targets additional dividend growth of about 4% annually through 2020. We expect 4% to 6% growth in our domestic utilities from 2017 through 2020. This reflects several things: higher gross margins from additional capital investments in Kentucky; increased transmission spending in Pennsylvania, partially offset by higher depreciation and interest; and the dilution from the equity issuances I just mentioned. Domestic net income is expected to grow 5% to 7% over the forecast period. Meanwhile, we're expecting UK earnings growth of 6% to 8%, reflecting the hedges we've put in place and our ability to achieve our $1.30 per pound budgeted rate through 2020. In addition to effects of currency, the growth in our UK segment is driven by higher gross margins, driven by annual price increases and higher pension income due to higher returns on higher pension asset balances, which more than offsets the effects of any dilution. We continue managing our currency risk proactively, taking steps to improve the risk reward profile and the certainty we will achieve our growth objectives. We can meet 5% EPS growth through 2020, even if the pound drops to $1.13 per pound, and we can meet that growth through 2019 at $0.90 per pound. This is a very significant improvement in our risk reward profile. Vince will provide a detailed update on our foreign currency hedging in his remarks. We're expecting net income for the UK segment to now grow in the 8% to 10% range for the forecast period. Overall, we feel very confident in our ability to deliver on our projected 5% to 6% compound annual earnings growth from 2017 through 2020. Further, we expect to achieve a very competitive total annual share on the return of 9% to 10%, as we execute our plans for growth. Let's turn to slide 10. We know the investment community has a keen interest in the topic of U.S. tax reform, including how any changes may impact PPL and other utilities. For PPL, the two primary effects we're tracking are the deductibility of interest expense on our domestic holding company debt and the net effect on rate base at our utilities from the extension of 100% bonus depreciation, offset of course by our tax rate. I want to highlight two very important points that differentiates PPL from its peers. First, since about half of our business resides in the UK, we have minimal exposure to tax reform for half of our earnings. Second, we have the flexibility to raise capital in the UK, thereby retaining the ability to deduct interest. We support efforts to simplify the U.S. tax code and to lower the federal corporate tax rate to a level that is more competitive globally. But speculating on the impact of tax reform is extremely difficult, given the lack of detail on current proposals that have been set forth today. Our industry has a good track record of working with policy makers to shape meaningful tax-related legislation that minimizes negative impacts to our customers and to our companies. This was true during the last comprehensive tax reform in 1986, as well as during the debate on – later on taxes related to dividends and capital gains. Our base assumption is that any benefits from the reduction of the tax rate will be passed through to our customers. Therefore, the only real impact on our utilities is the impact on rate base. As we think about tax reform, it's important to keep in mind that we have several opportunities, in PPL's case, to offset potential impacts. We can use the dry powder created by our hedging strategy, we could shift some of holding company debt financings to the UK, and we have the ability to increase capital spending. Of course, the details of any tax reform plan are very hard to predict at this point. But to help frame this up for PPL, I wanted to address a few possible scenarios. First, as it relates to rate base at our domestic utilities, if we're required to adapt 100% expensing of capital, our breakeven tax rate for rate base would be about 20%. Regarding deductibility of interest, if the tax rate is reduced to 20% and we retain the ability to deduct interest to expense on all debt or if non-deductibility of interest is only applied to new debt, we would see about a $0.05 per share impact to earnings which we believe we can fully mitigate with the strategies I just talked about. If non-deductibility of interest applies to all existing debt, we would see about a $0.10 per share impact to earnings, which we also believe we can largely mitigate through these strategies, especially if the pound stays around $1.20 or above as it is today. I'm confident that U.S. tax reform, as it's currently being discussed, is a manageable event for PPL and not a barrier in our ability to meet our stated goal of growing EPS by 5% to 6% through 2020. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Vince, for a more detailed look at our earnings. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 12, for a review of segment earnings. Full year 2016 earnings from ongoing operations increased over the prior year, from 2015 earnings of $2.21 per share to $2.45 per share, exceeding the midpoint of our 2016 earnings guidance by $0.07, placing us at the high end of the forecast range. Each of our operating segments delivered strong growth compared to the prior year. The Pennsylvania Regulated segment contributed $0.13 of growth for the year, the Kentucky Regulated segment contributed $0.07, and the UK Regulated segment contributed $0.05. Corporate and Other remained relatively flat compared to the prior year. Before I get into the segment details, let's briefly discuss the impact weather had on our results for the full year. Weather really did not have a significant impact on our 2016 earnings performance, as it was flat compared to 2015 and it was $0.01 worse than budget. Let's move to a more detailed review of the 2016 segment earnings drivers, starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 13. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.50 per share in 2016, a $0.13 increase compared to 2015. This increase was due to higher gross margins as a result of higher distribution base electricity rates effective January 1, 2016, and higher transmission margins from additional capital investments. Higher margins were partially offset by higher depreciation due to asset additions. Moving to slide 14, our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.58 per share in 2016, a $0.07 increase from 2015. This increase was due to higher gross margins, which is the net effect of electricity and gas base rate increases effective July 1, 2015, and returns on additional environmental capital investments, and lower operation and maintenance expense including the reduction of costs associated with the 2015 coal plant retirement. These net positive results were partially offset by higher financing costs related to the September 2015 debt issuances. Moving to slide 15, our UK Regulated segment earned $1.49 per share in 2016, a $0.05 improvement compared to 2015. Positive factors driving earnings results include higher gross margins, primarily driven by an April 1, 2016 price increase, partially offset by four months of lower prices from the April 1, 2015 price decrease, a decrease in O&M primarily from lower pension expense and lower U.S. income taxes primarily from the benefit recorded in Q4 2016 for the expected utilization of foreign tax credit, resulting from our updated business plan. These positive factors were partially offset by increased depreciation expense from asset additions, higher financing costs due to 2015 debt issuances, and lower average exchange rates in 2016 compared to 2015. The average rate for 2016 was $1.45 per pound compared to $1.57 per pound for 2015. Moving to slide 16, we've updated our hedging disclosures and made great progress in de-risking our plan related to foreign currency exposure. The chart at the top of the page highlights our contractual hedge level. And as you can see, we started to layer in hedges for 2019 with 50% already hedged. As Bill mentioned, embedded in the midpoint of our 2017 earnings forecast of $2.15 per share, is about $0.05 of hedge restrikes. We achieved 50% hedge level for 2019 as of today by executing four of the $0.05 of planned restrikes, as well as entering into forward contracts for 2019, at rates that were near our budgeted rate of $1.30. As you can see on the slide, the average rate for the 2019 hedges is $1.34 per pound compared to our budgeted rate of $1.30. It's important to note that we achieved this 50% hedge level above our budgeted rate without reducing the hedge levels for 2018. 2018 is still hedged at an average rate of $1.42 per pound, well above our budgeted rate, enabling us to still restrike value from 2018 into 2019 and 2020. To the strength of our business plan and with the hedges in place for half of 2019, we continue to de-risk 2019 and 2020 as illustrated in the lower table. This table lays out our ability to hedge 2017 through 2020 at various GBP rates to maintain at least the low end of our earnings growth range of 5% to 6%. Effectively, we have no exposure through 2019. The pound could fall as low as $0.90 per pound, and we could still achieve a 5% EPS growth rate through 2019; and at $1.13 per pound, we can achieve that growth through 2020. The additional hedging we have done significantly mitigates our foreign currency exposure related to our UK operations, and we believe we have skewed that exposure to the upside with the actions we've taken to-date. I should also note that tax reform will likely improve this picture even further, since we gross up our hedges to cover the current 35% tax rate. If the tax rate is lowered to 20%, we would be 100% hedged for 2018 and about 70% hedged for 2019. Also, the sensitivities in the bottom table would improve for 2020 as well, with the breakeven rate going from $1.13 per pound down to $1.07. Moving to slide 17, our planned capital expenditures for 2017 through 2021 are detailed on this slide, with infrastructure investment totaling $16 billion over the period. We continue to invest about $1 billion annually in each of our business lines, which includes our previously-announced initiatives, as well as $1 billion of incremental capital identified for 2017 through 2020 compared to the prior plan. As Bill mentioned earlier, our investments focus on delivering a sustainable energy future by expanding and modernizing the grid, adding smart grid technology and automation, and strengthening physical and cyber security. We are also connecting more renewable energy and expanding solar offerings to our customers. In Kentucky, we are investing an additional $525 million over the next four years, despite lower environmental spending of $345 million due to updated scope and timing changes for ELGs and CCR projects. This additional capital includes $320 million to install advanced meters and $550 million to improve the reliability of electric and gas infrastructure in Kentucky. In Pennsylvania, we are investing an additional $310 million in transmission, driven primarily by increased or accelerated project activity, such as line rebuilds, new substations and security. Distribution spending levels in Pennsylvania remain relatively flat. We currently project our capital investment to decrease slightly in the outer years, as our advanced metering projects are completed in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky and our environmental spend in Kentucky ramps down. Consistent with last year's plan, our capital plan is based on identified projects only across the portfolio, and it does not include unidentified growth projects. However, we continually find new capital projects in support of reliability, safety and security. We have a robust pipeline of capital projects. And I believe, as we continue to work on the system and develop our future plans including responding to tax reform, we will identify additional capital spend for the back end of the plan. Moving to slide 18, here we're providing an update to our view of domestic cash flows, reflecting 2016 actual results and providing the 2017 projection. 2016's excess cash position of $702 million includes the $310 million of net proceeds received last year from the monetization of the 2017 and 2018 earnings hedges following the Brexit referendum. Cash available for distribution is expected to be lower in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to lower cash inflows from our currency hedges, higher domestic maintenance capital as we continue to invest in the utilities, and the lower dividend coming from the UK. Overall, though, we still expect cash available for distribution to be either breakeven or positive over the forecast period, even assuming the dividend grows at 4% per year. And finally, turning to slide 19, we show our updated RPI forecast assumptions using the January 2017 HM Treasury forecast of the UK economy. Our business plan assumptions are in line with these current RPI forecasts. Our sensitivity for a 0.5% movement in 2016-2017 RPI, now results in a $0.01 impact out in 2019. As a reminder, this past November, we set our 2018-2019 tariffs based on the forecasted RPI at that time and that is consistent with Ofgem's guidance. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call over to Bill for the Q&A. Bill?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Vince. 2016 was a very good year and I'm proud of PPL's many accomplishments in 2016. And I'm equally excited about our future, as we continue and advance a smarter, cleaner, and more reliable energy infrastructure. At the outset of the year, we established our earnings forecast. In the end, we delivered, achieving the high end of that forecast range. As 2016 began, we said we would begin to grow our dividend more meaningfully in 2017. Today, we have delivered, announcing a 4% dividend increase. We established also a plan to invest more than $3 billion in infrastructure improvements in 2016. Again, we delivered. It's what we do, we deliver. And looking ahead, we are very well-positioned to continue to deliver on the commitments we've made to our shareowners and customers. PPL is uniquely advantaged with operations in the UK, with only half of our earnings subject to potential U.S. tax reform, and our ability to optimize the capital structure relative to interest deductibility. And as Vince noted in his remarks, we believed we are now positively positioned with the company's exposure to the British pound, given our hedging activity to-date which could also be used to mitigate any potential negative impacts of U.S. tax reform. On that note, I want to thank you for participating in today's call. And operator, let's open the call for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. The first question comes from Greg Gordon at Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey, good morning, guys. Fantastic quarter.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Greg.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you so much.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Congratulations. A few questions and I'm going to admit, some of the stuff may have gone over my head a little bit, so I may be asking you to repeat yourselves. But first on the – when I look at the earnings from operations for the year, obviously the biggest positive delta was in the UK, but you only increased your 2017 earnings guidance expectation by $0.01. And I'm just wondering how much of the beat in 2016 was truly sort of just structurally improving on the base of earnings versus somewhat non-recurring? And are you being a bit conservative at the midpoint on the UK earnings for 2017?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I'll ask Vince to comment, but just one point to note is what the increase in our equity issuance is that obviously is going to create some dilution which has a ripple effect across all the businesses of course. So, that's one driver. But Vince, do you want to take care of the other drivers?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So I think the big holdback in 2017 is putting the restrikes into the plan. And so, we put a nickel of restrikes in the plan to basically continue to de-risk. And as I said, four of the $0.05 we've already executed on that.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. I get it. I get it. So between a little equity dilution and restriking...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: ...those are two of the big components. Okay.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Those are the biggest.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then, when we look at the current hedge profile, what you basically said, if I go to page 16 is that, if the U.S. federal income tax rate went to 20%, your breakeven would go up, but it's still significantly lower than where the pound is trailing?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Do you want to take that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Sure. Go ahead, Vince.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: No. So if the tax rate goes from 35% to 20%, the $1.13 which is our breakeven to get to a 100% hedged through 2020 on the slide, that would go to $1.07.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Oh, it goes the other way. See, I told you. That's why I wanted to ask. And then...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Just to clarify because I know we kind of went through that quickly, but the reason for that is the hedge levels would go up in the top part. So, the 87% goes to 100% and the 50% and 19% goes to 70%.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: So, we basically need – we need less dry powder to get the results we were getting in the plan.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Next question. I do understand that you have flexibility on where you can finance, you can issue debt in the UK, you can issue debt in the U.S., and that's obviously on a going-forward basis an advantage if deductibility changes. But if the federal income tax rate goes from 35% to 20%, the tax yield on your current leverage would go down and that would be an earnings drag, then that's just algebra. So, is there some way that you could also just sort of retire debt in the U.S. and issue debt in the UK in order to limit that negative arbitrage or not?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Potentially, I mean, at 20% we're basically the same rate as in the UK as well, and that's $0.05 that Bill talked about. So the impact of maintaining deductibility, but going from 35% to 20% at $0.15 loss in tax yield is basically a nickel and we think we can manage that with the strategies Bill talked about.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith at UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Julien.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, so maybe let me start right where Greg left off here. So can you discuss a little bit on repatriation strategy? Obviously, you guys have been talking about bringing that down a little bit in last quarters. How do you think about repatriation changing your strategies, you've talked up to $0.5 billion at times? Would you expect to make use of that if there were to be a holiday or maybe comment on that first?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I'll ask Vince to take that question.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, a tax holiday really benefits those U.S. companies that are sitting on a pile of cash offshore. That's not our situation. As you know, we invest our cash into the business. And so, really the financing of the capital structure in the UK is what enables us to fuel that growth in the UK and then distribute some cash back to the U.S. I wouldn't see us necessarily modifying that, but once the final rules come out for U.S. tax reform, we'll look at what the best economic answer is overall for the corporation, and then determine really where we want to finance. We still have the ability to increase our financing in the UK and dividend more than, say, the 100% to 200% (32:04) that we have in the plan tax free. And so, we would certainly have the ability to do that, but really until the rules come out, I can't tell you how we're going to modify that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then maybe little bit of a higher level question vis-à-vis sort of appropriate capital structure. How do you think about, should this tax reform take place, your debt pay down strategy, e.g., your kind of optimal capital, would you expect to target to pay down more or just kind of higher level observation, maybe frame it in the context in that further debt targets, would that shift around?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: I don't think our strategy would change much even in the face of tax reform. I think the capital deployment might get a little bit higher, again, depending on how the 100% expensing goes. But I think overall, the capital structure and the credit metrics that we currently are targeting would still be pretty much the same.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah, Julien, I...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Just to add to that, I think the $350 million that we put in the plan gives us some nice risk mitigant against any credit actions or credit impacts of tax reform. So I think that level that we have in the new plan should be sufficient under tax reform or not.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And just to clarify, the acceleration of CapEx under tax reform, what would that principally be if you could comment on that, distribution in Kentucky?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Would be probably more Pennsylvania distribution than Kentucky.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Thank you, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Fleishman at Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: So, couple questions. Just on the UK pound, so the $1.13 now through 2020 for the kind of protection as to the 5%, the bottom of your range. I assume to get to the middle of your range, it would be maybe somewhere in the high $1.10s like or $1.20. Is it still like $0.01 per $0.01? Yeah.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Yeah. Still roughly $0.01 for $0.01.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: So yeah, that's still probably – it would clearly be well below where the pound is today.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: All right.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So probably in the upper teens.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So Steve, it's about $1.20, $1.21 to hit 6%. So it's in the middle there for midpoint.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then just on, god forbid, anyone ever thinks about the pound going up, could you just remind us environment where it goes above $1.30? Obviously, you'll do better on your open positions than you're assuming. But just in thinking of the company as a whole, like, are your hedging kind of locked in or do you have room on your hedges to actually capture some of a higher pound?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So, there is room on some of the hedges. The more recent hedges we put on are straight swaps, so there's less flexibility there. But obviously, with the open position for the remainder of 2019 and 2020 now, that would be upside and then, of course, longer term as we see how Brexit turns out. And hopefully, with the rising pound, we have the ability to lock in 2020 and beyond at higher than $1.30. I think we've talked on previous calls, the 20-year average prior to Brexit was above $1.50, so closer to $1.60. So, there's room to grow there and certainly exposure to the upside for us.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then the lower growth rate at the U.S. obviously is the dilution. The higher growth rate in the UK, you're offsetting the dilution with what?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Go ahead, Vince.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. Yeah. So, I think it was third quarter we talked about the property taxes coming way down from what we were originally expecting. We did not take credit for that, as you recall, on the third quarter because we wanted to wait till the plan was completed. And so, there's really three main items that are driving the dry powder that we created to get to these much lower rates that you're seeing on slide 16. It's the property taxes. Pensions actually came in better than we were projecting. If you recall back on the second quarter call when we rebased the earnings post-Brexit, we took a very conservative approach on pension, so they came in stronger than we expected. And then, through income tax planning, we're also seeing some improvement there. And so, that created about $0.10 in total of earnings. Half of that went to increasing the growth rate of the UK and half of it went to create the dry powder that you're seeing on slide 16. So, maybe just to append to your earlier question on what happens if the pound goes up, well, if we don't need all that dry powder, I would suspect earnings would be up $0.05 a year going through the period.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. One last thing, any thoughts on Compass with respect to the Indian Point closure, and how that could potentially play into being one of the ways to solve that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I'll ask Greg Dudkin, President of our Pennsylvania Utility, to answer that question. Greg?
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Electric Utilities Corporation: Yeah. Thanks, Bill. So, we actually are involved in something called CARA (38:05) study, which is a study that is done with the New York ISO to really determine the value of the project. So, our study was slowed down a little bit because of the Indian Point closure. Our expectation is that that will be a positive for Compass. We expect that this CARA (38:24) study will be done in March, so we'll know the final results of that then.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Arnold at Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Could I just ask on the $0.05 and $0.10 numbers that you gave on tax, were they additive or is it $0.05 if you keep deductibility on past interest and $0.10 if you lose it or is it...
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Got you, yeah.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Correct, they are not additive. They're discrete numbers. So, it's...
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Incremental $0.05.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: ...incremental $0.05. So, it would be max $0.10.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: You're welcome.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And then the second thing, can you give us a little more color on the reduction in the Kentucky environmental spend? What is it that you aren't going to be doing? Is it just a little less under certain rules, or are you assuming some things aren't required?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I'll ask Vic Staffieri, the President and Chairman of our Kentucky Utilities, to answer that one.
Victor A. Staffieri - Kentucky Utilities Co.: I think it's a couple of things, Jonathan. The first is that now we've got into some more detailed engineering and we've been able to save some money for our consumers. We've gotten some indicative bids that has helped us. And as we've done it again, additional engineering, we've found other ways that are more cost-effective for our customers. So, the rules haven't changed. The course of our compliance has changed, and actually that benefits our consumers.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then maybe, I could, just one other thing on the incremental spend that you've put in that's – how much of that is approved and what's the mechanism for getting it approved?
Victor A. Staffieri - Kentucky Utilities Co.: For the most part, those are in our rate case right now. The additional capital runs over a long period of time and we're in the process of seeking commission authority (40:30) right now in our rate case. That's within our testimony today.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Ridzon at KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: You had a big O&M cut over in the UK, how sustainable is that going into 2017 and beyond? Will that stop gap or is that – reliability would be a risk if you kept at that level?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I don't think reliability would be at risk at all, but I'll let Robert Symons, the CEO of our UK operation answer that question.
Robert A. Symons - PPL UK Distribution Holdings Ltd.: I don't think it will have any effect on reliability. From my point of view, we've put in about 2,000 separate schemes (41:20), improving reliability over the last 12 months and we'll continue to do so.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, do you think 2017 could be flat O&M in the UK?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Relative to 2016?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yes, sorry.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Paul, unfortunately I don't have that detail in front of us. I mean, part of what's contributing to 2016 is lower pension from the methodology change that we enacted late in, I guess 2015 going into 2016. And so that in addition to just higher returns, we earned on average about 15% returns last year in the UK on our pension assets, which that carrying forward helps. And so, not reliability driven at all, it's more related to pension and it is sustainable.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, what percentage is pension versus rentals.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: That's a good question. I'm not sure that we have that right off the top of our heads. So, we'll have to follow up with you on that. Sorry.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sounds good. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Patterson at Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just one question left for me. You guys mentioned the ability to issue debt in the UK versus the U.S. as a way of dealing with the potential tax changes. What is the sort of the – quantifiably, how much could be done there if, in fact, it was advantageous to do that?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. So I'll start and I'll let Vince follow up. But as you may recall, with the UK holding company we can lever up to 85% and still maintain investment grade credit ratings. So that's the kind of upper limit. We're right now in the kind of mid-to-upper 70%, so we have that level of headroom to go up to 85%. So, I don't know if you had any other comments, Vince.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So that's worth over $1 billion by time we get through the end of the plan period. In terms of – I think we hang at around 80% and we could go up to 85%. So, by time we get out to 2020, again, that's worth about $1 billion-plus. I would say, as we kind of look at tax reform, we have to see how much on any annual basis we could shift it. I would think at least $150 million would be no problem and it could probably go back up to $400 million that we had originally. But again, that's all going to depend on how those final rules come out, but somewhere in that range, I would say.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. That's all I have left. Thanks a lot.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Great. Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Chan at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Brian L. Chan - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: My question was asked and answered. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Great, Brian. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay, operator, I think that's all the questions in the queue. So, I'm just going to close now and say thanks everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you in a couple of months on our first quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp. William H. Spence - PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp. Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Electric Utilities Corp.
Analysts: Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David A. Paz - Wolfe Research LLC John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Joseph P. Bergstein - PPL Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter results and our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measures, you should refer to the press release which has been posted on our website and has been furnished with the SEC. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's call. With me are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer as well as the presidents of our U.S. and U.K. utility businesses. Starting with slide 3, our agenda this morning begins with an overview of our quarterly and year-to-date 2016 earnings results. Following that, I'll address our 2016 and 2017 earnings forecast as we are raising the midpoint of our 2016 forecast and reaffirming our 2017 guidance. I'll provide a brief operational overview as well as an update on our UK currency hedging. Following my remarks, Vince will review our segment results and provide a more detailed financial overview. As always, we'll leave time to answer your questions. Turning to slide 4, today, we announced third quarter 2016 reported earnings of $0.69 per share compared with reported earnings of $0.58 per share in the third quarter of 2015. Year-to-date through the third quarter, reported earnings were $2.11 per share compared with $0.42 per share through the same period a year ago. Reported earnings for the first nine months of 2015 reflected a loss from discontinued operations of $1.36 per share, which resulted primarily from the spinoff of our competitive generation business. Adjusting for special items, third quarter 2016 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.63 per share compared with $0.51 per share a year ago. That represents a 23% increase on a per share basis. The increase was driven largely by an April 1, 2016 price increase in the UK, higher base electricity rates and higher transmission earnings from additional transmission capital investments in Pennsylvania and higher sales volumes due to favorable weather in Kentucky. Through the first nine months of 2016, earnings from ongoing operations were $1.86 per share compared with $1.77 per share a year ago. Higher earnings year-to-date were primarily driven by higher base rates in Kentucky and Pennsylvania and returns on additional capital investments. Vince will go into greater detail on third quarter results a little later in the call, but we're pleased with the strong results across our business units. Moving to slide 5, based on our strong performance year-to-date, we've narrowed our guidance range from the previous $2.25 to $2.45 per share to $2.30 to $2.45 per share, increasing the midpoint of our 2016 ongoing earnings forecast from $2.35 per share to $2.38 per share. Vince will provide a walk on the drivers contributing to this 2016 increased performance later in his remarks. As we discussed on our October 12 call, we took steps to significantly reduce our exposure to foreign currency risk by restriking our remaining in the money 2016 hedges. The impact to 2016 ongoing earnings was a negative $0.06, but because of our strong business line results, we're increasing our 2016 earnings guidance even as we've leveraged the strength of our 2016 performance to minimize future currency risk. We also discussed on the October 12 call the opportunity to further leverage 2017 hedge gains, targeting no more than $0.05 of EPS exposure for 2019, even at an exchange rate of $1.15 per pound. As of today, we've completed all the restrikes for 2016 and 2017, and we've achieved our targeted hedge levels. Vince will provide the details of our updated hedge positions in his remarks. The higher-than-projected earnings in 2017 that enabled us to restrike a portion of our 2017 hedges was partially driven by lower-than-anticipated UK property taxes. In the revised earnings guidance we provided on the second quarter call, we were expecting fairly significant property tax increases starting next year and continuing through 2020. But based on the property tax valuation recently completed by the UK government, our property tax increases are lower compared to our previous expectation. Additionally, some of the earnings strength we are experiencing in 2016 as a result of lower O&M in the UK is expected to continue into 2017. These positive factors provide us with the confidence to reaffirm our 2017 earnings forecast of $2.05 to $2.25 per share, with a midpoint of $2.15 per share, despite executing about $0.06 of 2017 hedge restrikes. Lastly, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term growth projections. We expect to achieve 5% to 6% compound annual earnings growth from 2017 to 2020, and are targeting annual dividend growth of about 4% over the same period. Let's move to slide 6. Kentucky Utilities and Louisville Gas and Electric are announcing today that they intend to file rate requests on November 23 with the Kentucky Public Service Commission. KU and LG&E expect to seek revenue increases of $103 million and $93 million, respectively, through adjustments to annual base electric rates. LG&E meanwhile anticipates seeking a revenue increase of $14 million in annual base natural gas rates. In total, we're expecting to seek a revenue increase of approximately $210 million. The requested increases are driven by additional capital investments that are focused on enhancing our reliability programs across the operational groups, along with technology and infrastructure investments in our customer service areas. This will allow us to continue to provide safe, reliable electric and gas service to customers while meeting federal regulations. Even with the increases, it's anticipated that LG&E and KU rates will remain well below national averages. If approved by the commission, the increases would take effect in July of 2017. Now let's turn to slide 7 for some additional operational highlights. In Kentucky, KU and LG&E will be seeking approval to invest in an advanced metering system and a distribution automation program as part of their rate case proceeding. They will include applications for certificates of public convenience and necessity for implementing these new initiatives which focus on enhancing service offerings to customers, with a continued emphasis on our reliability. In recognition of continued efforts to focus on the customer experience, LG&E ranked highest among midsize gas utilities in the Midwest in J.D. Power's 2016 survey of residential customer satisfaction. This J.D. Power award is the third by a PPL utility this year and the 41st overall for PPL companies, demonstrating our commitment to provide customers with the highest level of service. As we highlighted on our second quarter call, both PPL Electric Utilities and Kentucky Utilities earned J.D. Power awards in July. In Pennsylvania, PPL Electric Utilities is on track to execute more than $1 billion in capital improvements to modernize the grid and strengthen reliability for our customers. The company's automated power restoration system has now restored within minutes more than 58,000 customers since that system became fully operational this past June. We also continue to add new smart devices to extend these benefits and improve grid resiliency even more. The company is also completing preparations to replace 1.4 million meters in Pennsylvania with new smart meters. The meter replacements are expected to begin before the end of the year, and the full $471 million project is expected to be completed by 2019. Transmission expansion also continues with additional investments focused on reinforcing, expanding, and hardening the bulk power system, adding redundancy and making the grid more secure. In the UK, we continue to execute on our plans, and while there is still considerable time left in the current regulatory year, we're on pace to achieve our projected performance against the 2016, 2017 incentive targets for customer minutes lost and customer interruptions. In addition, we're on pace to be at or near the maximum reward levels for customer satisfaction. We provided updates to our incentive revenue performance in slides 20 to 22 of the appendix. Also in the UK, we're leading the way, according to the regulator Ofgem, in connecting renewable generation to local distribution networks. To-date, we've connected or offered to connect almost 20 gigawatts of renewable power. We've already connected approximately 200,000 private solar installations along with 7,500 commercial distributed generation facilities. The company has also launched what we believe to be the world's largest electric vehicle trial to explore charging patterns and the ability of markets to influence those patterns. The trial involving up to 700 vehicles will inform future network planning. And finally, as I've already discussed, we have taken steps to reduce our 2018 and 2019 exposure to foreign currency. Vince will now walk you through a more detailed look at earnings and our hedging strategy. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 9. Our third quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased by $0.12 per share, driven by $0.05 of higher earnings from the Pennsylvania Regulated segment, $0.02 from the Kentucky Regulated segment, and $0.06 from the U.K. Regulated segment. We should note that for the third quarter, we saw warmer weather compared to last year, and as a result, domestic weather was favorable $0.03 compared to last year, and weather was about $0.02 positive compared to budget. However, with the warmer winter earlier this year, on a year-to-date basis, domestic weather is only positive about $0.01 compared to budget. Year-to-date weather in the UK is negative $0.01 compared to the prior year and negative $0.02 compared to budget. So, for the company in total, weather has not been a significant driver of our financial performance this year. Let's move to a more detailed review of the second quarter segment earnings drivers starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 10. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.13 per share in the third quarter of 2016, a $0.05 increase compared to the same period last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher gross margins due to higher distribution margins as a result of new rates going into effect January 1 of this year, higher transmission margins due to additional capital investments, and the favorable effects of weather. Moving to slide 11, our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.18 per share in the third quarter of 2016, a $0.02 increase compared to a year ago. This result was primarily due to higher gross margins due to favorable weather. Turning to slide 12, our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.35 per share in the third quarter of 2016, a $0.06 increase compared to a year ago. This result was primarily driven by higher gross margins, primarily resulting from higher prices from the April 1, 2016 price increase, partially offset by lower volumes due to weather and lower O&M expense, including pension expense. Moving to slide 13, as Bill mentioned, strong performance at each of our regulated utilities led to very solid results through the first nine months of the year compared to our plan, enabling us to raise our 2016 guidance. This slide provides a walk from the midpoint of our original 2016 earnings guidance of $2.35 per share to our new forecasted midpoint of $2.38 per share. The $0.03 improvement in the forecast is coming from $0.02 in Pennsylvania and $0.01 in Kentucky. While we were experiencing better-than-expected earnings in the U.K. as well, that was fully offset by the $0.06 of 2016 restrikes. The outperformance in the U.K. is driven by higher margins as well as lower operating expenses. In Pennsylvania, we are expecting higher margins from favorable weather and usage, as well as higher transmission margins. In Kentucky, we are expecting slightly lower operating expenses. Additionally, across all the segments, we are seeing lower interest expense from lower interest rates and deferrals of debt issuances, in part due to cashing in $310 million of 2017 and 2018 U.K. earnings hedges. Moving to slide 14, as we discussed on our October 12 call, we took action in early October to restrike our remaining in the money 2016 hedges to hedge more of our 2018 exposure. Since the call, we have taken additional action and have completed the execution of the 2017 restrikes, further increasing our hedge levels for 2018. You can see we are now hedged 94% for 2017 at an average hedge rate of $1.25 per pound. We are well hedged for 2018 as a result of the actions we've taken. The combined results of the 2016 and 2017 restrikes is that we have increased our 2018 hedge levels to 93% at an average hedge rate of $1.42 per pound. This creates the flexibility to restrike about $0.12 of 2018 hedge gains to help hedge 2019 earnings at our budgeted rate of $1.30 per pound. The 2019 hedge attainment table reflects the targeted hedge levels in 2019, assuming we restrike 2018 hedge gains and layer on 2019 hedges at our budgeted rate. So if market rates are around $1.20 per pound when we execute the 2018 restrike, we would be able to hedge 100% of 2019 earnings at our budgeted rate, leaving no additional currency exposure for 2019. If market rates were to drop to $1.15 per pound at the time we execute the 2018 restrikes, we would be able to hedge about 73% of 2019 earnings, leaving about $0.04 of exposure on the remaining open position. In the bottom right part of the chart, we also show sensitivities on the open position at various market rates from $1.15 to $1.45 per pound. To the extent the incremental hedge value that we've created in 2018 is not needed to hedge 2019 earnings, which would be the case if the pound rebounds closer to our budgeted rate, we could use it to hedge 2020 earnings. And before I turn the call back over to Bill, you will find an update on RPI in the appendix on slide 23. That slide has been updated for the October RPI forecast from HM Treasury, and is consistent with our forecasted assumptions. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn it back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period. Bill?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Vince. To summarize, we continue to perform very well across all three of our business segments, and we're solidly on track to deliver on our increased 2016 earnings guidance. And even with the $0.06 of restrikes we've executed for 2017, we are reaffirming our 2017 earnings guidance. The actions we've taken as part of our foreign currency hedging strategy has substantially minimized foreign currency risk through 2019, and provide greater assurance to our earnings growth targets, and we're confident in our ability to achieve competitive earnings growth of 5% to 6% a year from 2017 through 2020. The strength of our underlying business plans also provides us with confidence in targeting about 4% annual dividend growth beginning in 2017 and running through 2020. With that, operator, let's open the call up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I had a question as to how often you plan to file rate cases within the U.S. both in Pennsylvania and Kentucky now that the capital spending is coming down to some degree, given that transmission in Pennsylvania and the ECR in Kentucky is somewhat coming to an end. How often do you need to file in order to avoid under earning? And kind of what's the criterion which you'll go in for a rate case or what your earned ROE needs to be before you go in to take that risk?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. Let me begin with Pennsylvania. So, on the transmission side, we're continuing to build out many projects, and those projects are included in our five-year capital spending plan that's included in the appendix of our presentation today. So, that work will continue on. Relative to Pennsylvania distribution operations, that capital spending is coming down, and we would not expect the need to go in for a rate case in Pennsylvania during our forecast period. In Kentucky, I'll let Vic comment on our plans there.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Well, as we just announced today, we just filed this morning, so I suspect I'd (20:54) like to see the outcome of this case before I speculate on when we would file again. But generally speaking, when we get below 10% or so, we begin to look at whether or not another case is required. I should also point out that given the current status environment of regulations, I still would expect there to be substantial expenditures associated with our ECR, both in terms of the $1 billion that was just recently authorized by the commission to meet some of our coal combustion residual requirements and then also now we have some water issues that are going to require us to file under the ECR. So, I still think there will be a lot of money running the ECR. Let's get the outcome of this case, and generally speaking, when we get below 10%, we begin to look at additional cases.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Vince. And just one addition, some of this could be dependent also on the results of the Clean Power Plant and how that may roll out into the future in terms of at least the Kentucky operations.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Could you remind me the rider (21:55) that you have in place for ECR and how much that covers regarding contemporaneous spend?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. Go ahead, Vince.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Under the terms of the statute, we're entitled to recover cost both capital and O&M associated with the Clean Air Act, and generally speaking, that handles most of things associated with not only the Clean Power Plant you've discussed the match (22:20) requirements and all of those types of expenditures. I don't have a breakdown with me of how much is in rates now and how much will be in rates, but generally speaking, it pretty broadly addresses almost all of the environmental requirements associated with our coal combustion facilities.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: And it's near real time.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: It is near real time. We file it and we recover it almost instantaneously, I think about a 60-day delay.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. So, the Kentucky rate case that you're filing now, is that more for distribution spend? Is that the way we should look at it?
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: It's for everything not associated with environmental spend. So, it would be things not associated with the ECR filing. So, for example, as Bill pointed out, we're looking for things like additional reliability on distribution system, additional automation on our distribution system, additional rebuild of our transmission systems. So, it's really driven by bricks and mortars associated with distribution and transmission, and there is some capital in there that's not associated necessarily with coal combustion.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then quickly, could you just update us where you are with any Compass approvals and where you are in the progress with that project, just with the first phase?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. I'll ask Greg Dudkin, President of our Pennsylvania Utilities, to address that one.
Gregory N. Dudkin - PPL Electric Utilities Corp.: Sure. Yes, so where we are is, we have filed an interconnection request with New York ISO. We're expecting a response shortly on that. And for New York transmission projects, you have to go through something called Article VII, which is environmental citing and need process, and we're in the process of starting that up. And I should add that that Article VII process normally takes two to three years.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Abe Azar of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: When do you expect new rates will be in place for the Kentucky Utilities? And can you remind us what your history is of settling rate cases there?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. The expected rates would go into effect, if approved by the commission, in July of next year. Our history of settling has been very solid. We operate, we believe, in a very constructive jurisdiction in Kentucky, and I think all of our spending in the past has been well justified, and we've had what I think are fair and balanced outcomes through settlements. So that's been the pattern thus far.
Abe C. Azar - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. That's all I have. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure. You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Paz of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Good morning.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Good morning.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: I heard earlier someone there mention water issues. I just wanted to make sure I understood. What are the water issues you referenced earlier with respect to capital spending? How much is that? And is that already in your five-year plan?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Those are water effluent guidelines that have been issued by the EPA, so it's not a new issue. And we're looking to see if we have a breakdown of exactly how much that is. We may not have it here at hand, but we can get that to you.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: This is (26:24). I should also comment that we're in the process now of reviewing those regulations. They only recently promulgated, and so those regulations and how we're going to comply with them, we're also finalizing those estimates, and I suspect we'll be in a better position to comment on that at the next call.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Okay. And I presume the next call is when you will update your five-year plan to include, I guess, 2021?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: That's correct. Yes.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then, just on the 2019 specifically, 2019 hedges. I just want to make sure I understand. What has changed since the October 12 call? (27:05).
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Just really the fact that we were able to execute the plan that we talked about on the October 12 call. We had outlined what the strategy was, and we had executed some of that plan, but now we've completed the restrikes for 2016 and 2017, and we're able to do that at the rates that are shown on slide 14, which shows, as Vince commented, that when we get out to 2018, we've got hedges on at $1.42, well above our $1.30 that's embedded in our earnings expectations, the 5% to 6% earnings growth. So, that gives us $0.12 of potential value that we could move to hedge 2019, if need be.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Okay. And as long as the pound is within $1.15, $1.25, you're relatively protected in 2019. And if the rate is above $1.30 or so, $1.35, that's when you say you can move to 2020 protection.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Well, first off, let me just comment on, if the pound stays at, let's just say, $1.20 and above, what you can see on this slide is at $1.20, we would effectively be able to use that $0.12 from 2018 and hedge up 100% of the 2019 exposure. To the extent that we don't need 2018 value to hedge 2019, we would then look forward to 2020, and we could use some of that value for 2020 if we needed to.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barta of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Just two quick ones. The AMI (29:04) in Kentucky, that's going to go through the rate case?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yes.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then when did you say you're going to be filing the domestic rate cases? Is that today?
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Yes. We're announcing that – well, actually the filing would be on November 23 I believe it was.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's all. Thank you.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. You're welcome.
William H. Spence - PPL Corp.: Okay. Operator, I think that's all the questions that are in the queue. So, let me just close the call by thanking everyone for your participation on today's call. I will note that several members of our senior management team and I will be attending the EEI conference next week. And we look forward to seeing everyone there. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - Vice President-Investor Relations and Treasurer William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joseph Bergstein, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joseph P. Bergstein - Vice President-Investor Relations and Treasurer: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliation to the GAAP measures, you should refer to the press release which has been posted to our website and has been furnished with the SEC. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL's Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. We're very pleased that you've joined us this morning. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer, and the presidents of our U.S. and U.K. utility businesses. Moving to slide 3, our agenda this morning starts with an overview of our quarterly and year-to-date 2016 earnings results. We will also provide an update to our 2016 full-year earnings guidance, which we are reaffirming today. We will then turn our discussion to the impact that the U.K. decision to leave the European Union has had on PPL. We are also initiating earnings guidance for 2017 and updating our long-term EPS growth rates. Following my remarks, Vince will review our segment results and provide an overview of the assumptions we've used in planning for growth through the end of the decade. As always, we'll leave time to answer your questions. Turning next to slide 4. Today, we announced second quarter 2016 reported earnings of $0.71 per share compared with the reported loss of $1.13 per share in the second quarter of 2015. Second quarter 2015 results reflected a one-time charge of $1.50 per share from discontinued operations associated with the June 1, 2015, spin-off of our Supply business. Year-to-date through the second quarter, reported earnings were $1.41 per share compared with a loss of $0.17 per share through the same period in 2015. Reported earnings for the first six months of 2015 reflect a loss from discontinued operations of $1.36 per share, resulting again primarily from the Supply spin-off. Adjusting for special items, second quarter 2016 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.56 per share compared with $0.49 per share a year ago, representing a 14% increase on a per share basis. This increase was driven largely by higher base electricity rates at our Pennsylvania and Kentucky utilities along with higher transmission margins from additional transmission investments in Pennsylvania. Through the first six months of 2016, earnings from ongoing operations were $1.23 per share compared with $1.26 per share a year ago, with the lower earnings year-to-date driven by the lower U.K. earnings in the first quarter of 2016 as a result of the RIIO-ED1 revenue reset that occurred in April of 2015. Vince will go into greater detail on second quarter results a little later in the call, but we're very pleased with the results for the second quarter and so far this year. Moving to slide 5. Today, we're reaffirming our 2016 ongoing earnings forecast of $2.25 to $2.45 per share with a midpoint of $2.35 per share. The higher-than-expected results in all of our business units so far this year gives us a high degree of confidence in our ability to meet our 2016 earnings forecast. We continue to execute our plans for sustainable growth across our seven high-performing utilities while delivering award-winning customer service, strengthening reliability and improving our efficiencies. And to reflect the current market for the pound, our 2016 forecast now assumes $1.30 per pound on our open positions. Turning to slide 6. Looking beyond 2016, the fundamentals of the business remain strong. And in fact, despite the recent U.K. vote to withdraw from the European Union and the resulting weakening of the British pound sterling exchange rates. The vote to leave the EU has created broader economic uncertainty in the U.K. and is clearly a unique event that has led to significant volatility in the currency and worldwide markets. Despite this reaction, there is no change in our underlying business in the U.K. Our revenues are set for seven more years. We are essentially sheltered from an economic recession since we would be made whole in future periods for any volume variances that may result from an economic slowdown in the U.K. And as a reminder, our base revenues are also adjusted for inflation using the retail price index, or RPI. The July RPI forecast has actually already increased from the forecast published just a month ago in June. Further, we expect no change to our investment in infrastructure, since our business plans have already been accepted by Ofgem, the U.K. regulator. The volatility created in the currency markets, however, does have an impact on our U.S. dollar financial projections. The lower pound exchange rate will impact our translated earnings and the WPD dividend coming back to the U.S. Moving to slide 7. We know that without providing updates to our earnings growth profile, there will continue to be uncertainty for investors as to our longer term earnings profile, given the sharp decline in the British pound exchange rates. With no near-term catalyst that would signal a move higher in the pound, we took action to update our business plans to reflect current market conditions, starting with the monetization of our existing 2017 and 2018 hedges, which I'll discuss in more detail shortly. Today, we're providing new earnings growth projections and a target dividend growth rate as well as updates to our U.K. cash repatriation and FX hedging strategies, all of which should provide clarity around our earnings and dividend targets through the end of the decade. The post-Brexit decline in the pound sterling drove our existing foreign currency hedges to be about $450 million in the money, which we don't believe is being appropriately reflected in PPL's stock price. We believe investors are largely valuing the company on an open basis excluding the value of these hedges. As a result, we were looking for an opportunity to optimize the value of these existing hedges. We decided to monetize the gains associated with our 2017 and 2018 earnings hedges, capturing approximately $310 million in value. This monetization in combination with the higher than expected gains on the remaining 2016 hedges will offset lower expected cash repatriation amounts from the U.K. resulting from the lower expected exchange rate, providing about five to six years of coverage and will support the company's future dividend growth. Cashing in the hedges, though, did result in us remarking our future earnings using current market rates, which is expected to result in 2017 earnings being lower than 2016 earnings. Since we didn't think we were getting credit in the stock price for the hedges, we felt it was prudent to lock in the value of those hedges and protect the dividend growth despite the resetting of our future earnings. We have reestablished hedges for 2017 and 2018 at current foreign exchange rates at slightly higher hedge levels than existed prior to the monetization. We've updated our business plan to reflect current market conditions including $1.30 foreign currency rate on unhedged positions from 2017 through 2020. Re-hedging about 95% of the 2017 U.K. earnings at current rates protects the 2017 earnings guidance that we are providing today against any further near-term decline in the pound, and resetting our unhedged earnings in our business plan to the $1.30 exchange rate allows for potential upside to our earnings projections if there is a recovery in the pound. We're also announcing an update to our cash repatriation strategy, with an expectation of lower amounts being repatriated from the U.K. going forward. On an annual basis, we will determine the appropriate level of distributions from the U.K., taking into account foreign exchange rates, as well as tax rates in both the U.S. and the U.K. But in the near term, we anticipate that we would repatriate about $100 million to $200 million annually. Vince will provide more details on this updated strategy in his prepared remarks. The actions we have taken reinforce our dividend growth projections and reestablish a baseline of PPL earnings and future earnings growth reflective of the Brexit decision, the current market, and our underlying business growth. Today, we're providing a 2017 guidance range of $2.05 to $2.25 per share for PPL with the midpoint of $2.15 per share. We now expect per-share compound annual earnings growth of 5% to 6% from 2017 through 2020 based on the midpoint of our 2017 guidance. Moving forward, we will continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and strong cash flows, and our investment-grade credit ratings remain unchanged with a stable outlook. Finally, as I mentioned earlier, with the cash-out of the hedges, we are not changing our expectation of a more meaningful dividend growth beginning in 2017. We're now targeting dividend growth of about 4% annually through the end of the decade. This will result in our total return proposition being projected to be in the 8% to 10% range over this period. While we were not expecting the U.K. to vote to leave the EU, after careful consideration and deliberation with our board of directors, we decided to take these actions now as it recognizes the reality of the current market conditions is reflective of the underlying growth of the business and it enables us to focus our attention on providing safe reliable service to customers and delivering long-term value for shareowners as opposed to being overly focused on the FX rate. Turning to slide 8, we prepared a walk from the midpoint of our 2016 earnings forecast of $2.35 per share to the $2.15 per share midpoint of our 2017 earnings forecast. As you can see on the slide, there's a $0.20 per share decline from 2016 to 2017 directly attributable to the impact of resetting the exchange rate to the updated hedge rate of $1.32 per pound. The U.K. earnings, excluding currency, are expected to be $0.04 lower in 2017 compared to 2016 as a result of lower incentive revenues that we've discussed on prior calls. The higher depreciation and interest expense is offset by the annual price increase under RIIO-ED1 in the UK. We are forecasting both the Pennsylvania and Kentucky regulated segments to be $0.02 higher in 2017 compared to 2016. In both cases, higher margins are driving the higher earnings. Corporate and other expenses are expected to be relatively flat year-over-year. Moving on to slide 9, our business fundamentals and investment proposition have not changed significantly. We still expect strong compound annual rate base growth of about 5% from year-end 2016 through 2020 with rate base expected to grow to $29 billion by 2020. The constructive regulatory climate in which we do business is also the same. We still expect about 80% of our $12 billion infrastructure investment over the period to receive real-time recovery. Our core business is growing in support of our longer-term growth projection of 5% to 6% from 2017 through 2020. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Vince to walk you through a detailed look at segment earnings and a full review of the detailed assumptions used in planning for our updated guidance. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 11. Our second quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased by $0.07 per share, driven primarily by higher earnings from the Pennsylvania Regulated segment and the Kentucky Regulated segment, while the U.K. Regulated segment remained flat compared to a year ago. Corporate and other costs were slightly favorable compared to prior year. We should note that for the second quarter compared to prior year, domestic weather was relatively flat and weather was about $0.01 positive compared to budget. Let's move to a more detailed review of the second quarter segment earnings drivers, starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 12. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.11 per share in the second quarter of 2016, a $0.04 increase compared to the same period last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher gross margins due to higher distribution margins as a result of the 2015 rate case that became effective January 1, 2016, and higher transmission margins due to additional capital investments. Moving to slide 13. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.11 per share in the second quarter of 2016, a $0.02 increase compared to a year ago. This result was primarily due to higher gross margins from higher base rates that were effective July 1 of last year. Turning to slide 14. Our UK Regulated segment earned $0.36 per share in the second quarter of 2016, the same as a year ago. This result was due to higher gross margins primarily resulting from higher prices due to the April 1, 2016, price increase, partially offset by one month of lower prices from the April 1, 2015, price decrease from the commencement of RIIO-ED1. Higher margins were offset by higher depreciation and interest expense as a result of continued investment in CapEx, and lower O&M expense of $0.01 was offset by unfavorable FX of $0.01. Let's move to slide 15 and take a closer look at our earnings growth drivers. As Bill discussed, we are initiating our 2017 earnings guidance range of $2.05 to $2.25 per share, with a midpoint of $2.15 per share. We now expect a 5% to 6% long-term compound annual growth rate off of the 2017 midpoint of $2.15 through the end of the decade. The key drivers in support of this new guidance include updating the GBP exchange rate to $1.30 per pound for all open positions and updating RPI using the July HM Treasury forecast for the U.K. economy. We have also updated our U.S. and U.K. interest rate and pension assumptions to incorporate a lower-for-longer interest rate environment. And as Bill indicated earlier, we're targeting a dividend growth rate of about 4% per year through 2020, starting in 2017. Our assumptions for the 6% to 8% growth profile for our domestic utilities includes the same strong growth factors as previously discussed, including domestic rate base growth of about 5%, minimal load growth in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky, transmission spending under FERC formula rates in Pennsylvania of between $600 million and $700 million per year, totaling $2.6 billion over the four years, and between $350 million and $400 million a year of continued environmental investment in Kentucky at an ROE of 10%. Over the four years, we expect to spend about $1.5 billion of environmental CapEx in Kentucky. Just this week, the Kentucky Public Service Commission approved our $1 billion environmental costs recovery plan with a 9.8% ROE. Moving to the U.K., the updates to the business plan reflect the macroeconomic impact following the U.K. referendum. We now project 4% to 6% growth in the U.K. from 2017 through 2020. The plan incorporates $1.30 per pound FX rate on our unhedged earnings from 2017 through 2020. With the monetization of the 2017 and 2018 hedges, we entered into new hedges for those years at current market rates. I'll discuss the hedge levels and the average rates we attained when we get to the foreign currency hedging status slide. RAV growth is expected to be 5.4% through 2020, driving segment ROEs in the 12% to 14% range. We've also incorporated an update on the U.K. incentive revenue. Estimates are now $85 million for 2017, between $80 million and $100 million for 2018, and between $95 million and $115 million for 2019 and 2020. These estimates for incentives were adjusted for the assumed change in exchange rates and RPI as well as expected performance against those targets. You will find our progress against the 2016 and 2017 regulatory year targets in the appendix to the presentation. WPD's performance continues to be very strong and is on track to beat the new target. We've incorporated new RPI assumptions to reflect the latest forecast published by HM Treasury in late July. This forecast shows a slight uptick in RPI from previous forecasts and we continue to expect an effective tax rate in the U.K. of approximately 17%. Moving to slide 16, I'd like to review our updated cash repatriation strategy from the U.K., as this strategy has been modified beyond just the lower FX rate. Our previous guidance on cash repatriation from the U.K. was to distribute between $300 million and $500 million per year with a target of $400 million, assuming an FX rate of $1.60 per pound. We've previously indicated the amount of repatriation within that range would depend on a number of factors, including the FX rate. The targeted $400 million per year represented distributions of about £250 million per year. That £250 million, translated at $1.30, would result in U.S. dollar distributions of about $325 million. This lower value of $75 million per year does not immediately impact us from a cash perspective, since the (20:38) money hedge value of about $450 million provides about five to six years of coverage against that lower U.S. dollar amount. But while the hedges kept us whole from a cash perspective, with the historically low FX rate and higher corporate tax rates in the U.S. versus the U.K., we have an opportunity to optimize our cash coming back from the U.K. even further. We are currently planning to repatriate between $100 million and $200 million per year in the near term. This lower cash amount will minimize the amount of translation impact on cash coming back from the U.K. at these historically low exchange rates. We will replace the lower repatriation level with debt in the U.S. Debt in the U.K., however, will be reduced by the same amount. Therefore, total debt at the PPL consolidated level will remain the same. This shift in borrowing from the U.K. to the U.S. captures the benefit of the tax rate differential between the two countries. This benefit becomes even more pronounced as the U.K. continues to reduce their corporate tax rates. Since the distributions are reducing our U.K. tax basis, these lower distribution levels also extend our tax efficient cash repatriation strategy well beyond our original expectation of 2021 or 2022; and on an annual basis, we will continue to evaluate the most efficient level of cash repatriation, taking into account prospective changes in the exchange rate, tax rates in both the U.K. and the U.S., as well as our overall tax strategy. Moving to slide 17. The primary change to our revised capital plan is updating the U.K. projections for 2017 through 2020 based on an FX rate of $1.30 compared to the $1.60 previously used and to an average rate of $1.37 for 2016. We are not projecting any impact on the U.K. capital forecast in local currency as those business plans have been accepted by Ofgem. On a U.S. dollar basis, we are now investing approximately $1 billion annually in each of our three business lines, and the five-year spending plan from 2016 through 2020, it's about $15.4 billion. Moving to slide 18. We've also updated our rate base growth projections and have shown updated RAV balances to reflect the $1.30 FX rate assumption. Our overall growth rate of 5% has decreased slightly as we have reset our base year to 2016. And to enhance comparability, we have assumed $1.30 per pound for all periods. Moving to slide 19. As we've discussed earlier, at the same time we monetized the 2017 and 2018 hedges, we've put new hedges on at slightly higher levels at current market rates. You can see our average hedge levels for 2017 and 2018 and the average rates we achieved when we put the new hedges on. We used forward contracts to hedge 2017, which locks in from an FX perspective the new guidance we just provided for 2017. However, we used the combination of forward contracts and zero-cost collars to re-hedge 2018, providing us with some potential upside if the pound appreciates before then. The average hedge rates noted on the slide are based on the forwards and the floors in the collars for 2018. So we protected the downside below $1.30 but retained some upside potential above the rates shown on the slide. We've also provided updated sensitivities which show there is more upside potential for 2018 than downside risk, given the collars. But the rule of thumb of a $0.01 movement in the FX rate equaling a $0.01 movement in EPS still applies for a fully open year like 2019. Moving to slide 20, on this slide our updated forecast assumptions are shown for RPI, again using the July HM Treasury forecast of the U.K. economy. The rates for 2017, 2018 and 2019 have been incorporated into our updated revenue projection. As a result, the RPI sensitivity for 0.5% movement is now off our updated forecast and would increase or decrease earnings by $0.02 in 2018. I know that was a lot of information, so let me just recap. We felt the most appropriate course of action in light of Brexit was to, one, monetize the large mark-to-market value of the hedges, which enables us to preserve our dividend grow strategy for the PPL dividend; two, update our business plan to assume $1.30 per pound FX rate for all open positions, thus rebasing our earnings projections for 2017 forward; three, provide a very clear path for earnings growth beyond 2017 through the end of the decade based on the underlying growth of both the U.S. and the U.K. businesses; and four, optimize our strategy of U.K. cash distributions back to the U.S. by lowering the amount of distributions to the minimum required, capturing the tax rate differential between the U.S. and the U.K., and preserving our tax-efficient cash repatriation strategy for significantly longer. An added benefit of this approach is that if the pound or RPI increases over time, that will be upside to the new EPS forecast and growth rates we just provided. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call over to Bill for the question-and-answer period. Bill?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Vince. Before we take your questions, let me just say that we had another strong quarter, and we remain confident on our plans for future growth. I believe today's actions are very important because they provide clarity and transparency in our response to the U.K.'s decision to exit the EU. By providing longer-term earnings expectations, our actions also illustrate the confidence we have in the strong business fundamentals of our seven high-performing utilities. It was clear to us that the volatility in our stock was correlated to changes in the pound, and the benefits of our financial hedges were not being reflected in our valuation. By monetizing those hedges, we have not only helped to secure our dividend growth objectives, but our earnings growth is also now clarified on a foreign currency basis that is more reflective of the current market. Clearly, Brexit was a unique event, but our positive view of the U.K. business model remains unchanged. PPL's senior management team is committed to delivering 5% to 6% annual earnings growth through 2020. The premium utility jurisdictions in which we operate provide us with confidence in our ability to deliver this growth. We will continue to build on this foundation, seeking additional ways to provide value to share owners and our customers. With that, operator, let's open the call to questions, please.
Operator: The first question comes from Greg Gordon at Evercore ISI. Mr. Gordon?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Oh. Hi. Good morning. Sorry about that. So, absolutely the right decision to reset the currency hedges from my perspective. I just have one clarifying question and I thought your presentation was pretty clear, but when you look at the balance sheets of the U.K. versus the U.S. entities, presumably before you were going to be leveraging up a little bit in the U.K. in order to repatriate that cash. Now, you're going to have a higher equity capitalization in the U.K. But where on the U.S. corporate structure are you going to be issuing the incremental leverage, and how does that change in the capital structure in the U.K. flow through the U.K. earnings? Essentially because you have an eight-year deal, the real cost of capital will essentially now be slightly different than the prior projected cost of capital. I'm sorry I'm asking a belabored question, but I just want a little more details on how to bridge the cash flow.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. No, I understand. So, just a couple of comments and then I'll turn it over to Vince. So, yeah, you're absolutely right. So the capitalization program for the U.K. is going to be different. So, as you recall in the past, we were looking at leverage at the U.K. holding company over time approaching 80% to 85%. That's more likely now to be down around the 75% level. That's going to give us about $1 billion, roughly, of headroom, if you will, for future investments from the U.K. once the exchange rates settle out and we look at the financial strategy for the U.K. going forward. So that's one – clearly one piece of it. Maybe, Vince, you can take the other elements of the question.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, and I'll just follow up on that. So that borrowing, generally, Greg, was up at the WPD holding company level, so it wasn't part of the rate-making within the U.K. It did help drive the higher ROEs at the segment level because the debt was up at the holding company level, but it doesn't really impact the revenue projections within the U.K. And then the U.S. entity would be PPL Capital Funding would be the one that's issuing that debt to replace the lower amounts coming back.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And then my second to last question, when I think about post-2017 total earnings growth, the aspiration is 5% to 6%. I know you're through sort of the big reset years in the U.K. under the new rate scheme in terms of having the incentives come down, having to reset and you want to have the incentives come down as you transition, and I see the rate base growth profile in the U.S. Based on your current assumptions and understanding things could change a lot as we move forward in time, do you expect that the earnings growth path to be somewhat linear inside that 5% to 6% growth path or are there like sort of chunky CapEx rate base rate-making assumptions we have to think about between 2017 and 2020?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, good question, Greg. No, we expect it to be relatively linear or consistent year-over-year and not lumpy or chunky over that 2017 to 2020 timeframe.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you, guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thank you, Greg.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Arnold at Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Two things. I think I heard you mention that you'd changed the – you'd adjusted the pension to expectation of lower for longer with the guidance reset. So can I just clarify? Does that mean you've put the pension assumption where rates are currently into 2017?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. This is Vince, yes. We're assuming a below-4% discount rate in both the U.S. and the U.K., and actually our 2017 U.K. discount rate is even below 3%.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you for that. And then just can I – also on hedging strategy going forward, you're obviously 50% covered on 2018 with this kind of upward – upside bias and the way you've done it. How should we think about your willingness to keep currency open as we move forward? And are you likely to – is this kind of 50% of this effectively third year where you would expect to be, say, on 2019 by this time next year or are you kind of ahead of where you'd expect to be, some feel for how you'll do this going forward?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Jonathan. I think it would be fairly consistent with the approach that we've taken in the past where we would certainly be highly hedged for the upcoming period in which we give specific guidance. So, in this case, it was 2017, so we thought it was appropriate even though we issued guidance a little bit early to go ahead and hedge that up a little bit further than we normally would at this point. So looking at 2018, we would begin hedging in or looking to hedge in the rest of 2018 sometime beginning next year, and then probably start to layer in some 2019 hedges next year as well. And we'd probably look to, depending on the volatility in the currency rate and other market conditions, we may look to do something similar with collars like we've done here to either preserve some of the upside and protect the downside or to lock in something above our plan. So to the extent that we can improve upon the growth rate by hedging in at numbers stronger than the plan, that would obviously be something we'd look closely at doing.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. So we should think of you as being a little ahead of what the typical plan will be at this point.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. A little bit, yes.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Gregg Orrill at Barclays.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you. Just, again, your thoughts on how you're doing with the U.K. incentive scheme there and program and if there was any notable change outside of FX for your assumptions.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We're very happy with the performance. Obviously, we've got one full year behind us. We're into the second year, which started April 1, 2016. So I think the team in the U.K. is doing a great job. And I'll let Robert Symons, the CEO of our U.K. business, comment on kind of expectations going forward and what we've built into the plan here.
Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.: Yes. Thanks, Bill. Very much on track in the same way as we were last year. If we have storms, then – if they're of sufficient size, then they're excluded from the numbers. So our ongoing numbers are looking very similar to the previous year. So really no worries where that's concerned at the moment. In terms of what are we doing, we increase all the time. We're increasing the level of automation. I'm looking at new ways in terms of getting those numbers better year-on-year.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Robert.
Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.: One thing that has happened is that we've came top of the pops in terms of social responsibility and time to connect. There are some incentive to actually measure how well companies were doing in terms of how they treat vulnerable customers and also a hot topic in the U.K. is the time taken to connect, and we've come out with the top incentive payment in both those two areas.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So, Gregg, I would just say that the amount received for those two incentives was significantly higher than what we had originally expected. And so, we did update the incentives for that as well. It's about $10 million, $12 million or so.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides at Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Just looking at the bridge for 2016 versus 2017 guidance, and one of the things that stands out a little bit is the U.K., not the currency side, but, honestly, the fact that your expectation that D&A and taxes other than income taxes, interest, will all offset any revenue change. Just curious, do you view that $0.04 headwind in the U.K. as kind of a one-off deal in 2017; and then beginning in 2018, you'll get earnings growth out of the U.K.? And also, can you talk about expectations for O&M, just local currency, not currency-adjusted, in the U.K. in 2017 and beyond?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. So, on the revenue and the offsets on depreciation interest, some of that is a one-time transition or specifically limited to 2017. So yes, that's a little bit of an anomaly in terms of that transition, 2016 to 2017. Relative to O&M, really I don't think there's any change expected in O&M. Much of the work that Robert and his team are doing is very predictable and very kind of standard blocking and tackling type work, so no expectation there. As I know you can appreciate, Michael, the RPI could be an uplift to us because that retail price index is expected to probably go higher as the economy in the U.K. is under some pressure. So that's a potential upside to the plan should it go beyond what we have assumed today. So other than that – and our revenues would be adjusted for that – really no other impacts on the negative side.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's really the last leg of the drop in the incentives that's driving this. And then we get through that in 2017 and you see the growth going forward.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. So in 2018, how much would you like – I'm just trying to think about growth in the U.K., because we kind of know based on the Ofgem data what's supposed to happen on the D&A and taxes other than income taxes side. How much revenue growth on a cents per share basis do you expect like in 2018 and beyond on an annualized basis? Like what's in your guidance to that?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: You're longer term – your multi-year guidance?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. On the top line, I don't have that handy, Michael. But I would say that just like the 5% to 6% growth is relatively levelized or linear, so is the U.K.'s growth, their 4% to 6% that we provided. So we would expect on a net income basis relatively consistent growth starting in 2018 off of 2017 and through the rest of the guidance period we provided.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay, guys. I'll follow up offline. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. No problem.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Patterson at Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning. Can you hear me?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a philosophical question, I guess. I mean, if you're basically canceling out your hedge and taking the money, why re-hedge, I guess? Do you follow me? I mean, if you could just sort of like – is it just because of near-term volatility and the idea that investors want some protection in that versus being way out of the money? If you could just elaborate a little bit on that, I'd like that.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. That's a good question. So we thought that the opportunity to cash out the hedges would allow us to provide that certainty on the dividend growth rate of 4% that we noted we are committing to or at least targeting, I should say, for the 2017 to 2020 period. So that was one of the real values of that. Plus it helps to offset from a cash perspective the lower amount that we would be repatriating back from the U.K. in light of the lower exchange rates. So, philosophically that was kind of how we looked at it. Vince, do you want to provide any additional color to that? But I think those are two of the main elements.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. I think as we've also – when we come out and kind of reset our earnings, we wanted to make sure we had a strong degree of confidence in those earnings that we were coming out within the growth rates that we've provided. As we talk with economists in the U.K., banks – a number of banks, both in the U.K. and here in the U.S. – I think there was some view that in the back half of 2016, there could be some additional pressure on the pound. I think the consensus estimate for the back half of 2016 is about $1.28, but I think there are some that show $1.20 to $1.30. And then in 2017, I would say consensus is kind of in that $1.30 to $1.35 range. Coincidentally, the collars that we put on basically give us an effective collar of $1.30 to $1.36, so right in line kind of with consensus estimates for the pound over the next, say, year and a half. So I think from our perspective, it was a win-win; we got to take the cash. It's also the reason why we didn't take off the 2016 hedges. That's supporting our $2.35 guidance that we reaffirmed today. Plus, again, if the bias is for the pound to go down a little bit more in the short term, those hedges will be more in the money. So I think as we just took the whole position and thought about it holistically, it made sense to put the hedges back on at the current market. Also, I think when you look at the hedge program and the way the stock trades in normal, say, FX conditions, I think the hedges work very well and we do get the credit for the hedges, except for these (42:45) extreme cases where we tend to trade on a fully open basis, and if $1.30 is the new norm, we would expect and I think investors would expect us to re-hedge.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, just – other than on this tax differential, other than the borrowings that you're talking about, like increasing them in the U.S. versus the U.K., are there any other strategies that you guys might be thinking that could further optimize that in terms of cost shifting or there's some derivative things that could theoretically take place.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't think that there'd be anything of a significant or material amount. I think we'll continue to look to tweak the strategy and look for other optimization. But I think, at the moment, I can't envision something that would be very significant. But we'll continue to look at it.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I mean, the real thing we're looking at is the after-tax cost of borrowing. And so, obviously, the interest rates play into that as well. But interest rates are fairly consistent between the two countries, and it really, at least right now, boils down to the tax effects of those – of that interest expense. But that's something we'll continue to monitor.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Anthony Crowdell at Jefferies.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Guys, my question has been answered. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Fleishman at Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. A couple of quick questions. First, on the – just to clarify a prior answer on the incentives, if you exclude currency and the like, what – how much have the incentives gone up, I guess, on a non-currency basis from your last guidance?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So as Vince said, on a dollar basis, about $10 million to $12 million.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. That's the social responsibility. Did we raise it above that?
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Sorry if I missed that.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. That's okay. So, Steve, it would be $10 million to $12 million.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just in terms of your kind of overall rate base growth plan through 2020, are there some – I recall you in the past talking about some projects or opportunities, maybe, that could be added to rate base growth over time. Are there some things in the hopper that are not included in this plan to 2020 right now?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We do have on our transmission group several projects we're pursuing. The one that we have talked about in the past is Compass. That's a very large – if you looked at all the phases, $3 billion to $5 billion potential project. The first phase, which is Western Pennsylvania into New York, would still be material. But most of those, Steve, would be pretty late in this decade into the next decade, so no real significant spending on those bigger projects until probably you get out to 2019, 2020, and even then it would probably be a slow build, and then really more significant in the 2021-2022 timeframe. But we continue to look at some competitive transmission projects both within PJM and outside of PJM, none of which are embedded in our guidance at all, so those projects would all be upside to the plan.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just curious, just are the rating agencies kind of comfortable with your updated U.K. distribution plan, issuing debt at the parent, to cash from the hedges, all that? I'm just curious kind of their reaction to it, if at all?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So, when the impact of the pound was evident, we did have conversations with the rating agencies, and their initial report was to maintain the ratings with a stable outlook. And our commitment, obviously, as I stated earlier, to maintaining the investment-grade credit ratings is solid, so we wouldn't expect any significant change.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then one last question just strategically. Obviously, this is a bit of a freak event, but I'm curious, Bill, either you or the board, how does this kind of maybe color your view on wanting to strategically get more domestically oriented in terms of mix of earnings, if at all?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, because it is such a unique event, it really doesn't change the view that we have about the strengths of the U.K. business mode, so we're not going to, obviously, overreact to any event like this. So, yeah, it really doesn't change our view of the business mix. As we stated before, to the extent that we would engage in M&A, clearly, we would probably look more significantly at domestic opportunities than we would opportunities in the U.K. But having said that, there are no plans to change the mix at this time.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Just – most of my questions were answered. But on domestic growth, it looks like utility growth is slightly down. I'm having trouble finding out, is that just a function of rolling forward to 2019 and 2020 versus your prior plan, or is the CapEx sort of leveling off in 2019 and 2020?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a combination of the different time frames. So before we were looking at the 2014 to 2018 period, the 24 (49:01) was kind of an adjusted number that we were growing off of. So we've re-based now on the 2017 guidance that we just provided through 2020, so that's probably the biggest driver is just that time period and extending, as you point out, extending it through 2019 and 2020 so – which, as I mentioned earlier, even though we've got a slightly lower growth rate, we would expect that to be fairly ratable over the years 2017 through 2020, so no real lumpiness to it. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Shar, I would say there's probably two main points in driving the delta. One, as you may recall, we had about that $100 million of corporate restructuring in the 2014 to 2018 growth rate. That's obviously not in the 2017 to 2020 growth rate. And then we were also transitioning in Kentucky from a historical test year to a forward test year back then. Now, we're all on future test years and so you don't get that bump in the initial growth rate that we had back in the 2014 to 2018 period.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. And then just one real last question here on WPD. I know we've historically talked about the business will naturally dilute itself as U.S. utilities grow. But now, it looks like U.K. and U.S. more or less growth almost similar, maybe the U.S. growth a little bit more. I just want to reinforce, Bill, like the board is still comfortable with the WPD business despite this discount continuing.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, they are. I think we, again, have great confidence in the underlying fundamentals of that business and like all the attributes of the regulatory construct there that provides us recovery of and on capital as we deploy it. So I think the very positive attributes of that business really offset, to a degree, any type of downside we see. And again, we believe the Brexit was a unique event and we don't anticipate events like that coming along again in the future. But we are, yes, comfortable and the board is comfortable with the business model.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Thanks.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to William Spence for closing remarks.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'd just like to thank everyone for joining us today. As I mentioned, we believe that the steps we took today were absolutely the right ones for share owners and we look forward to executing on our new plans for 2020 and appreciate the support of share owners as we go forward. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - Vice President-Investor Relations and Treasurer William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Gregory N. Dudkin - President & Director, PPL Electric Utilities Corp.
Analysts: Paul A. Zimbardo - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After this presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this – that it's (00:38) being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joseph P. Bergstein - Vice President-Investor Relations and Treasurer: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results and our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the press release, which has been posted on our website and has been filed with the SEC. At this time I'd to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us this morning. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; and the Presidents of our U.S. and U.K. utility businesses. Moving to slide three, our agenda this morning starts with a discussion of our 2016 ongoing earnings forecast, an overview of our first quarter 2016 earnings results, and an operational overview. Following my remarks, Robert Symons, Chief Executive of our Western Power Distribution subsidiary, will provide an update on expected U.K. incentive revenues for 2017 and 2018, which we are increasing today. And Robert will also provide a general update on the completion of our first year under RIIO-ED1. Vince will then review our segment financials and provide a more detailed financial overview. Let's move to slide four for a discussion of our 2016 earnings forecast. As we note on this slide, we're reaffirming our 2016 forecast of $2.25 to $2.45 per share. The midpoint of this range, $2.35 per share, represents growth of 6.3% compared to 2015 earnings from ongoing operations. Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations, and we remain on track to deliver on this forecast despite the warmer-than-normal weather we experienced across our service territories to start this year. The significant investments we continue to make to build tomorrow's energy infrastructure, coupled with our ability to begin recovering more than 80% of that investment in near real time, will drive our long-term sustainable growth. We expect to achieve compound annual EPS growth through 2018 of 5% to 6% off of our adjusted 2014 earnings from ongoing operations of $2.03 per share. We continue to expect strong EPS growth of 11% to 13% through 2018 from our U.S. operations, with 1% to 3% growth expected in the U.K. Turning to slide five. Today we announced first quarter 2016 reported earnings of $0.71 per share, compared with $0.96 per share from our first quarter 2015 results. Adjusting for special items, first quarter 2016 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.67 per share, compared with $0.77 per share a year ago. As expected, we saw a decline in earnings from ongoing operations in the first quarter as a result of lower earnings in the U.K. This stemmed from lower revenues due to the new price control period that began on April 1 of 2015. Higher domestic margins from rate increases at our Kentucky and Pennsylvania businesses were partially offset by lower sales volumes due to milder winter weather. Vince will go into greater detail on first quarter results a little later in the call, including a discussion of the timing of our U.K. earnings. As Vince will discuss, we did expect variability between quarters, with increased earnings weighted towards the back half of this year. Now let's move to slide six for an update on our utility operations. This month, PPL Electric Utilities energized its Northeast Pocono transmission line a year ahead of schedule. The project includes 60 miles of new transmission lines, three new substations and additional improvements focused on making the grid more reliable, resilient and secure. We're confident this line will deliver significant benefits for our customers. Completing major transmission project like this one, or like the Susquehanna-Roseland line we completed last spring, takes expertise in construction and project management. It also requires working closely with the public and coordinating with various permitting agencies. We've shown our ability to excel in these areas and deliver successful outcomes for our customers and our share owners. Turning to Kentucky, Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities continue to invest in environmental upgrades at existing generation facilities, while strengthening the diversity of our generation fleet. In late January, we filed environmental compliance and cost recovery plans with the Kentucky Public Service Commission, seeking approval and environmental cost recovery for $1 billion in upcoming environmental improvement projects. These projects are largely aimed at ensuring compliance with the EPA's new Coal Combustion Residuals rule, which took effect the last year. The projects will involve capping and closing remaining ash ponds at our coal-fired power plants, building process water facilities and completing the second phase of a dry storage landfill project at our E.W. Brown generating station. The application review process before the Kentucky Public Service Commission is proceeding as we would expect. We expect to begin investments in these environmental improvements in the second half of 2016, and those will continue through 2023. In addition, we're on track to complete the final baghouse installation at our Mill Creek generating station by June. This follows previous installations of baghouses at our Trimble County and E.W. Brown generating stations. We also expect to complete Kentucky's largest solar facility in June. The 10-megawatt facility under construction at our E.W. Brown generating facility represents a cost-effective way to expand the benefits of solar to all customers. While portions of the project continue, we began generating our first solar power from the facility on April 14. Moving to the U.K., we continue to achieve strong performance against our RIIO-ED1 incentive targets, and Robert will now discuss that in more detail. Robert?
Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.: Many thanks, Bill, and good morning. Moving to slide seven. March 31, 2016 marked the end of the first full regulatory year under RIIO-ED1, and we are pleased to be providing an update on our full year performance against the RIIO-ED1 incentive targets. Before I go into the details, I would like to review a few key points of the incentive framework. The primary incentive mechanisms that contribute to incentive revenues include the interruption incentive schemes and the Broad Measure of Customer Satisfaction. Interruption incentive schemes include Customer Interruptions and Customer Minutes Lost. The broad measure of Customer Satisfaction measures the performance of customer satisfaction on a scale from one to 10 against the targets Ofgem has established with customers experiencing interruptions, requesting a connection, or making a general inquiry. Both of these incentive mechanisms are designed to encourage DNOs to invest and operate their networks so as to reduce both the frequency and duration of power outages. Turning to slide eight. On this slide, you will find our full year results against the performance targets set by Ofgem for regulatory year 2015 to 2016. WPD has improved Customer Minutes Lost and Customer Interruptions performance metrics by approximately 8% over the 2014 throughout 2015 regulatory year, which resulted in earning 77% of the maximum potential payout. This year, our operational efforts contributing to this success included several major asset replacement projects, significant rural network automation, and outperforming previous years' reliability performance. As it relates to broad measure of customer satisfaction, WPD has also received reaccreditation to the U.K. government-sponsored customer service excellence standard and has once again achieved the highest level of compliance, which further demonstrates our continued commitment to excellent customer service. As shown back on slide seven and based on our better-than-expected performance on the quality of service and customer satisfaction, we now expect to achieve $115 million in total incentive revenue in calendar year 2017, above our prior range of $90 million to $110 million for 2017. As a reminder, these incentive revenues, while earned during the 2015 to 2016 regulatory year, will be received in the 2017/2018 regulatory year. These amounts are internal estimates until final determination is received from Ofgem in November 2016. We expect these favorable results to continue into the next regulatory year. Even with targets that get progressively tougher, we are increasing our guidance range from $75 million to $105 million in incentive revenues in calendar year 2018, to $85 million to $115 million. Overall, the first year of RIIO-ED1 is broadly in line with our published business plan as accepted by Ofgem. We are focused on delivering excellent customer service, achieving the outputs and incentives while delivering safe, reliable and sustainable network service. We've been also recognized by Ofgem for our innovative work on providing quicker and alternative network connections for solar, and we continue to hold stakeholder workshops reviewing our results from the first year of RIIO-ED1, while planning for the future by discussing long-term strategic priorities, such as reporting smart networks and affordability. Vince will now walk you through a more detailed look at segment earnings. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Robert. And good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 10. Our first quarter regulated utility earnings from ongoing operations decreased from last year, driven primarily by expected lower U.K. Regulated segment earnings as a result of the April 1, 2015 price decrease, as we began our first year under the RIIO-ED1 framework and the effects of foreign currency, offset by an improvement in the Pennsylvania Regulated segment. While the Kentucky Regulated segment and Corporate and Other remained flat compared to a year ago. Let's briefly discuss domestic weather for the first quarter compared to last year and compared to plan. Mild temperatures during the first quarter of 2016 had an unfavorable impact for our domestic segment, a total of $0.04 compared to the prior year, with $0.02 in Pennsylvania and $0.02 in Kentucky. Compared to our plan, weather had a negative $0.02 impact, with a $0.01 impact in each of the domestic segments. Heating degree days were about 11% lower than normal in the first quarter 2016 for both Kentucky and Pennsylvania. While weather in the U.K. was also unfavorable to plan and the prior year, with Q1 being the mildest winter in recorded history for the U.K., it was not a primary driver of our results for the U.K. segment. And as Bill mentioned in his remarks, despite this unfavorable weather for Q1, we remain confident that we will continue to meet our 2016 earnings guidance of $2.25 to $2.45 per share. Let's move to a more detailed review of the first quarter segment earnings drivers, starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 11. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.14 per share in the first quarter of 2016, a $0.01 increase compared to the same period last year. This increase was due to higher distribution margins as a result of the 2015 rate case that became effective January 1, 2016, and higher transmission margins due to additional capital investments, partially offset by lower volumes due to unfavorable weather. Higher margins were partially offset by higher O&M, primarily due to higher support costs and maintenance related work, mostly attributable to timing. Moving to slide 12. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.16 per share in the first quarter of 2016, flat compared to a year ago. This result was due to lower O&M, primarily due to the closure of the Cane Run and Green River coal stations in 2015, offset by higher financing costs due to higher debt balances to fund CapEx. Higher gross margins from higher base rates that went into effect July 1 of last year were offset by lower sales volumes, primarily due to the less favorable weather. Turning to slide 13. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.39 per share in the first quarter 2016, an $0.11 decrease compared to last year, primarily driven by lower prices in RIIO-ED1 and the effects of foreign currency. In our plan, we had expected about a $0.10 decrease year-over-year for Q1, so the actual results are consistent with our expectations. I'll provide additional details on the shape of our 2016 U.K. earnings forecast after I walk through the quarter compared to last quarter's results. The quarter-on-quarter decrease was due to lower gross margins resulting from lower prices as we transitioned to RIIO-ED1 on April 1, 2015 of about $0.08 per share, and unfavorable effects of foreign currency of about $0.03 per share, which included some 2016 restrikes executed during the quarter to hedge 2018 earnings. The other variances for the U.K. were not significant and offset each other. So taking a closer look at our full year U.K. segment forecast. As noted on our year-end earnings call and the 2016 ongoing earnings update that Bill just provided, we are projecting a $0.01 decrease in U.K. segment earnings year-over-year. However, there is significant variability between the quarters with lower earnings in Q1 and Q2 and higher earnings in Q3 and Q4. We expect lower margins in the first half of the year as a result of the RIIO-ED1 revenue reset. That revenue reset occurred at the beginning of the regulatory year on April 1, 2015. And since we report WPD on a one-month lag, we will still see some effect of that revenue reset continue into the second quarter, an additional $0.02 per share above the $0.08 for Q1. This decrease is expected to be primarily offset by the price increase beginning April 1, 2016 and allowed revenues under the RIIO-ED1 framework, and from the recovery of prior customer rebates beginning April 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017, which will positively impact 2016 earnings by about $0.05. We also expect this revenue recovery to positively affect 2017 earnings by another $0.02 to $0.03. In addition, we are projecting lower O&M expenses in the back half of the year, primarily related to higher vegetation management in Q4 of last year and lower expected pension expense in 2016. All of these factors contribute to the shaping of our earnings for the U.K. this year compared to last year. Moving to slide 14. On this slide, we provide an update to our GBP hedging status for 2016, 2017 and 2018, including sensitivities for a $0.05, $0.10 and $0.15 downward movement in the exchange rate compared to our budgeted rate of $1.60 on open positions. First, we are 93% hedged for the remainder of 2016 at an average rate of $1.54. For 2017, we're still hedged at 89% at an average rate of $1.58. And for 2018, we've continued to layer on hedges during the quarter and have increased our hedge percentage from 20% at year-end to 41% today, at an average rate of $1.56. You can see from the sensitivity table that there's minimal exposure in 2016 and 2017, and about $0.03 of exposure in 2018 for every $0.05 below our budgeted rate of $1.60. As I mentioned during our year-end call, our business plan provided enough capacity to hedge about 50% of our 2018 U.K. earnings exposure through restrikes. However, at this point, we will refrain from adding additional 2018 hedges until after the U.K. referendum vote on June 23. Moving to slide 15. On this slide, we are providing an update on RPI. Now that 2015/2016 regulatory year has concluded, the final RPI rate was 1.1% and was based on the Office of National Statistics' average RPI index from April 2015 through March 2016. If you recall, in the third quarter of 2015, we had incorporated a 1.3% RPI rate in our 2015/2016 planning assumptions, compared to the 2.6% included in our tariffs. That true-up will flow through allowed revenues in 2017 and 2018, and has already been incorporated in our earnings growth projections. The additional downside from our budgeted 1.3% rate will not have a material impact on earnings in either 2017 or 2018. Our planning assumptions for 2016/2017, 2017/2018 and 2018/2019 have not changed since our year-end update. And as you can see, the current forecast from the HM Treasury for all periods are in line with our current assumption. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thank you, Vince. And thanks for everyone's participation on today's call. I'd like to first summarize by saying that we remain confident in where we're headed. We're solidly on track to deliver on our earnings forecast for 2016, and we expect to deliver compound annual EPS growth of 5% to 6% through 2018. We're pleased the WPD team has had such a successful first year under RIIO-ED1, and have outperformed incentive expectations. As Robert mentioned earlier, we are raising our expectation for incentive revenues from $90 million to $110 million, to $115 million for 2017, and from $75 million to $105 million, to $85 million to $115 million for 2018. This level of performance is consistent with WPD's long history of operational excellence. Across all of our businesses, we continue to invest in tomorrow's energy infrastructure, the strength and the diversity of our generation fleet, and to drive continuous improvements aimed at exceeding customer expectations and delivering power safely, reliably and affordably. And as I stated in my recent message to shareowners in the annual report, I am convinced that our best days are ahead, and I'm very excited about our future. With that, operator, let's open the call to questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question will come from Paul Zimbardo of UBS. Please go ahead.
Paul A. Zimbardo - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul A. Zimbardo - UBS Securities LLC: First, I just wanted to confirm that the U.K. environmental spending you discussed on the prepared remarks is included in the CapEx plan?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: In the CapEx plan that we have for U.K., there's very little that I would classify as environmental spending. You may be referring, perhaps, to the...
Paul A. Zimbardo - UBS Securities LLC: Sorry, that's KU. Kentucky.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. So, within Kentucky Utilities, yes. The environmental spending for the plans, as articulated, really deal with the match rule (22:25) and a lot of the combustion ash disposal costs that we need to incur. It does not include any Clean Power Plan CapEx spending, which would be incremental, should that come back into play. But with the stay at the Supreme Court level of the CPP, we're not anticipating to update the capital at this time.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: But the billion that we filed is in the plan.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Paul A. Zimbardo - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then, turning to Compass, could you give a brief update on kind of the initial segment? And then, with respect to future segments, should we expect the in-service on those is ahead of this one with 2023, or longer dated?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'll ask Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities Group in Pennsylvania to address that.
Gregory N. Dudkin - President & Director, PPL Electric Utilities Corp.: Yeah. So where we are in Compass, we put together an interconnection request for the New York ISO on the 95-mile segment, I guess we call it mini Compass. So what we're waiting for is for the ISO to come back with an approval that all the specifications and reliability impact is positive and then we proceed with what's called an Article 7 (23:46) which is a siding application, basically. So that's where we are there. We're still, for that portion, at 2021 to 2023 timeframe. We're continuing to look at the other components of Compass. And at this point, it wouldn't be before 2021 or 2023, it would be during that time or maybe a little after.
Paul A. Zimbardo - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question will come from Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies. Please go ahead. Mr. Crowdell?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Anthony.
Operator: Your line is open, Mr. Crowdell. It may be muted. Mr. Crowdell, your line is open.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, operator. We'll move on if there are any other questions in the queue.
Operator: Okay, thank you. At this time, I am not showing any further questions in the queue.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We do have – as far as you can tell, operator, the lines are all open and available for questions, correct?
Operator: Yes. That is correct.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I just wanted to verify.
Operator: Okay.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, since there are no further questions, we'll assume that everything was crystal clear, and that we look forward to the second quarter earnings call. So thanks for joining us today on the call. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - Vice President-Investor Relations and Treasurer William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co. Gregory N. Dudkin - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, PPL Electric Utilities Corp.
Analysts: Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
Joseph P. Bergstein - Vice President-Investor Relations and Treasurer: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and year-end 2015 results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation that our future operation results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filing. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings are non-GAAP measure on this call. For a reconciliation to the GAAP measure you should refer to the press release, which has been posted on our website and has been filed with the SEC. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PLL's Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone. We're very pleased that you could join us. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer as well as the Presidents of our U.S. and UK utility businesses. Moving to slide three, our agenda this morning starts with an overview of our 2015 earnings results an operational overview, and a discussion of our 2016 earnings forecast, and our priorities for this year. After my remarks, Vince will review our segment financials and provide a more detailed financial overview. Before I go any further, however, let me simply say that 2015 was a remarkable year for PPL. We successfully spun off our competitive generation business. In doing so, we better positioned PPL for future growth and capped our strategic transformation into a purely regulated utility business. We delivered more than $3 billion in infrastructure improvements, investments that are driving earnings growth and improving service to our 10 million customers. We secured favorable outcomes in our Kentucky and Pennsylvania rate cases, successfully transitioning to RIIO-ED1 in the UK; we increased our dividend for the 13th time in 14 years; and we've delivered strong earnings results. Moreover, our stock outperformed our peers, the UTY and the S&P 500 Utilities Index. PPL's total shareowner return of 6.2% on the year was higher than any other utility in the UTY. All were significant accomplishments during a time of significant change for our company and our industry. Today, we're announcing a plan to achieve compound annual earnings growth of 5% to 6% through 2018 off of our 2014 adjusted EPS of $2.03 per share. The continued excellent performance of our utilities gives us confidence in our ability to deliver competitive earnings growth and a strong dividend. Turning to slide four. Today, we announced 2015 reported earnings of $1.01 per share compared with $2.61 per share in 2014. Our 2015 results reflect the loss from discontinued operations of $921 million or $1.36 per share resulting primarily from the June 1 spin-off of our competitive supply business. Adjusting for special items, our 2015 earnings from ongoing operations were $2.21 per share. That's an increase of 9% from 2014 adjusted results of $2.03 per share. For the fourth quarter of 2015, reported earnings were $0.59 per share compared with $1.04 per share a year ago. Earnings per share from ongoing operations were $0.43 in the fourth quarter compared with $0.49 a year ago. The 9% or $140 million year-over-year improvement in earnings from ongoing operations was driven primarily by the benefits of our corporate restructuring, lower income taxes, and depreciation expense in the UK, higher returns on capital investments, and a mid-year Kentucky rate increases. Vince will provide more details on segment results in his remarks. Let's move on to slide five for an update on our utility operations. On November 19, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved a rate increase for PPL Electric Utilities. The action followed a settlement agreement that we reached with parties to our rate case. The increase, which took effect January 1 will provide an additional $124 million in revenue and help fund additional liability improvements as we continue to strengthen and modernize our Pennsylvania delivery network. This settlement was a black box settlement and does not specify an allowed return on equity. Turning to Kentucky; Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities filed environmental compliance and cost recovery plans with the Kentucky Public Service Commission on January 29. The application seek approval an environmental cost recovery rate treatment for $1 billion in upcoming environmental improvement projects. These projects will ensure compliance with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's new coal combustion residuals rule that became effective last year. The projects will involve capping and closing remaining ash ponds at our coal-fired power plants, building process-water facilities and completing the second phase of the dry storage landfill project at our E.W. Brown Generating Station. We expect to begin these investments in these environmental improvements in 2016, and they will continue through 2023. Looking to the UK, WPD wrapped up the DPCR5 price control period March 31, 2015. WPD was the top performer over the period and earned $478 million by outperforming its incentive targets. We were consistently the best performer for customer service in all categories: customer satisfaction, customer complaints, and stakeholder engagement. During the price control period, WPD went through a major transformation applying two lower performing Midlands network operations in 2011, and very quickly improved their performance, which helped drive the significant incentive revenues earned under DPCR5. Turning to the new RIIO-ED1 price control period, WPD continues to outperform its 2015 to 2016 performance targets and is on pace to be near the maximum incentive reward for customer minutes lost and customer interruptions. In addition, we're on pace to be near or at the maximum reward levels for customer satisfaction. During our last call, we raised our guidance estimates for the incentive revenues we expect to earn for the calendar years 2017 and 2018. Based on our continued strong performance to-date, we expect incentive revenues for 2016 to be at the high-end of our $120 million to $130 million range. As you may recall, incentives for the 2015-2016 regulatory year will be received in revenues beginning in the 2017-2018 regulatory year, as there is a two-year lag. Details on WPD's performance and incentives are included in today's Appendix. Turning to slide six, our 2016 earnings forecast is $2.25 to $2.45 per share. The midpoint of this range, $2.35 per share, represents growth of 6.3% compared to our 2015 earnings from ongoing operations of $2.21 per share. As I highlighted in my opening remarks, the continued excellent performance of our utility operations and the organic growth from planned and approved infrastructure investments give us great confidence in our ability to achieve compound annual growth in earnings of 5% to 6% through 2018, again, off of our 2014 adjusted EPS of $2.03 per share. We expect EPS growth of 11% to 13% through 2018 from our U.S. operations with 1% to 3% growth expected in the UK. Vince will cover this in more detail during his remarks. Turning to slide seven, I'm also pleased to announce our board approved an increase in our common stock dividend, raising it from $1.51 to $1.52 per share on an annualized basis. This marks PPL's 14th dividend increase in 15 years. This is consistent with our prior guidance of a modest dividend increase in 2016 as we work our way into the mid-60% payout range. We expect to grow the dividend more meaningfully, beginning in 2017, at which time we will target in the 4% range. Now, let's move to slide eight and highlight some of PPL's objectives in 2016. A primary objective of ours is executing on our planned capital investment program of $3.5 billion. This includes expenditures to strengthen transmission and distribution networks and to make continued environmental improvements in Kentucky. In Pennsylvania, we're focused on advancing Project Compass, which is designed to provide significant benefits for electricity consumers in the Northeast. In October, we filed an interconnection request with the New York ISO to build the first segment of Project Compass, a 95-mile transmission line between Blakely, PA and Ramapo, New York. We expect to start the next step in the approvals in the first quarter of 2016, New York's Article VII application process, which is a full siting and needs application. We're also focused on completing our Northeast Pocono Transmission Line, a $350 million improvement project that includes 70 miles of new transmission lines, three new substations, as well as additional improvements. We expect to conclude that project this May, which is about a year ahead of our original schedule. In Kentucky, our major focus will be approval of compliance plans and cost recovery for the environmental construction projects that I highlighted earlier. Another key objective is to work with the State of Kentucky to address the Clean Power Plan in the best interests of our customers and our shareowners. In the UK, our team is focused on continued regulatory performance and adding to our long history of operational excellence. We'll also look to continue to hedge our 2018 British pound currency exposure beyond the 20% that we've been able to hedge to-date at or near our budgeted rate of $1.60 per pound. We built some capacity in our business plan to further hedge 2018 and at the current spot rate for the GBP – the pound of about $1.46, we feel confident that we will be able to achieve our stated earnings growth rate through 2018. Turning to slide nine, we expect infrastructure investment to continue to drive rate base and EPS growth in the coming years. We plan to invest nearly $10 million from 2016 through 2018 to modernize and strengthen our transmission and distribution systems and to address environmental regulations in Kentucky. Constructive rate mechanisms in the premier jurisdictions where we operate allow near real-time recovery of much of that investment. More than 80% of our regulated capital expenditures are subject to minimal or no regulatory lag. Based on planned infrastructure spending, we expect our rate base to grow by $4.3 billion from 2015 to 2018. We expect compound annual EPS growth through 2018 of 5% to 6% above adjusted 2014 earnings from ongoing operations of $2.03 per share. As you know, prior to the year-end 2015, passage of the PATH Act by Congress extended 50% bonus depreciation from 2015 through 2017 with a phase-out reduction in bonus to 40% in 2018 and 30% in 2019 with 0% thereafter. The impact of the bonus depreciation extensions are factored into our earnings projections. Vince will speak more about this in just a bit. We're confident we will be able to achieve this growth rate given our low-risk business plan, the premium jurisdictions in which we operate, and our demonstrated ability to manage our foreign currency exposure in the UK. I look forward to your questions after we hear some additional earnings details from Vince Sorgi. Vince.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide eleven for a review of segment earnings. Full-year 2015 earnings from ongoing operations increased over the prior year from 2014 adjusted earnings of $2.03 per share to $2.21 per share, slightly ahead of the midpoint of our earnings guidance range. The main drivers of growth were higher earnings in the UK Regulated and Kentucky Regulated segments as well as lower costs in Corporate And Other partially offset by lower earnings from the Pennsylvania Regulated segment. The favorable $0.10 in Corporate And Other is primarily driven by the corporate restructuring efforts. Before I get into the segment details, let's briefly discuss the fourth quarter results as well as domestic weather for the year compared to the prior year and compared to our 2015 budget. Our fourth quarter earnings from ongoing operations decreased over last year by $0.06 per share, driven primarily by lower earnings from the U.K. Regulated segment as a result of transitioning to the RIIO-ED1 regulatory period. Pennsylvania Regulated and Kentucky Regulated segments were both slightly negative this year versus last, reflecting the impact of unfavorable weather. And Corporate And Other was better this year resulting from the corporate restructuring. Overall, domestic weather was flat compared to the prior year and had a positive impact compared to budget by about $0.02. Favorable weather for the first nine months of the year was partially offset by the warmer weather experienced primarily in December. Let's move to a more detailed review of the 2015 segment earnings drivers starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 12. Our 4Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.37 per share in 2015, a $0.03 decrease compared to 2014. This decrease was due to higher O&M expenses as a result of higher service company allocations due to the spin-off of the supply business, and also our strong performance throughout the year provided us the opportunity to take advantage of additional spending opportunities focused primarily on improving grid reliability, which should benefit future periods. Depreciation was higher due to asset additions and we had higher financing costs related to prior year debt issuances. Partially offsetting these negative factors were higher margins from additional transmission investments and returns on distribution improvement capital investments, and lower taxes primarily due to the settlement of a 2011 gross receipts tax audit resulting in a $0.02 benefit this year. Moving to slide 13. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.51 per share in 2015, a $0.04 increase from 2014. This increase was due to higher gross margins, which is the net effect of electric and gas base rate increases effective July 1, 2015, and returns on additional environmental capital investments, partially offset by lower volumes due to warmer weather in November and December of this year compared to the prior year and lower industrial sales. And while the first quarter was colder than average, it was not as cold as the polar vortex-driven weather in 2014. These net positive results were partially offset by higher O&M expenses, including costs associated with the retirement of the Cane Run coal-fired facility of $0.02, and higher financing costs related to the September 2015 debt issuances. Moving to slide 14. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $1.44 per share in 2015, a $0.07 improvement compared to 2014. This increase was due to lower U.S. income taxes, primarily from lower taxes on dividends in 2015 compared to 2014 and lower UK income taxes resulting from a lower effective tax rate in the UK due to a reduction in the statutory tax rate. Lower depreciation expense from the asset life extension we discussed earlier this year, also contributed to the improvement, which was partially offset by increased depreciation from asset additions. These increases were partially offset by lower gross margin as we transitioned to RIIO-ED1 on April 1 of this year, partially offset by the April 1, 2014 price increases and higher O&M expenses. Before we move to the next slide, I wanted to mention that, similar to last year, we will provide you unaudited consolidated financial information for PPL Global LLC for 2015. We expect to furnish those statements separately in an 8-K to be filed at the time we file our 10-K in a couple of weeks. Turning to slide 15. We have prepared a walk from our 2015 ongoing earnings of $2.21 per share to the $2.35 per share midpoint of our 2016 earnings forecast. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment is forecast to contribute $0.10 to the improvement in 2016 earnings. This increase is primarily driven by the distribution base rate increase, which became effective, January 1, 2016, and higher transmission margins and lower O&M. These positive drivers are expected to be partially offset by higher depreciation, higher financing cost to fund the capital growth in Pennsylvania, and the tax benefit received in 2015 from the release of a gross receipts tax reserve. Our Kentucky Regulated segment also projects higher earnings of $0.06 per share. This increase is primarily driven by realizing a full-year of electric and gas base rate increases that became effective July 1, 2015, and higher returns on additional environmental capital investments, and higher retail load and other margins. Higher margins are expected to be partially offset by higher depreciation on the increased plant and service, and higher interest expense to fund the capital growth in Kentucky. In the UK, we project slightly lower segment earnings due to higher financing costs, primarily from a full year of interest expense on the December 2015 debt issuances, higher depreciation expense from asset additions, higher taxes and other, and unfavorable effects of foreign currency, as we execute some 2016 restrikes to hedge 2018 earnings near our budgeted rate of $1.60. These negative drivers are partially offset by lower O&M, including pension expense and higher gross margins from price increases. Corporate And Other is expected to be relatively flat year-over-year with slightly higher interest expense in 2016 driving the $0.01 decrease. In addition, for the U.K. Regulated segment, you will see in the appendix, on slide 27, that we have provided one additional year of earnings projections. Our UK earnings guidance range for 2017 is $1.40 per share to $1.50 per share with a midpoint of $1.45 per share. Turning to slide 16, as Bill mentioned earlier in the call, we are confident in our ability to achieve our 5% to 6% earnings growth targets through 2018, off of our 2014 adjusted ongoing earnings of $2.03 per share. We now expect 9% to 11% growth in our domestic utility earnings and approximately 2% growth coming from our corporate restructuring efforts, and we increased our expectation slightly in our UK business over this time period to 1% to 3% growth, up from 1% to 2% growth. The 1% to 3% represents growth off of 2014 earnings of $1.37 per share, which incorporates the lower depreciation expense from the asset life extension and our updates on incentive revenues as well as lower net pension expense, in part due to updating our pension discount rate methodology to utilize the spot rate method recently approved by the SEC to measure both service cost and interest cost. This change in pension discount rate methodology was only applied to the UK pension plan, as the method we use in the U.S. to set our discount rate did not qualify for the spot rate method approved by the SEC. Several key drivers to our organic growth in the domestic utilities include strong transmission rate base growth of 14% through 2018 in Pennsylvania, favorable rate case outcomes contribute to our growth in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky. The successful execution of our CapEx plans is critical for all three of our business segments. We continue to assume minimal load growth over the period in both Kentucky and Pennsylvania. Also, included in our 5% to 6% earnings growth forecast is the full five-year extension of bonus depreciation. As a reminder, when we updated our 2017 earnings growth target to 6% last quarter, we had assumed a two-year extension of bonus depreciation, incorporating the full five years of bonus depreciation did not have a significant incremental effect on our 2018 earnings. While extending bonus depreciation is a net negative to earnings, it is positive from a credit perspective, especially in the back end of the plan period. Over the next five years, we expect bonus depreciation to reduce our Federal cash tax position by about $270 million. And we do not expect to be a significant cash tax payer through at least the next five years. The increase in available cash combined with our stronger earnings growth has enabled us to reduce our equity needs from $200 million per year to $100 million per year and maintain our targeted credit metrics. For the U.K. Regulated segment, of course, executing on the Ofgem accepted RIIO-ED1 business plan has been built into the growth assumptions and provides eight years of base revenue certainty with continued opportunity to outperform targets. We have also assumed a budgeted currency rate of $1.56 per £1 for 2016, $1.58 per £1 for 2017, and $1.60 per £1 for 2018, which includes existing hedge positions. The inflation rate used for the 2015-2016 regulatory year tariffs was 2.6%, which will be trued up for actual inflation in the 2017-2018 regulatory year. We are now assuming the actual inflation rate for 2015-2016 will be 1.3%, and the adjustment to true up the 2.6% down to the 1.3% has been included in our 2017 and 2018 earnings forecast and affects 2017 revenue by approximately $0.03 per share. We have provided additional details on the true-up mechanisms to base revenue on slide 30 in the appendix. Our RPI assumptions for 2016-2017 are now 2.3% and 3.1% for 2017-2018 consistent with the HM Treasury forecast. We have increased our incentive revenue estimate for 2016 to the high end of our previous $120 million to $130 million. We are assuming the same incentive revenues as last quarter for 2017 and 2018, and finally, we are assuming an effective tax rate in the UK of about 17%. For Corporate And Other, we have built into the growth rate achieving the full $75 million in corporate support cost savings and an additional $0.02 per share improvement by 2017. On slide 17, we're providing an update to our view of domestic cash flows for 2015 and 2016. As you can see in the table, we expect to have sufficient domestic cash flows to fund our maintenance capital and the common stock dividend with almost $300 million left over in 2016 to fund dividend growth and growth CapEx. We have no domestic debt maturities in 2016, so the debt and equity issuances in the U.S. will fund the rest of our growth CapEx. Moving to slide 18, our planned capital expenditures for 2016 through 2020 are detailed on this slide with regulated utility investment totaling about $16 billion over the period and about $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion per year. This includes previously announced initiatives such as UK spending for our accepted RIIO-ED1 business plan, executing on our environmental compliance plans in Kentucky to meet EPA regulations, updating and modernizing aging infrastructure in Pennsylvania including programs that identify areas to strategically improve system performance and reliability, and this capital plan still excludes any impacts of the Clean Power Plan. Moving to slide 19, our revised capital plan reflects generally the same spending levels in the UK as last year's plan except for some slight increased spending on faults and overhead repairs in 2016. We reduced investment of approximately $650 million in Kentucky, as we deferred a projected Natural Gas Compliance Cycle Plant. However, new gas-fired generation may ultimately be part of our Clean Power Plan compliance strategy, which as noted on slide 18, is not included in our projections. This was partially offset by additional reliability based programs in the transmission and distribution businesses in Kentucky, while environment spending has remained fairly consistent with the prior plan. In Pennsylvania, we are experiencing higher than expected increases in reliability based on all the capital investment we've made to date. As a result, we now believe we can achieve our targeted reliability with about $270 million less of distribution capital compared to last year's plan. Anticipated transmission spend remained relatively consistent with the prior plan. These investments are expected to result in additional improvements in reliability over the next five years. And consistent with last year's plan, our capital plan is based on identified projects across the portfolio and does not include unidentified growth projects. Turning to slide 20, our rate base is now expected to grow at a 5.3% CAGR over the next five years, which incorporates the five-year extension of bonus depreciation and the deferral of the second combined cycle gas plant in Kentucky. And finally, moving to slide 21. On this slide, we provide an update to our GBP hedging status for 2016, 2017 and 2018 including sensitivities for a $0.05, $0.10 and $0.15 downward movement in the exchange rate compared to our budgeted rate of $1.60 on our open positions. We are 95% hedged for 2016 at an average rate of $1.56. For 2017, we have continued to layer on hedges during the quarter and have increased our hedge percentage from 66% at the end of the third quarter to 89% today at an average rate of $1.58. You can see from the sensitivity table that there is no exposure for 2016 and minimal exposure for 2017. We've also started to hedge our 2018 earnings and are now 20% hedged at an average rate of $1.60. It's important to note as well that included in our earnings guidance ranges, there's enough dry powder to hedge about 50% of our 2018 UK earnings. After we get about 50% hedged for 2018, our risk program would not require us to layer on additional hedges until about mid-2017. Switching to RPI. Also on this slide we show our RPI sensitivity, which has been updated as well. As I discussed earlier, we are now incorporating a 1.3% RPI rate in our current 2015-2016 planning assumptions compared to the 2.6% included in our tariffs. Therefore, the 2017 RPI sensitivity for a 0.5% downward movement in the 2015-2016 RPI is now off the current budget of 1.3%. In November of 2015, we set our 2016-2017 and 2017-2018 tariffs based on the forecasted RPI at that time consistent with Ofgem's guidance. Now, that we've completed the tariff setting process for the next two regulatory years, in November of 2016 only one additional year of tariffs, for 2018-2019 will be set based on the RPI forecast at that time. Overall, we're confident in our ability to manage our FX exposure and we've incorporated the low RPI environment into our earnings growth projections. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll turn the call over to Bill for the Q&A period. Bill?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thank you, Vince. And operator, let's open the call for questions please.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And our first question will come from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Bill, can you just maybe share some thoughts, you guys laid out a lot of the CapEx details, but, obviously, the Clean Power Plans, one of these yet to be determined, but potentially a big deal particularly for Kentucky. Given the fact the states now position, Pennsylvania is kind of just in a passive functionality, how do you guys see your two states playing through as far as coming up with plans? And when do you think you're going to get a better handle on, how you guys are going to try and work to comply?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Let me give some general comments and then I'll ask Vic Staffieri to talk specifically about Kentucky. But I think in both states cases, while they may be opposed and legally challenging the Clean Power Plan, I think, pragmatically speaking, they both recognize that probably beginning to work on a state implementation plan would be a prudent thing to do compared to just waiting, perhaps, a Federal implementation plan to be visit upon them. So, I think, generally speaking, both states, I believe, will constructively work with their utilities to come up with an alternative should their efforts to overturn the roll fail. So with that little bit of background, Vic, do you want to talk specifically about Kentucky?
Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co.: Yes. Just recently our Governor has announced that notwithstanding the fact that Kentucky will continue to litigate as well as our company, we will, in fact, be filing for an extension of time in September this year to push out the compliance – our compliance plans for at least an additional two years. I think, in the interim, we will continue to work with them to develop a plan that will be in the best interest of Kentucky consumers. We will work with the Kentucky Public Service Commission, of course, to get a plan that's acceptable and then, from our perspective, I would anticipate us perhaps contemplating another combined cycle plan later in the planning spec, like outside this planning period probably by 2022. But I do think, Kentucky realizes that it would like to maintain the flexibility both to develop its own plan and not being subject necessarily to New York, because this was a Federal implementation plan. And second, be in a position to alter its plan to the extent litigation should be successful in part or in total. So that's where we are. And I think it will be a constructive exercise for all of us. And I think the state recognizes the need to maintain its flexibility.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you. And so, I guess, should we just take from that we're probably not going to see a lot of incremental layering in of CapEx in Kentucky until there is more action on this front and those kind of the (33:50).
Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co.: I think that's spot on. Our initial projection would suggest we don't have to do anything until 2022. So you wouldn't see any capital expenditures as a run up to the – to a new power plant until – after the 2018 or 2019 that you're looking at now.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you for clarifying that. And then, I guess, on the FX calculation. I think you guys said that you could hit the 2018 number even if you were clear at $1.46 on the pound right now. If I look at your sensitivity, it looks like there's about a $0.10 exposure if you were to mark to today. Is there that much room in that pretty narrow 1% growth rate band to cover $0.10 of downside, or do you guys have a lower FX number kind of embedded in that $2.52 than what's on the table on slide 21?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Dan, we are very confident that we can still hit the 5% to 6% even under today's pretty weak pound. So, yeah, I think we do have levers to pull, O&M and some other things that we've looked at. So, I think, yes, we are still very confident that even with this weak pound that we can maintain that 5% to 6%.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Dan, it's Vince. I think if we have to hedge up everything at $1.46, we would be at the lower end of the 5% to 6% range, but we still think we'll be in that range.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then just on the hedging, so you needed to get up to about 50%, so 30% more kind of in the first half of 2016, and then you have a year until you have to do the rest of that, what that risk parameter would allow for?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I mean, I would say throughout 2016, we'll execute on the rest of the re-strikes that we've embedded in the plan.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, got it.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Generally.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, generally speaking, that's correct.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Good morning, Vince and Bill.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Just a quick clarification. The slightly lower growth in the U.S.; that's a function of the bonus depreciation extension or the pushing out of the CPG-2?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Primarily bonus.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Okay, got it. And then, just lastly, just focusing on Compass, obviously a little bit of an undertaking here and you've announced the first segment. Were you at all or if you go into JV parts of this line, especially the New York portion, are you looking for partners? And then, how should we sort of think about the other segments being announced and whether the CODs of the other segments could be earlier than 2023?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Let me ask Greg Dudkin, President of our PPL Electric Utilities to take that question.
Gregory N. Dudkin - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, PPL Electric Utilities Corp.: Yeah. So with regard to potential JVs, we're prepared to go this alone. But if there is a JV that makes sense, we'll certainly look at that. As far as the other segments of the line are concerned, right now, we are focused on this segment and we'll continue to evaluate the other segments to make sure that we have the right cost, the right plans, the right modeling; and then as we get to a point where we believe that we have an exceptional project, we'll then release that similar to the way we did on the first segment.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Got it. That's helpful. And then just to confirm, this is completely additive to your growth trajectory.
Gregory N. Dudkin - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, PPL Electric Utilities Corp.: That is correct.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners: Excellent. Thanks so much.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So perhaps just following a little bit up on the last questions here. As you've been thinking about spending opportunities, obviously you're shifting things down a little bit. But in light of the bonus depreciation, is there any ability to accelerate some of the other spend that you would have otherwise had out in the future, just to kind of take advantage of those tax benefits and perhaps argue to some of the constituency of the business there is a real tangible benefit to doing so?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It certainly is possible. and just having seen this change here at the end of the last year, we'll look to that opportunity for additional spending once we begin the planning process again for this year taking us out through 2019. But, for now, we believe, we've got a really solid plan with all completely identifiable projects through 2018 that we are highly confident we can execute on, and we'll continue to look to see if there is additional projects we can bring into that window or the window just beyond 2018.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then just to get a little bit more clarity on the change in the projected T&D expenses, you called it reliability spend, in Pennsylvania; how much of that reduction is tied to the negative sales normalized trend that we saw last year. Is it really just about a narrow view of the liability and how effective it is? Or how much does it tie into the sales forecast itself?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Relative to sales forecast, typically, and I think what you're probably referring to is new customer load predominantly. So that's pretty small – very small in the context of the large capital plan that we have. So it would not be a major factor in moving the CapEx around one way or the other.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. All right. Thank you guys.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey, gents. Good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Sorry, I don't want to be a nitpicker, but I wanted to follow-up on a couple of questions that were already asked. So if I look at your slide 21 and I just take the sensitivities that – sorry, slide 27, I was looking at your last deck, and just take the sensitivities to heart today, especially in 2018 on the pound, it would basically imply an $0.11 negative delta which would put – still put you at a little over a 4% earnings growth rate from 2003 to 2018, which given the hits other companies have taken from bonus depreciation, which still put you guys in the winning column. So how are we getting from the low 4%s to 5% under that scenario, because you guys seem pretty confident, you have the levers?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So part of it, as I mentioned, were the operating and maintenance expense timing, so we could move things around. I think also, as we've seen in the past, when we have years where we've got strong earnings either driven by weather or other events, we've taken that ability to go ahead and do re-strikes on the hedges or set in new hedges. So I think we have built into the plan. I know we have built into the plan some re-strikes, some funds, if you will, for basically moving hedges around in time periods to meet our plan. So I think the combination of those two would probably be the two levers that would most likely get pulled to keep us at that minimum 5% EPS growth rate that we're confident we can hit.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you. And then my second question is, also if I just take to heart the 5% to 6% earnings growth range of $2.03, you've rolled out a 2018 earnings aspiration of $2.52. But you sort of left a gap in the 2017 timeframe. In the last presentation you gave – at my conference in early January, there was a sort of notional target of $2.42; I know that wasn't guidance.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: But it looks like if you just look at the midpoint of 5% to 6%, that number would be more like $2.38 now. Am I over-thinking it? Or is there just a modest drag from bonus depreciation in 2017 that we need to think about?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. I would say that 2017 guidance hasn't really changed from what we have talked about prior.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks. I just wanted to make sure. Have a great day.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You too. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, Bill. Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just wanted to follow-up quickly on the dry powder headroom that you referred to in talking about the FX exposure. Is that all within the UK segment? Or are you talking about more broadly across the business? Could you clarify there?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: This is Vince. So some of that – so we have about $0.05 or $0.06 kind of built into the plan to do re-strikes, and further hedge up 2018. Some of that's embedded in the UK guidance, I think some of it's probably sitting up at Corporate And Other as well, but in total it's about $0.05 or $0.06.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And that's the – and beyond that you'd be talking about cost management holistically across the company.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That's correct.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Chin of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: On the hedge re-strike comment, I just want to make sure I understand conceptually, so that would be, for example, like monetizing hedges that are in the money today and using that to put on hedges in place in 2018 to some degree? Is that conceptually what you're thinking about?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Exactly right, Brian.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then, just going back to the Kentucky nat gas plant deferral, just to be clear, was it the state's position on CPP that was the driving factor behind the plant deferral, or was there some other factors that helped drove that? And the reason why I'm asking it is, I'm wondering is there a risk of any other large asset deferrals in Kentucky or elsewhere?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Let me ask Vic Staffieri to comment on that.
Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co.: No, Brian, it was purely a matter – we had some large municipals that are coming off the system later in the period, five years from now; and so that's why we made the change. We went through that application last year; had nothing to do with this Clean Power Plan. We do not have any other generation in this plant either. So, no, it had nothing to do with Clean Power Plan and there are no other anticipated deferrals of the capital spending.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So let me make sure I get that right. So you have large municipalities, you said, that were coming off the system, as in they are self-powered on their own and so the plant isn't needed, is that right?
Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co.: That's correct. They gave us notice – they have five-year termination period. They gave us notice of termination of about 300 megawatts, they gave it to us last year. We've noted it before. And as a result, we had into the Commission looking for approval to build the plant; we withdrew that approval and the municipal notified us that they were coming off of our system and were contemplating going elsewhere. And to the extent we have lost that revenue, we'll make it up in the rate case timing that we have.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that's April of 2019?
Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co.: Yes. That's April of 2019. So – but that's the only reason for the deferral of the power plant.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understood. And then, lastly, what's the sales growth assumptions that are embedded in the 2016 guidance? Can you break that down?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Give us...
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: In the 2016 guidance?
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: For Kentucky it's – we're using an average over the period of less than – about 0.5% over the period. I think for Pennsylvania...
Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co.: They're just flat. Yeah. Pennsylvania is flat year-over-year basically.
Brian J. Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Actually, I see that here at the slide deck, my apologies. Thanks. That's all I got.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Congrats on a great transformational year. One or two simple questions. First of all, can you talk about what's assumed in guidance for earned ROEs in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky? And second, on both sides, can you just talk about what kind of headwinds and/or tailwinds to earning authorized are on both places?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Vic, why don't you take the Kentucky ROEs and then we'll pass it over to Greg.
Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co.: In Kentucky for the period, Michael, we are somewhere within 50 basis points of the allowed 10% ROE. Headwinds for us, not a whole lot, because we're going to be in rate case cycle. Most of our returns are coming either from rate cases or ECRs. We're using future rate years, which would take into account of any economic issues, which is the only thing that I could see; other than that, it's a pretty solid plan for us.
Gregory N. Dudkin - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, PPL Electric Utilities Corp.: And Pennsylvania, it's Greg Dudkin, our expected GAAP combined ROE is 9.7% and we don't really see any headwinds, particularly in 2016, because in the distribution case we had a fully projected future test year. So we're very confident we'll be able to achieve that.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Plus we are in the same place for 2016 – Kentucky, we're in the same place for 2016, we just finished up our rate case also using a future rate year. And as we noted earlier, we made our filing on the ECR. So we're in pretty good shape.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. One other question. Just company-wide O&M, can you just talk about what puts and takes are for O&M 2015 over 2016? Kind of like what's embedded in guidance, and where the biggest O&M saves and where the biggest O&M pressures are in 2016 versus 2015?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, generally speaking, on the increase side, the typical major driver are general wage increases, many of which are already known and quantifiable through bargaining unit agreements and so forth. So that's one of the major pluses. I think it depends on each of the companies on other things. So, for example, in Kentucky, as we build more assets out on the environmental cost side, there are costs associated with running new types of equipment, whether it's scrubbers or other things like that. Any other color in Kentucky, Greg?
Gregory N. Dudkin - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, PPL Electric Utilities Corp.: No. I think, Bill, you're right, but, remember we're using future rate years now. So all of these costs are embedded and we have no plans other than what we filed with the Commission. So I'm not sure there are a lot of – there are no really unknown puts or takes. So, I think, again, that's why we say it's pretty solid, because it's based on a – our rates are based on a future rate year and extended, in this case – our case, through the middle of next year. So we're not – our plans are pretty solid. There's not a whole lot of puts and takes. So we're going to do what we told the Commission we're going to do.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Those general wage increases and other factors are already in the plan.
Gregory N. Dudkin - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, PPL Electric Utilities Corp.: Wage increases attracted additional manpower to meet SIP requirements, things like that; they're all embedded in our rates. But when you do look at 2015 to 2016, that's where you would see it in those categories. Go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Last. Just real quick, last thing. On the UK, are you expecting O&M down in the UK? And is the 17% tax rate that you mentioned in the slides, that's a GAAP tax rate? And is that a lower number versus prior guidance as well?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So I will take that?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, go ahead Vince.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: How are you doing, Michael? It's Vince. So just first on the tax rate, 17%, I think, is pretty much where we've been guiding, the last few calls. So I would say that's consistent and pretty much see it at around 17% going out for a few years now. On the O&M, if you look at slide 15, it kind of shows the walk from the $2.21 to the $2.35. You'll see O&M is really not a major driver, except for the UK, it's $0.02 – sorry, it's $0.07 down. About a nickel $0.05 of that is that pension methodology change. So outside of that, I would say, O&M is really not a major driver year-over-year.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks guys. Much appreciated.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Michael. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Just a quick question on PPL capital funding. You have a maturity, I guess, in 2018. Do you plan, I guess, with maybe more cash from bonus, maybe CapEx tailing down a little, do you plan to retire the debt at capital funding or keep using that as a vehicle for access to capital?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say at this point, Anthony, we would likely refi that as opposed to just paying it down.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: And how much debt is that capital funding?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: In total?
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Yes, please.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We'll get that number for you.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC: Okay. I'll follow up with Joe after the call. Thanks for taking my question.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: You're welcome.
Operator: And the final question will come from Andy Levi of Avon Capital Advisors. Please go ahead.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Thought you guys are going to forget me.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We got you Andy and we never forget you.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Good morning. How are you doing?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Actually, I thought it was a really good run-down, so just FYI on that and very good handout too. Just a couple of questions. On the high-end for 2016, how do you achieve the high-end, what are the drivers relative to midpoint?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Vince, you want to take that one?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So on 2016, I would say weather, load growth, O&M management – currency is pretty much locked in, so that's really not driving much of the exposure there. I think those are the main drivers.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would agree. I think those are the key ones.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: So it's really costs and sales basically, that's.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Basically, yeah.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Okay, okay. And then just on – just on.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: (53:02) the opposite. Correct?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Okay. Got it. And then just on the hedging in the UK, so just to make sure, because you got like a bunch of questions on it, I don't know why it was still hard for people to understand. But basically, what you're saying is, if I understand it correctly, is that through re-strikes you're basically saying that you're 50% hedged for 2018 even though your table says 20%. Is that kind of what you're trying to convey?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that's a fair way to look at it. We've not executed those yet, but we have the ability and the room to do that. So I think that's (53:38).
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: And then that would take obviously those sensitivities down?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Got it. And then the last question or point that I'd like to bring up, which I find interesting after going through a week-and-a-half of earnings and looking at companies like Southern and Dominion meaning to take down their numbers because of bonus depreciation here in the U.S. Just to be clear, there is no bonus depreciation in the UK, is there?
Gregory N. Dudkin - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, PPL Electric Utilities Corp.: No. Not in the way we would think about it here, right.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Right. Correct.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Right. So in a sense you could argue that by being two-thirds in the UK – again, we obviously know the currency risk, but at the same time, not having bonus depreciation in the UK is actually a very large benefit for you relative to some of the other U.S. utilities who have seen their earnings significantly – earnings power significantly go lower because of bonus depreciation.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that's true. Yeah.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Okay. Thanks a lot.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thank you, Andy.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Just to get back on – was it Anthony's question, on how much debt is that cap funding; $3.6 billion.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Vince.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks everyone for your participation on today's call. I would just summarize by saying that 2015 was an extremely pivotal year for PPL for many of the reasons I mentioned at the outset of my remarks. I think it's incredible if you look at where we are since the spin. We've raised EPS growth rate guidance; we've achieved two favorable rate outcomes in Pennsylvania and Kentucky; we've raised our guidance on UK incentive revenue; we lowered our exposure to the pound; we signaled meaningful increases in our dividend growth; and we've lowered our equity needs. I can't think of another company that has accomplished so much in such a short period of time. And throughout this transformation, we've continued to execute at a high level, consistently delivered on our earnings forecast, exceeding the midpoint of our forecast for the sixth year in a row. Our assets are diverse. We operate in premium jurisdictions continuing to invest heavily in our businesses to improve service for customers as well as grow value for shareowners, and I think we've demonstrated a proven ability to execute very large capital projects and managing our foreign currency exposure. Looking forward, I believe we're very well positioned to continue to deliver on these commitments, the shareowners offering competitive earnings growth, and an-above average dividend yield. So with that, thank you very much for being on the call today and look forward to our next earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - Director-Investor Relations William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp. Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Gregory N. Dudkin - President, PPL Electric Utilities, PPL Corp.
Analysts: Shah Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions Please note, that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Bergstein, please go ahead.
Joseph P. Bergstein - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides to this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings and non-GAAP measures on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measures, you should refer to the press release which has been posted on our website and has been filed with the SEC. This time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Joe and good morning everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us this morning. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer and the Presidents of our U.S. Utility businesses. Also with the recent retirement of Rick Klingensmith, the former President of PPL Global, with us today is Robert Symons, the Chief Executive of our U.K. Utility Western Power Distribution or WPD. Welcome to the call, Robert. Moving to slide 3, you'll see our agenda for today's discussion. We'll begin with an overview of our third quarter and year-to-date earnings results. We'll also address our 2015 earnings forecast which we are reaffirming today. I'll provide an update to our earnings and dividend growth expectations through 2017 both of which we are increasing today. And I'll provide a brief operational overview for our U.S. utilities. Then I'll turn the call over to Robert to review some new disclosures we are making this quarter to provide more transparency on our estimates for incentive revenues at WPD under the new real model. Vince will then review our segment results and provide more detailed financial overview, as always we'll leave time to answer your questions. Before I jump into the earnings details, however, let me tell you briefly where we stand with three quarters of the year behind us. Based on the solid year-to-date results, our plans for about $10 billion in infrastructure investments through 2017 and higher expected earnings from our U.K. operations, we're now confident we can achieve 6% compound annual earnings growth through 2017. We continue to execute well and we are confident in our growth plans. The company had previously projected 4% to 6% earnings growth. Our business plan is low risk and we are confident in our ability to execute the plan and deliver on our commitments. Moving to slide four. Today we announced third quarter 2015 reported earnings of $393 million or $0.58 a share, a decrease from $497 million or $0.74 per share a year ago. Year to date reported earnings were $283 million or $0.42 per share compared with $1.04 billion or $1.57 per share to the same period in 2014. Reported earnings for the first nine months of 2015 reflect $915 million loss or a $1.36 per share from discontinued operations resulting primarily from the June 1 spin-off of our competitive Supply business. Adjusting for special items, third quarter 2015 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.51 per share up 16% from third quarter 2014 adjusted results. Through the first nine months 2015 earnings from ongoing operations were $1.77 per share up 15% from a year ago. Moving to slide five, driven by the strong performance of our fully regulated portfolio today we are reaffirming our 2015 forecast range for earnings from ongoing operations of $2.15 per share to $2.25 per share. If you've tracked us closely through the years, as I know many of you have, you know that we have a strong track record of not just meeting but exceeding earnings targets. And as I indicated earlier in my remarks, we are now confident we can achieve 6% compound annual earnings growth through 2017. This increase is driven primarily by higher expected earnings from our regulated operations in the U.K. driven primarily by higher expected incentive revenues and lower depreciation expense resulting from the change in depreciable lives. Robert will discuss the details of the higher incentive revenues in his prepared remarks. We now expect the U.K. earnings growth to be 1% to 2% through 2017, previously projected to be flat. And we expect 12% to 14% growth in domestic operations including our corporate services organization. Vince will provide an update on our U.K. earnings projections through 2016 in his prepared remarks. Our overall earnings growth is fueled by about $3.5 billion per year of capital investments in our existing infrastructure and service territories, combined with the constructive regulatory jurisdictions where we operate, which results in over 80% of our CapEx earning a return within 12 months and approximately 76% in less than six months. Regarding the dividend, we expect minimal dividend growth again for 2016 as we strive to get the payout ratio down into the mid-60% range, at which time we will target a 4% to 6% dividend growth rate, more in line with our earnings growth expectations. We currently expect to be in the targeted payout range by the end of 2016. So our current expectation is that we will grow the dividend more meaningfully starting in 2017, but our current expectation for 2017 is at the low end of the 4 to 6% relative to the dividend. We will expect to maintain at least that level of growth through 2017 but we will assess that when we get there. Turning to the operational overview on slide six, and beginning with the PPL Electric Utilities rate case, on September 3, we announced the settlement agreement that would provide PPL Electric Utilities an additional $124 million in revenue through a rate increase to be effective January 1, 2016. The settlement will help fund additional reliability improvements as we continue to strengthen and modernize our Pennsylvania delivery network. Earlier this month an administrative law judge from the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission recommended the Commission approve this settlement. Action by the Commission is expected later this year. The settlement is a black box settlement and does not specify an allowed return on equity. The agreement highlights the constructive relationships we have in the jurisdictions where we operate and our ability to work with a variety of parties to secure results that deliver both competitive returns to shareowners and significant benefits to customers. It's the second such settlement we've announced this year. Last quarter, we highlighted the Kentucky Public Service Commission's approval of rate increases for our Kentucky Utilities following a successful settlement in those proceedings. In both the Pennsylvania and Kentucky jurisdictions, we utilized forward test years which further assists in our ability to reduce regulatory lag. Also in September, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission unanimously approved PPL Electric Utilities' request to invest $450 million in new, more advanced meters for its 1.4 million customers. The company plans to replace its existing meters between 2017 and 2019 to provide expanded benefits to customers and to comply with state mandated regulations on metering technology. Costs will be recovered with little to no regulatory lag through a special rider. The replacement is expected to increase rate base by about $330 million. In Pennsylvania, I'd also like to mention that PPL Electric Utilities received another J.D. Power Award for residential customer satisfaction. The company ranked highest among large electric utilities in the Eastern United States. It is the fourth year in a row that the PPL Electric Utilities earned the distinction and the 12th overall in that category. The company has now won 11 J.D. Power Awards for business customer satisfaction as well. Lastly, turning to slide seven before I move to Kentucky, PPL Electric Utilities took an important step on its proposal to construct a major new transmission line called Project Compass. It's designed to provide significant benefits for electricity consumers in the Northeast. PPL Electric Utilities has filed an interconnection request with the New York Independent System Operator to build a 95-mile transmission line between Blakely, Pennsylvania and Ramapo, New York. The projected capital cost is expected to be $500 million to $600 million. This first section or segment is designed to help make the electric grid more reliable and secure for customers throughout the region and provide substantial savings for New York consumers. If our interconnection request is approved by the New York ISO, additional approvals for this segment will be needed from the Pennsylvania PUC, the New York Public Service Commission, PJM and several other agencies. PPL Electric Utilities has extensive experience, as you know, in planning and building regional transmission lines. Just this past spring, we energized the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line which involved the planning, approval and construction of 101 miles of a 500-kV transmission line. On the Susquehanna-Roseland project, we demonstrated our ability to cooperate with multiple state and regulatory government agencies and to partner with a neighboring utility, which built an additional 50 miles of transmission line in New Jersey as part of that project. Expenditures for Project Compass are not included in our current capital projections. Our proposal currently calls for the first segment to be built and placed in service by 2023. While the first segment can stand alone as a valuable grid improvement, we continue to evaluate and refine the overall plan for the rest of Project Compass. As currently envisioned and based on preliminary estimates, Project Compass in its entirely would extend about 475 miles from Western Pennsylvania into Southeastern New York at an estimated cost of $3 billion to $4 billion. If you turn to slide eight, you will see the portion of the transmission line that represents the first segment between Blakely, Pennsylvania and Ramapo, New York. Shifting south to Kentucky, we retired the final two generating units at our Green River station on September 30. This marks the completion of our plan to retire 800 megawatts of coal-fired generation in Kentucky. We also continue to analyze the potential impact that the Clean Power Plan could have on our Kentucky operations. The precise impact is difficult to pin down at this point. The final rule is just published last Friday, October 23, and the final impact of the rule will not be known until the state implementation plan or the state's specific federal implementation plan has been developed. The final rule is already being legally challenged, so this could have an impact as well. In the end, we will develop a plan for our facilities in collaboration with the Kentucky Public Service Commission and the state Energy and Environment Cabinet. Any investment required to comply with the Clean Power Plan would be incremental to our current CapEx plan. I'd now like to turn the call over to Robert Symons, CEO of our U.K. Operations. He will walk us through our new disclosures on incentive revenues under RIIO-ED1. Robert?
Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.: Many thanks, Bill and good morning. We've received several inquiries as to how the U.K. is performing against the tougher incentive targets set by Ofgem under RIIO-ED1. Moving to slide 10 as Bill mentioned earlier, we are pleased to be providing new disclosures to review our current performance. But before we get into the performance details, I would like to provide some background on the incentive framework. WPD has a long history of operational excellence. And we expect that to continue into RIIO-ED1. Our ability to execute on our plans and achieve incentive revenue has been key to our financial performance. And once again, WPD is on-track to outperform its Ofgem targets in the 2015/2016 regulatory year. And WPD now expects to earn total incentive revenues that exceed prior estimates for 2017 and 2018. Our original plan assume between $80 million and $100 million for 2017 and between $60 million and $90 million for 2018. Based on our performance to-date we are raising guidance estimates for the 2017 calendar year to $90 million to $110 million and $75 million to $105 million for 2018. One of the real benefits of being fast tracked through price control review process is that we've had more time to ensure we were in a strong position to deliver the output included in the business plan submitted to Ofgem. For example, in advance to the RIIO-ED1 period, we adjusted one of our operational targets to less than 12 hours for supply restoration down from 18 hours to align our performance with the new guaranteed standards in RIIO-ED1. The fast-track award of about $43 million per year during RIIO-ED1 period along with our ability to an incentive revenues are two very strong reasons that the UK regulatory model is considered a premium jurisdiction. Turning to slide 11, the primary schemes that contribute to incentive revenues include the interruption incentive schemes and the broad measure of customer satisfaction. Interruption incentive schemes include customer interruptions and customer minutes lost. Both of these schemes are designed to incentivize the DNOs to invest and operate their networks to manage and reduce both the frequency and the duration of power outages. The targets under RIIO-ED1 are specified in our licenses and become slightly more demanding each year. On this slide you will find results for customer minutes lost on the top-left of the slide and customer interruptions on the top-right. Customer minutes lost measures the cumulative amount of minutes customers are without electricity. In this chart, we are reporting the cumulative average performance of all four of our DNOs. The line in purple is the Ofgem target and the dotted line is the projected result, with the vertical line showing the maximum reward or penalties. Customer interruption measures the cumulative amount of interruptions in the customers electricity supply per hundred customers. The chart is using the same basis for reporting an average of all four DNOs, however, this chart represents customer interruptions for 100 customers. You will see for the first six months under RIIO-ED1, WPD is trending towards exceeding the annual targets for customer minutes lost and customer interruptions. These incentive revenues while earned during the 2015/2016 regulatory year will be received in the 2017/2018 regulatory year. So now turning to slide 12. In addition to the interruption incentive schemes, the second scheme, the broad measure of customer satisfaction measures performance against customer satisfaction. Each month Ofgem surveys customer satisfaction for services provided by the DNOs. On a scale from 1 to 10, this chart provides results against the targets Ofgem has established for customers experiencing interruptions, requesting a new connection or making a general inquiry. This chart shows WPD's performance through September 2015 for each DNO compared to all other DNOs combined, and demonstrates our excellent customer service. While we have only been performing under RIIO for six months, as I mentioned earlier the benefit of being fast-track afforded us the opportunity to begin to plan our approach to delivering outputs. As we continue to execute on those plans, we are on track to meet or exceed the new targets. We will continue to provide updates to these slides each quarter. And now Vince will walk you through a more detailed look at segment earnings.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Robert and good morning everyone. Let's move to slide 14 for a review of segment earnings. Our third quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased over last year by $0.07 per share, driven primarily by higher earnings from the Kentucky Regulated segment and the UK Regulated segment and lower cost in corporate and other resulting from the corporate restructuring. Let's briefly discuss domestic weather for the third quarter and year-to-date compared to last year and also compared to our 2015 forecast. Overall, domestic weather was slightly favorable for the quarter and flat year to date compared to the same periods last year. However, compared to our 2015 forecast, weather had a positive $0.03 impact year-to-date and was flat for the third quarter. Let's move to a more detailed review of the third quarter segment earnings drivers starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 15. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earnings for the third quarter were flat compared with a year ago. This result was due to higher margins from additional transmission investments and returns on distribution improvement capital investments offset by higher O&M expenses and higher depreciation due to asset additions. Moving to slide 16, our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.16 per share in the third quarter of 2015, a $0.04 increase compared to a year ago. This result was due to higher gross margins from electric and gas base rate increases effective July 1 of this year, returns on additional environmental capital investments and higher volumes due to inclement weather. Moving to slide 17, our UK Regulated segment earned $0.29 per share in the third quarter of 2015 a $0.01 improvement compared to the same period last year. This increase was due to lower income taxes primarily from lower U.S. taxes on dividends in 2015 compared to 2014 and lower depreciation expense from the asset life extension we discussed earlier this year, partially offset by increased depreciation from asset additions. These increases were partially offset by lower utility revenues as we transitioned to RIIO-ED1 on April 1 of this year partially offset by higher volumes and higher miscellaneous revenues. Moving to slide 18, on this slide we provide an update to our GBP hedging status for 2015, 2016, 2017 including sensitivities for a $0.05 and $0.10 downward movement in the exchange rate compared to our budgeted rate of $1.60. We continue to be fully hedged for the remainder of 2015 at an average rate of $1.54. For 2016 and 2017 the hedge percentages are off the higher expected U.K. earnings that Bill discussed. Thus our 2016 hedge ratio came down a little. For 2017, we continued to layer on hedges during the quarter and have increased our hedge percentage from 40% at the end of the second quarter to 66% today at an average rate of $1.60. You can see from the sensitivity table that there is no exposure for the remainder of 2015, minimal exposure in 2016 and 2017, if the average hedge rate on our open positions is $1.55. These FX sensitivities do not factor in the potential positive effects from restriking existing hedges which, as you know, we've been successfully doing throughout the year. Also on this slide, we show our RPI sensitivity, which has been updated as well. As we've discussed previously, under the RIIO model, our revenues for the 2015/2016 regulatory year were set using a 2.6% inflation rate and our 2017/2018 revenues will reflect a true-up for the actual inflation rate for the 2015/2016 period. We're now incorporating a forecasted RPI rate of 1.6% in our current planning assumptions compared to the 2.6% that we were previously using. This 1% difference results in a reduction to 2017/2018 allowed revenue and affects our 2017 calendar revenue by approximately $0.03 per share. The lower RPI rate and the revenue giveback are fully reflected in our assumptions that drive the 6% EPS growth through 2017. As a result, the 2017 RPI sensitivity for 0.5% downward movement in the 2015/2016 RPI is now off the current forecast of 1.6%. Looking ahead to November of this year, our 2016/2017 and 2017/2018 tariffs will be based on the forecasted RPI at that time. As you can see on the slide, the current RPI forecasts for 2016/2017 is 2.8% and for 2017/2018 it's 3.1%, both of which are in line with the rates used in the forecast to hit the 6% earnings growth. Before turning the call back to Bill, I wanted to provide an update on our projected U.K. earnings through 2016. As you can see on slide 19, we have increased our earnings projections for 2015 and 2016 from a midpoint in the $1.40 per share range to a mid-point in the $1.43 per share range. The increase for 2015 is primarily driven by the lower depreciation expense from the asset life extension; the increase in 2016 is a combination of higher incentive revenues and lower depreciation. We still expect a relatively flat earnings trajectory in the U.K. through 2017. However, it is now off of the higher 2015 year-end forecast of $1.43 per share. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Vince. PPL continues to be a very compelling investment opportunity within our sector, with competitive earnings growth rate, which we just guided to 6% through 2017, combined with better than average dividend yield at about 4.5% and the ability to continue to grow that dividend, we believe we can deliver a top quartile total shareowner return over the next three years. And I believe most importantly that this is all supported by a low risk business plan. With that, operator let's open the call to questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] The first question comes from Shah Pourreza of Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Shah Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Shah Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: I appreciate the new disclosures around the Compass Project. So how should we think about the remaining miles? Are you looking to potentially segment the rest? And then, is there an opportunity to potentially JV with some of the neighboring utilities to smooth out the process?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I think in both cases the answer would be yes. So there's an ability to continue to segment the line as well as partnering with adjacent or utilities that the project goes through their service territory. So I think in both cases we would look to do that.
Shah Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. And then just on the updated guidance around the growth of 6%. Should we sort of think about that as a new midpoint of a new range, or is this sort of you being able to sort of achieve that top end of the prior plan?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: This is really our ability to achieve the top end of the plan for this current period, the 2015 through 2017 period, and then we will assess and report out on the fourth quarter call our expectations for how that growth rate will continue past 2017.
Shah Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. And then just one last question, under ED1 the updated disclosures which was obviously very helpful. Is this something we can expect an update on a quarterly basis as you report earnings? And is this sort of the trough earnings to that segment sort of being shifted a little bit into 2017 and potentially earlier than that?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, two things, one is we will continue to update on a quarterly basis where we stand relative to those incentive targets. We previously had noted that the U.K. business was expected to be flat from an earnings per share basis. With the new disclosures and now six months behind us in terms of how well we feel about our capability to earn the incentive revenue, we are now comfortable saying that the UK earnings will be slightly positive 1% to 2% type growth rate off of the flat. So we are now looking at that 1% to 2% annual growth rate.
Shah Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Congrats on these results.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Julien, yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So first quick question, if you can elaborate a little bit on the latest positive development in the UK? Could you perhaps give us a little bit of a sense of how much of that is driven by cost savings, if you will, specifically TotEx?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. The increase in earnings that we are announcing today from the U.K. is primarily driven by the increase in the incentive revenues that we now expect to earn through the period. There really are some other moving parts, the biggest of which is probably the depreciable change that we had in the lives of the assets, and that's in the short-term driving some cost savings there. From a TotEx perspective maybe Robert, you could indicate where we are relative to the filed (29:26) business plan?
Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.: Thanks, Bill. Yeah, in terms of TotEx basically, we are on target to deliver the plan. There are various variables, which obviously influence that, connections and other such things, but basically we are on plan.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. All right. Excellent. And then perhaps to boot with that, if you will. Where do you stand with respect to solar DG interconnections into the your U.K. system? And how is that impacting the TotEx expectations in the near-term as well as into the mid-period review? And do you expect to have a mid-cycle review potentially to reflect more solar interconnections?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me ask Robert to comment, but before he does just to put a little perspective on this. There has been a significant increase in request for connections for distributed generation in the U.K. predominantly driven by some very substantial feed in tariffs that have encouraged a lot of connections. My understanding is the feed in tariffs are coming to an end are being substantially reduced, such that the demand for distributed generation has dropped off very significantly. Having said that, there is a lot of pent-up demand and request on the system and it kind of depends on which DNO you look at. I think of the DNOs that we operate, the four DNOs, the one DNO where we're seeing the most significant request has really been in the Southwest. So with that bit of background, Robert, do you want to provide a little bit more color, please?
Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.: Yes, just to give you some idea of scale, the current subsidy on photovoltaic is about £0.06 per unit. That's going down. There's a consultation document out, and potentially that will go down to about £0.01 per unit. So basically it's the FIT tariffs which actually drive demand. In terms of its impact on TotEx, developers have to pay the cost of reinforcement upfront, and it's only the bit that possibly benefits us in other ways, but it's actually funded out of the TotEx part. So that 95% of the cost of actually putting in or reinforcing the network in order to connect large photovoltaics is actually met by the developer themselves. So I don't see it as a real big impact on TotEx. I think if there was a change in government policy as to how this stuff was funded then that would be the trigger that would trigger a midterm review if it was the case that companies had to make a larger contribution towards that investment. But given the current situation, I can't really see that happening.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. But just to clarify here, is this a CapEx opportunity in your mind down the line and in the near-term is that one of the reasons that it prevents you from outpacing the current plan in the UK? Just to be very clear about it.
Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.: Well, we work under a series of rules, Julien and the rule say that there is no – the current rule say there's no investment ahead of need. So you can't build a line if you like before it's actually required. So that investment opportunity really isn't there under the current rules. And as I stated before, I think its impact on reinforcement expenditure detailed in the business plan is relatively small currently.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Just the last little detail, I'd be curious you all have a good track record in the UK, what are your thoughts to expanding the UK footprint specifically transmission is opening up for competitive bid, obviously we talk a lot about that domestically, just curious to get your initial thoughts.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, at the moment Julien, we would not look to expand into transmission. I think as Robert said, we are great at what we do and we want to stick to what we know best, and so that's our current plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Well, congratulations again. Good results. Keep going.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, good morning guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just going back to the UK incentive revenues and the updates there, do I take that the new ranges for the next couple of years, those are going to be the high end of what you can earn based on the formulas in the UK because you're performing at the upper bounds of what they're allowing for?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're not projecting to be at the very top of the band, but based on the projection – you know we have a range there. So we're near that – I would say we are in the upper end of the band, but there is probably still a little bit more room to the extent we outperform even more than we are currently projecting.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Dan. This is Vince. I would say, the midpoint of those ranges would reflect kind of current level of performance, so if WPD is able to continue to improve that would push us probably to the high-end of those bands. But there's also risk that something bumps in the night, and so we took that into account as well. But it's based on current level of performance.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So effectively since the last update you guys have moved your performance from the old midpoint to the high end of the old band. Is this basically what's happening into the (35:17) either way. Okay. And then just kind of, given the shape of when you go from the old RIIO to the new RIIO, the 2019 opportunity, and I know this is far out, but just so we can kind of thinking about the shape of the outlook to the incentive revenue pool, does that shrink when you get out to 2019 given the fast-track design or does that stay about the same level, which you can keep competing for the same amount of revenue contribution?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Robert, why don't you take that?
Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.: The pool stays the same, the incentive mechanism stays the same, the targets get slightly more difficult year-on-year and that varies between, which of the full businesses you were talking about, but those, sort of, things have been built into sort of information that Vince chooses.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So we don't have a contraction in that size. There is still opportunity for you guys to continue and be able to reach the top level in the future?
Robert A. Symons - Chief Executive Officer, Western Power Distribution, PPL Corp.: Yes, you got it exactly right. The opportunity still remains the same albeit the targets get slightly more difficult as time goes on. But one would hope that also investment and (36:24) investment in line and all the rest of it. Automation schemes will actually produce some benefit later on.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Very good. I got that. And then just on Compass real quick. I know it's ways off, but does this get caught up in this Order 1000 workout because it's an economic line instead of a reliability line? Do you get more competition, and people prospectively bid away the cost of capital? Or how do you think you're going to be able to reserve some sort of competitive advantage in this line?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Greg take that question.
Gregory N. Dudkin - President, PPL Electric Utilities, PPL Corp.: Yes. So the way this is set up currently under New York law, this would not be considered a FERC 1000 Project, so we are going and making interconnection requests and will be filing our Article VII now. So if the approval path goes down that path there may be an opportunity for competition, but the probability is little bit lower. If the PSC opens up economic window next year then there could be competition, so we'll see how it plays out.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think relative to the competitive nature of this, obviously just having completed a very major line essentially in the same region, I think our capability to be very competitive should we get to that point should be strong.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Very good. Think you guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks Dan.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Congrats on a good quarter and outlook. I don't know if this is Bill or Vince question or both, when you think about just companywide what's the O&M assumption that's embedded in your guidance growth rate the kind of 6% off of 2014?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Thanks for the question, Michael. I'll let Vince take that one.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. So in general coming – so obviously you know we've reduced O&M quite significantly coming out of the spin with the corporate restructuring efforts where we're targeting about $75 million and we are comfortable that we've achieved that. However, we do continue to look at the corporate services organization as well as just operations between PA and Kentucky so see if there is opportunities for continued efficiency there domestically. WPD is already very efficient. And so we just continue to look at that and we built in about another $0.02 worth of opportunity through 2017 in achieving the 6% growth rate.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. And can you just give us the puts and takes? I mean I know the Pennsylvania rate increase, I know the environmental cost recovery rider in Kentucky. But your U.S. utility growth rate puts you kind of well above the norm for traditional utilities. Can you talk about some of the other drivers of that besides those two items I referenced?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think a key one would be transmission. Our transmission is growing at a compound rate of 17%, so that's a significant driver. In terms of the outcomes that you mentioned on the rate cases, I think they were fair outcomes, not terribly inconsistent with our planning assumptions. I think as we continue to refine our cost structure, as Vince said, both at the corporate level as well as at the utility level, that's going to drive some upside or some improvement there, and that does help the domestic utility growth rate. But I think it's probably worth mentioning that we're not really changing the domestic utility growth rate from the utilities. What we've really changed and up the overall is the corporate services where we're seeing lower costs. So the lower costs in the corporate services, that $0.02 that Vince mentioned, is really what's moving the domestic utilities growth rates up or everything is combined together to get us to the 6%.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Last question in the UK, can you remind us the calendar year expected incentive revenue for 2015 and 2016?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The calendar year, so it's an April 1 start and then it goes on to the March – the end of March of the following year, and that in terms of the dollars is $130 million.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: You wanted 2015 and 2016, Michael?
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. I'm just trying to compare, what you have on slide 10 to what you are expecting for 2015, 2016, and I think what you have in slide 10 is calendar year not the April to March year?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That is correct. So 2015 we had $120 million and about $125 million, $126 million for 2016.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks, guys. Much appreciated.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Bill. Just want to clarify some of the UK changes where it seems like that's where the guidance uplift is. So the incentive benefit which you've given, it looks like it's about $0.01 in 2017 based on the higher on a per share, $10 million or $15 million?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then you did change your RPI guidance, you said down $0.03?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Correct, we did flex it down.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: In the guidance, right.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: In the guidance. So is then all the rest of the benefit, depreciation benefit or some kind of O&M to or what's...?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Year, so Steven, I would say the 6% as we were going through the planning – or the $0.06, as we were going through the planning process, we didn't bake, up until now, all of that $0.06 of depreciation upside through 2017 because of the risks around RPI and FX. I would say that the RPI forecast has been holding strong in that 3% range. So we're at 2.8% for 2016 and 3.1% for 2017, so we are feeling pretty good. The exposure there is really only another month because once that gets set next month, that's really what it will drive for the next two years. So we feel comfortable with that exposure. And then as we continue to layer on the hedges, I think we are extremely comfortable that we can manage the FX exposure and hedge that up to $1.60 through at least 2017. So as our comfort level on both of those risk factors improved, we were able to put more of this $0.06 upside kind of into the base forecast. So that $0.06 has been there all along, but we were using it as a risk mitigant up until now.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Okay. So that depreciation benefit you had at the beginning of the year, there's not like a new one on top of that. That's just you're able to see the full benefit of that because you've limited some of the pressures that might been there.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Correct.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Got it. Perfect. Okay. That was really it. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregg Orrill of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, thank you. Can you talk about a little bit about the funding needs for the CapEx plan? You have almost $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Would one of the strategies be to work that cash balance down? Or how are you thinking about that?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, that would be the plan. We work that down. Vince, you can probably speak more specifically to exactly how we are planning to fund the CapEx plan.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. So slide 26 in the appendix, Gregg, really details that. It's the same slide that we went through last quarter in terms of funding the growth. So in the UK, I'll just reiterate that the UK business is fully self funding variable with their cash from operations and their ability to borrow in country and maintain their 80% to 85% debt to rev ratios. They are able to basically self fund (45:06) dividends about $400 million of cash a year back to the state. We take that $400 million, add it to our cash from operations, fund our maintenance capital and we still think we'll have even after we pay the dividend about $250 million and over say the next three years to five years that will continue to grow as the domestic cash from ops grows. So that $250 million will drive either dividend growth that Bill talked about or CapEx growth, and then we'll use debt and a little bit of equity. We still have the $200 million of maxed equity issuances in the plan. Everything else would be funded with debt and we are able to do that and maintain our solid investment-grade credit ratings.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, Vince.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for updating the RPI assumption. My question is when is the next time, you will be evaluated for? I guess for the 2016/2017 planning years? So when would the 2.8% be evaluated versus what's actually happening? And would that impact mainly 2018 earnings, if there was a reset?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the first impact would be showing up in 2018 and 2019 period. It's the regulatory year. So that is correct. And in terms of the next end of the period, I guess when would that be, Vince, in terms of the measurements?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I mean, it's the same schedule as the 2015/2016, so we are truing up the 2.6% to the 1.6% and that giveback shows up two years later, two regulatory years later, so in the 2017/2018 timeframe. So if 2016/2017 comes in on an actual basis less than the 2.8% that would be given back in 2018/2019.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: But also if it comes in higher, we will receive additional revenues in 2018/2019, so it's not one way.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Right, right. And then looking at the percent hedged for the currency at 66%, and you are assuming $1.60 for the exchange rate, do you have any more flexibility to maybe lower 2015 hedges to benefit 2017, if the exchange rate doesn't go your way?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So we are pretty much done with our 2015 hedges. However, our 2016 hedges are in the money as well, and there certainly could be an opportunity to re-strike our 2016 hedges and move that value into 2017 and potentially even a little bit in 2018. I would say we probably have $0.03 or $0.04 of opportunity to do that.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then directionally can you guys provide where you are in terms of the exchange rate hedges for 2018 at this point?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So we are currently 0% hedged for 2018.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. And I think we're out of time Joe.
Joseph P. Bergstein - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah, I think there is no more questions in the queue. So go ahead, Bill.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Great. Well, thanks everyone for participating on today's call. I know several members of our senior management team and myself will be attending the EEI Financial Conference coming up in November, so we look forward to seeing everyone there. Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - Director-Investor Relations William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co. Rick L. Klingensmith - President, PPL Global, Inc.
Analysts: Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Keith T. Stanley - Wolfe Research LLC Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joseph P. Bergstein - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Emily, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides to this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings from ongoing operations or ongoing earnings and other non-GAAP measures on this call. For reconciliations to the GAAP measures, you should refer to the press release which has been posted on our website and has been filed with the SEC. This time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you joined us this morning. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; and the presidents of our three business segments. Moving to slide 3, you'll see an agenda for today's discussion. As we typically do, we'll provide an overview of our quarterly and year-to-date earnings results, which I'm pleased to say include significant growth in earnings from ongoing operations. We'll discuss our 2015 earnings forecasts, which we are increasing, along with our dividend, based on the continued strong performance of our utilities, and I'll provide an operational overview as well. Vince will review our segment results and provide a more detailed financial overview. And as always, we'll have plenty of time to answer your questions. But before we dive into the quarter results, I'd like to share with you my thoughts about the new PPL. As you know, June 1st marked a major milestone in our company's history. On that day, we completed the spinoff of our competitive supply business. And in doing so, we completed a strategic transformation of PPL that began with our acquisition of two regulated utilities in Kentucky, followed by the expansion of our utility operations in the United Kingdom. It's a transformation that has been exceptionally well executed, provides earnings and dividend growth potential, will create significant value for our share owners, and positions PPL well for continued growth and success. Today, in our first earnings call since the spinoff of the supply segment, our focus has never been clearer. Our ability to control our own destiny through our proven track record of execution has never been greater. And I, without a doubt, have never been more excited about where we're headed. Moving to slide 4, let me expand on some of the reasons why. PPL is now a pure play, regulated utility investment, made up of seven high-performing, award-winning, and growing utility companies. Year in and year out, these utilities prove themselves to be among the best in our industry. They are diverse and located in different regions with different regulatory structures. They offer a mix of regulated assets you'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere else in our sector. Each utility operates in what we consider to be a premium jurisdiction. In addition, all of our utilities are investing heavily in infrastructure, producing robust rate base growth for PPL. In fact, organic growth in our domestic utilities is among the strongest in the U.S. utility sector with 8% to 10% earnings growth expected through 2017. We expect our combined rate base in the U.S. alone to grow by 47% over the next five years. That's the equivalent of adding another major utility to our portfolio. Our balance sheet is strong and so are our cash flows, credit ratings and very competitive dividend. The bottom line, we believe the new PPL, with its strong growth profile, a solid dividend and a diverse mix of holdings, is a unique and very compelling investment option in the U.S. utility sector. Looking at slide 5, you can see that robust rate base growth, combined with jurisdictions that permit near real-time recovery of our infrastructure investments, is what will drive our targeted 4% to 6% earnings growth. I want to point out that the 2017 $2.35 of earnings per share shown here represents a projection based on the mid-point of our 4% to 6% compound annual growth target off our 2014 adjusted earnings. It does not represent earnings guidance for 2017. Across the portfolio, over $10 billion in CapEx spending is expected to produce compound annual rate base growth of more than 7% or $5 billion by the end of 2017. For 2015 through 2017, over 80% of that CapEx earns a return within 12 months and approximately 76% in less than six months. This combination creates a very strong foundation for future earnings growth. Let's turn to slide 6. This slide offers additional detail on why we feel our U.S. operations in Pennsylvania and Kentucky operate in constructive regulatory environments. Domestically, we have favorable allowed ROEs in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky. When coupled with the numerous recovery mechanisms that reduce regulatory lag, including the DISC in Pennsylvania and the ECR in Kentucky, we are well positioned to achieve our earnings growth targets. We have excellent growth in transmission with allowed base ROEs of 11.68% to the formula rate and a 12.93% allowed ROE for the $630 million Susquehanna-Roseland project as well as a return on CWIP for the $335 million Northeast Pocono reliability project in Pennsylvania. It's this list of trackers and recovery mechanisms that drive the rapid recovery I described on the prior slide of 76% of our CapEx earning and return in less than six months and over 80% earning return in less than 12 months. Turning to slide 7, we provide a more detailed look at why we also believe the UK offers a superior regulatory jurisdiction. The RIIO-ED1 framework in the UK provides long-term, inflation-adjusted rate certainty without volumetric exposure and Ofgem has accepted our business plans, which include total spend of over $19 billion over the eight-year regulatory period. About $11 billion of that spend will drive growth in our regulated asset value, or RAV. It also offers the potential to outperform through performance incentives which, as you know, WPD has been very successful at earning in the past, and it offers us the opportunity to earn an adjusted expected return on equity in the mid to upper teens through 2017. We're uniquely positioned with our history of strong performance and innovation to earn these favorable returns in this premium jurisdiction. Our utilities in the UK are the four best performers in the country. They were the only utilities to be approved for fast tracking of their business plans under RIIO. This enables them to collect additional revenue of about $43 million annually and retain 70% of cost efficiencies, compared to about 55% for the slow track DNOs. And the UK business is self-funding and does not require any equity from PPL. In fact, we have the flexibility to dividend between $300 million and $500 million of cash back to the U.S. annually in a tax efficient manner. Turning to slide 8, our board approved an increase in our common stock dividend, raising it from $1.49 to $1.51 per share on an annualized basis. This marks PPL's 13th dividend increase in 14 years. The quarterly dividend of $0.3775 per share will be payable October 1 to shareowners of record as of September the 10th. The increase in the dividend is consistent with our prior messaging that we would look to raise the dividend after the completion of the spin. Turning to slide 9, in summary, we're confident in our ability to achieve our 4% to 6% earnings growth targets through at least 2017. We expect 8% to 10% growth in our domestic utility earnings and approximately 2% growth coming from our corporate restructuring efforts which, combined, are more than offsetting relatively flat earnings expectations in our UK business over this time period. There are several key drivers to our organic growth in the domestic utilities, and these include strong transmission rate-based growth of 18.9% through 2017 in Pennsylvania; limited volumetric risk in our distribution operation in Pennsylvania due to our rate structures and recovery mechanisms; environmental spending and favorable rate case outcomes contribute to our growth in Kentucky. And outside the U.S., the UK spending program of $4.8 billion, along with our projected incentive return, support our overall RAV growth and strong financial performance. Before turning to our quarterly results, I want to reiterate how optimistic I am about PPL's future. I believe PPL's diverse mix of assets, our low overall business and regulatory risk and our proven track record of earnings performance and transparency set us apart from our peers. It's a new day for PPL, but we'll continue to deliver for our customers and our shareowners. Turning to slide 11, today we reported a second quarter 2015 loss of $757 million or $1.13 per share. This reflects a $1 billion loss or $1.50 per share from discontinued operations associated with the June 1st spinoff of our competitive supply business. The loss from discontinued operations included an $879 million loss reflecting the fair value of the supply business at the time of the spinoff compared to the recorded value of the segment. Vince will address the loss from discontinued operations in more detail in his remarks. By comparison, second quarter 2014 reported earnings were $229 million or $0.34 per share. The reported loss for the first six months of 2015, which also reflects the loss on discontinued operations, was $110 million or $0.17 per share compared with reported earnings of $545 million or $0.83 per share for the same period in 2014. Adjusting for special items, including results from discontinued operations, second quarter of 2015 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.49 per share, up 11% from second quarter 2014 adjusted results. And year-to-date, ongoing earnings of $1.26 per share is 15% higher than 2014. As you'll see on slide 12, because of the strong performance of our utilities year-to-date, primarily in the UK and Kentucky, we are raising the mid-point of our 2015 earnings forecast by $0.05. That increases the midpoint to $2.20 per share, an 8.4% increase from our 2014 adjusted ongoing earnings of $2.03 per share. For the full year, we see an improvement in our UK regulated segment as a result of lower depreciation expense, partially offset by the cost incurred to re-price some of the 2015 foreign currency hedges and lower operating and maintenance expense, coupled with supportive weather in our Kentucky regulated segment. Now, let's turn to slide 13 for an operational update. In Pennsylvania, PPL Electric Utilities continues to meet with various state and federal agencies regarding its proposed compass regional transmission project and to study potential options for the transmission line. The project announced in July of 2014 would involve construction of a new multi-state transmission line that would improve electric service reliability, enhance grid security and provide cost savings to millions of consumers in the PJM and New York ISO regions. We will continue to provide updates as this project moves further along. Also in Pennsylvania, we're awaiting a decision from the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission on PPL Electric Utilities' request to replace its $1.4 million electric meters with new, more advanced meters. The company has proposed replacing its meters between 2017 and 2019 to provide expanded benefits to customers and to comply with state-mandated regulations on metering technology, estimated to cost about $450 million, of which $328 million is expected to increase rate base. A PUC administrative law judge has recommended approval of that plan. In addition, PPL Electric Utilities' March 31 distribution rate case remains pending before the Pennsylvania PUC. As part of this regulatory process, the company has engaged in ongoing settlement discussions with the parties. We'll of course keep you updated as the case proceeds. The company has requested an increase of $167.5 million in annual base distribution revenues. The request is driven by continued investments required to renew, strengthen and modernize our Pennsylvania distribution network. We've already seen significant improvement in system reliability based on the investments made to-date as we're experiencing 38% fewer outages than five years ago. And the average length of time our customers are without power has been reduced by 43%. The investment being requested in this rate case is expected to further improve system reliability by another 20% over the next five years. We expect the revenue increase to take effect January 1st of 2016. In Kentucky, the Kentucky PUC in late June issued final orders that resulted in an increase of $125 million in annual base electricity rates at Kentucky Utilities and a $7 million increase in annual base gas rates at Louisville Gas & Electric. The new rates became effective July 1st as anticipated. And after more than two years and over two million construction hours, the new $530 million 640-megawatt Cane Run Unit 7 combined cycle gas plant is now commercially available. This unit is the first of its kind in the state and represents our commitment to put resources in place to meet the future energy needs of our customers. Since the start of the operations, the unit has been running as a baseload unit. Finally, our WPD subsidiaries in the UK transitioned to the new eight-year price control period, RIIO-ED1, on April 1, 2015. While it's only been a few months under RIIO-ED1, so far, we're performing very well in either meeting or exceeding our performance targets. With that, I'll turn the call over to Vince to provide a more detailed look at our financial performance. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 15 for a review of segment earnings. Our second quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased over last year by $0.05 per share driven primarily by higher earnings from the UK Regulated segment and lower cost in Corporate and Other resulting from the corporate restructuring efforts which are essentially complete. As Bill mentioned earlier, PPL's reported earnings for the quarter and year-to-date reflected losses from discontinued operations associated with the June 1st spinoff of our competitive supply business. The accounting rules required us to evaluate whether the fair value of the supply segment's net asset was less than our carrying value as of the June 1st spinoff date, and we determined that it was. This resulted in a loss on spin of $875 million. In addition to the loss on spin, supply's operating results and all costs associated with the spin are classified on the income statement as discontinued operations for all current and prior periods. You can find additional details on the spinoff, our valuation methodologies used in determining our estimated fair value for supply, and information on our transition services agreements with Talen in our second quarter 10-Q that we are filing today. Let's briefly discuss domestic weather for the second quarter and year-to-date compared to last year and compared to the 2015 forecast. Overall, domestic weather was flat until last year for both the quarter and year-to-date periods. However, compared to our 2015 forecast, weather had a positive $0.03 impact year-to-date and was flat for the second quarter. Let's move to a more detailed review of the second quarter segment earnings drivers starting with the Pennsylvania results on slide 16. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.07 per share in the second quarter, a decrease of $0.01 per share compared with the year ago. This result was due to higher O&M expenses and higher depreciation due to asset additions, partially offset by higher margins from additional transmission investments. Moving to slide 17, our Kentucky-regulated segment earned $0.09 per share in the second quarter of 2015, flat compared to a year ago. This result was due to higher gross margins from returns on additional environment capital investments, offset by higher O&M expenses related to costs for the retirement of the Cane Run coal facility. Moving to slide 18, our UK-regulated segment earned $0.36 per share in the second quarter of 2015, a $0.03 increase compared to the same period last year. This increase was due to lower income taxes from a lower UK tax rate and lower U.S. taxes on dividends in 2015 compared to 2014 and lower depreciation expense from the asset life extension we discussed last quarter. These increases were partially offset by lower utility revenues as we transition to RIIO-ED1 on April 1 of this year and the effects from foreign currency. Moving to slide 19, on this slide, we provide an update to our GBP hedging status for 2015, 2016 and 2017 including sensitivities for a $0.05 and $0.10 downward movement in the exchange rate compared to our budgeted rate of $1.60. As you can see, we continue to be fully hedged for the remainder of 2015 at an average rate of $1.58. For 2016, we increased our hedge percentage from 72% at the end of the first quarter to 90% today at an average rate of $1.61. We also continue to layer in hedges for 2017 during the quarter, and we are now 40% hedged for 2017 at an average rate of $1.62, up from the 20% we reported in the first quarter. You can see from the sensitivity table that there's basically no exposure for the remainder of 2015, minimal exposure in 2016 and about $0.03 of exposure in 2017 if the average hedge rate on our open positions is $1.55. Also on this slide, we have updated our RPI sensitivity. As we discussed last quarter, under the RIIO methodology, our revenues for the 2015, 2016 regulatory year were set using a 2.6% inflation rate. Our revenues in 2017-2018 will reflect the true-up for the actual inflation rate for the 2015-2016 regulatory year. Current RPI forecast using the HM Treasury forecast of the UK economy would suggest a 2015-2016 inflation rate of about 1.8% compared to the 2.6% included in our revenue. We are providing a sensitivity for a 0.5% downward move in RPI for the 2015-2016 period. RPI forecast for 2016 and beyond continue to be either above or at our assumed 3%. RPI affects three primary drivers for WPD: Our revenues, our O&M expenses, and the interest expense on index-linked debt. For 2017, since this is the first year we see the RPI true-up in revenues, a 2015-2016 RPI of 50 basis points below our budgeted rate, or an RPI of about 2.1%, would have a negative effect on earnings of about $0.02 per share in 2017. As noted in the footnote, we updated the sensitivity to include the partial O&M and interest expense offsets in the sensitivity. Let's move to slide 20. As Bill mentioned earlier in his remarks, we have announced an increase in our common stock dividend to $1.51 per share on an annualized basis. We have received several questions regarding our ability to fund and continue to grow our dividend during this period of high CapEx spending. We're providing a new disclosure this quarter which presents how we view our domestic cash flow picture. We start with our domestic cash from operations and subtract the domestic maintenance CapEx as represented by depreciation expense. We then add the cash distributions we received from the UK. But as you can see in the table, we have sufficient domestic cash flows to fund our maintenance capital and the common stock dividend. So, the debt and equity issuances in the U.S. are funding our domestic growth CapEx and ongoing debt maturities. From a cash perspective, we believe this is the appropriate way to look at it since the UK is a completely self-funding business. Before I turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A, I'd like to reiterate Bill's comments that we are confident in our ability to achieve our stated 4% to 6% earnings growth target through at least 2017. This growth directly reflects our robust capital expenditure plan combined with very constructive regulatory structures at significantly reduced regulatory lag, driving an expected 8% to 10% EPS growth at our domestic utilities. That level of growth, combined with lower corporate and other costs, which will add an additional 2% earnings growth over this period, more than offsets the relatively flat earnings growth profile expected from UK during the period. We continue to believe that U.K. is a premium jurisdiction, given an eight-year rate cycle with revenue and RAV index to inflation and an incentive-based model that, given our historical best-in-sector performance, provides us the opportunity to continue to earn very strong ROEs in the UK, expected to be in the mid to upper teens through 2017. We also believe our common stock dividend is not only very competitive, but very secure and poised for future growth. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call over to Bill for the Q&A period. Bill?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Vince, and operator, we are now ready for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Daniel Eggers of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for all the updates today. I guess, you know, always been a little bit greedy, you talk about through at least 2017. When we kind of look beyond that, the UK should be through the transition period as far as the normalization of incentives. When we look at the U.S. utilities, how do you guys think about the growth, and I guess with CPP coming today, how are you guys sort of think about layering that into your capital budgeting?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well, with the Clean Power Plan just being released today, obviously, we're going to need a little bit of time, as I think you are, to kind of look through what this all means. But I think as you noted in your note this morning, I think it does support potentially higher CapEx for the utilities segment, generally speaking. And I think the pieces that I've read about the Clean Power Plan are pretty consistent with what we would have expected. I think in Kentucky, we'll need to study it a little bit more closely to kind of see what the impact on our Kentucky operations might be. But I think going beyond 2017, clearly, we're going to look to incorporate whatever we may need to do to respond to the Clean Power Plan. And I think in PPL's case, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we do have the Compass program or project which is obviously a fairly large chunk of transmission spend that potentially start to come into our capital plans post-2017. So, we'll continue to monitor that specific project and any other transmission projects as we go forward. So, I think those would be kind of the key drivers, Dan.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And I guess, Bill, anything about the CPP? I know it's early, but how do you – what kind of dialogs are you having with the states particularly in Kentucky? And how are you planning to work with those different states and trying to devise plans or work with them to try and meet with the EPAs laying out from a goal perspective?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Relative to Kentucky, I'll ask Vic Staffieri to give you more color on that. Go ahead, Vic.
Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Kentucky Utilities Co.: Yes. We have been meeting with the state, as have the other utilities, to try to develop a program that best accommodates the earlier draft of the CPP. We now understand that the new one is coming out today. There may be some stricter requirements. I'm confident that we'll go back to the commission and work with them to find a way that meets those requirements and in best interest of all of our stakeholders. I think we have, in place, the regulatory structures to allow us to recover the cost. We were looking at a power plant that we were going to put in place in 2018. We've delayed that a little bit, and we still have – we know where we want to put it. We know where the transmission would be. And those are kinds of some the options we would look at. We have a very favorable DSM program in recovery. If we have to accelerate that, we can. So, I think we have the regulatory tools to accommodate it, but until I see the final – we see the final requirements today, it's hard for us to comment definitively. But we do have a good relationship with our commission. We have been working on putting in place a program to accommodate the previous draft of the CPP. And I'm confident that we'll work again once we get these final regulations out.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks. I just want to ask one additonal one on the UK performance. Obviously, you guys keep doing better each quarter than probably we were expecting or even where guidance has fallen out. Can you just give a little color, more holistically, as to what's going on in the UK that allows you guys to keep exceeding expectations? And are you set up in a way where you're going to maybe do better than this normalized flat growth over the next couple of years?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Rick, why don't you take that question? I think overall, Dan, that the UK continues for us to be a tremendous success story. I think you've seen us consistently outperform, and, obviously, we believe we're the best network operator in the UK. And clearly, our integration of the central networks went exceptionally well and really was just flawless. So, Vince commented that we believe it's a premium jurisdiction and it's really going to help bring cash back. It's going to help fund our domestic growth as well and support the dividend. So, in terms of outperformance going forward, maybe Rick, you could talk about some of the things that might drive the outperformance as we look to the future.
Rick L. Klingensmith - President, PPL Global, Inc.: Now, Bill, as you mentioned, the outperformance, especially in customer service, customer reliability, that we have announced in the last Q1 earnings call about $130 million of incentive revenue that resulted from our performance for the regulatory year ending in March. This year, though, as you look at our outperformance, we had also discussed that, in Vince's remarks, that in Q1, we did talk about an asset life extension. We had a major engineering study that we had performed at the end of our last regulatory period here as we head into RIIO-ED1. And as a result, we did extend the asset lives of a number of our assets. And so the 2015 outperformance and the reason we can increase guidance for 2015 was really driven by the lower depreciation expense than what we had expected or planned for, for this year.
Dan L. Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thank you, guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. So, first, quick question here, just where do we stand on synergies and parent cost guidance after the spin here? I suppose that's a first consideration? Then in tandem with that, I'd also be curious, given the charge today, how do you think about tax benefits and ability to bring back cash from UK to the consequence of the charge as well. How did that play into your tax planning, if you will?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Let me start and then I'll ask Vince to supplement my comments. But I think first on the corporate shared services cost or what we've called dyssynergies of the spin transaction, we've done an excellent job of identifying how we were planning to reduce many of those shared services costs that otherwise would be stranded. And we're well on track, if not ahead of plan on that. We're actually looking at opportunities for additional synergies or cost reductions as we go forward. So, I think we've done a really great job of addressing what could have been a drag on earnings. And as I mentioned in my initial remarks, part of the growth, domestically, that we're going to see comes from corporate shared services costs coming in lower than we had originally expected. So with that brief bit of background, maybe Vince, you want to put some more details around those two questions.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. So, Julien, let me cover your tax question. So, the spin, as I think you know, was designed to be a tax-free spin, so the $875 million loss was a pre and post tax number. There was no tax consequence of that, so the whole thing was treated as a tax-free transaction. So, really, no impact on our future tax position. I think extending bonus is probably the biggest item that would favorably, actually, impact our tax position going forward.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thanks, Vince.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: And then just last one, it's actually a little detailed question here. As you look at your FX hedging program, you've obviously shifted the – I suppose, the contango in the – or perhaps this contango that emerged in your hedging program for FX. Can you talk to that? Basically, in the quarter, did you shift hedges on FX or is this really just what's arrived that we're organically layering in FX hedges against each of the respective years 2015, 2016, 2017?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We did, Julien. We did shift some hedges from 2015 now into 2016 and 2017. The total impact for 2015 is about $0.035.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And would it be fair to say that's pretty similar to what the uplift is in subsequent years?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It is. Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Well, thank you, guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Just a quick follow-up on Julien's last question. So, essentially, the way I think about the hedged disclosure is you're doing well enough this year in terms of meeting your earnings guidance, that you're able to raise lower end of the guidance range while still moving some of the impact – moving essentially some of the benefits of hedging out a year, is that right?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That's correct, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Oh, that's good. Great. The second question is, as I think about the slide where you talked about the cash sources and uses, you give us a projection for 2015. If I look at that going out into 2016, it is right that the cash flow being repatriated back from U.K. rises to between $300 million and $500 million.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Fantastic. And then finally, the...
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Wait. I'm sorry. What – rephrase the question.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Yeah. You've got – page 16 of your cash repatriation guidance for the UK Regulated segment...
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Right.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: ...has cash coming back going from $290 million to between $300 million to $500 million?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Oh, yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So, all I'm saying is you show $290 million on the slide associated with cash coming back from the UK on that new cash sources and uses, on page 20.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: And that goes up to somewhere between $300 million and $500 million as they go out to 2016 to 2018.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I would expect the next few years to look – if you look at that cash available for reinvestment line, that $250 million, I would suspect it will be around that level improving a little bit over that period. Don't forget, we also had net about $130 million that we received from supply. So, that'll go away in the 2015 number, and that'll be replaced by the higher dividends from the UK. So...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Got it. Got it. Great. Okay. Thank you. And then, my final question is the CapEx and rate base forecast for 2019. I just want to be clear, does that include or exclude this potential Compass project in Pennsylvania?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That excludes it, Greg. It's not in there.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. Congratulations on the quarter.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much, Greg. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning. How are you?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Paul. Very good.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: My question has been answered, really. But just – could you just go over again what happened in terms of the charge associated with supply? Just if you could just break it down like what exactly is causing it to – what's actually driving that? I mean, if you could you just sort of break it down sort of layman's terms.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I'll let Vince take that one.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Paul. So, yeah. So, what happened was, we need to do an estimate of fair value at the date of spin, and then, compare that to the book value. And what we did was we used the combination of thee different valuation methodologies, basically two market approaches and one income approach which is a discounted cash flow approach. One of the market approaches was the use of a Talen market value of their equity as of the spinoff date which was the last day, as you know, of their when issued trading period. And so, that number – and we waited about a 50% weighting to that because it was publicly available information. And that was a lower number than we were expecting to end up at the end of when issued. So that, I think, drove some of the decrease in fair value, say, since year end and then just power prices have come off in PJM. So, I think when you look at the DCF, that was lower and the market approach was lower than what we were expecting combined resulted in about a $3.2 billion fair value against the $4.1 billion book value.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And is that pretty much over? We shouldn't expect anything going forward on this?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. No. Yeah. That's it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Gregg Orrill of Barclays. Please go ahead.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Gregg. Gregg?
Operator: Mr. Orrill, your line...
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sorry. I was on mute there. Sorry about that.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's okay. Go ahead.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the pay-out policy. As you look out into 2016 and beyond, I know you've talked about getting below a payout of the U.S. businesses and the cash flows from the UK. How are you looking at that going forward?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Just to be clear, Gregg, are you talking about the dividend payout ratio for the total dividend or just the dividends coming back from the UK?
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess really the dividend policy 2016, 2017, et cetera.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Yeah. So, I think where we sit today in the 65% to 70% range is, I think, a comfortable range for us to continue to be in. So, I think as Vince and I have stated in the past, we'll continue to look for opportunities to modestly raise the dividend, particularly as we're going through a fairly large CapEx spending program and post that large program look to see if we could enhance it even more. But I think where we are in terms of the dividend payout ratio today is fairly consistent with our new peer group, and we're fairly comfortable with it.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Stanley of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Keith T. Stanley - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. One quick clarification on the asset life extension and depreciation changes in the UK this year. I think it was a $0.10 benefit for this year. How much of that benefit was in your initial 2015 guidance and is it fair to assume it's fully baked into the updated guidance now?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, there was $0.10 year-over-year that represented about $0.06 better than expectation and yes, we have that. That basically continues going forward. So, that is in our updated guidance.
Keith T. Stanley - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So, there's $0.06 increment from the initial guidance to the updated guidance.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Keith T. Stanley - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Neel Mitra of Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I had a question on the ROE in the UK. You guys mentioned that it's roughly 15% to 18% through 2017. What's your overall target, I guess, once the UK earnings start to grow off at the 2017 base for that ROE?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, go ahead, Vince. I'll let you take a stab at that one.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. Neel, when you say 'target', you mean where do we think ROEs are going to be kind of in the middle of RIIO?
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Yeah. After you start growing there again since, I guess, there's three years of flat earnings there?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. So, I would say we kind of stay in the low to mid-teens out through 2019 would be our expectation. I think we're going out a little – a little too far even at that level, to be honest with you, to give you ROE projections. But still quite healthy ROEs as, I would say, even throughout RIIO.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And is 2017 the last year, I guess, of flat earnings, you start growing off of that base or could there be further years out where there's flat earnings?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, I think on the previous calls, we've really just talked about it being flat earnings through the 2017 period. And beyond that, beginning in 2018, we'll kind of assess as we go forward. Obviously, a key, in terms of earnings, for bringing back to the U.S. is going to be what the FX rates are, the RPI. There'll be a lot of other moving factors that could help or hurt the projection of earnings per share coming from the UK. So, I think it's a little early to make any significant projection at this point.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. And last question, with the RPI, if that were to come down, would there be some sort of – kind of pass-through with just lower O&M cost from your side or are you guys kind of managing the business as efficient as you can right now?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're always managing as efficient as we can. But I think to the extent that inflation is driving the RPI down, that could have a ripple effect – a positive ripple effect on our cost of maintaining the networks through lower contracted cost for either labor or material. So, yes, it could have a potential offset.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And that's not included in your sensitivity?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. We did – we updated the sensitivity to include all three components.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Our last question is from Brian Russo of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Brian.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Just referencing slide 5 and the pie chart with capital recovery and earning on investment, does that imply that you got a high level of confidence that you can earn your allowed ROEs or is there any sort of structural lag that we should incorporate in our outlooks?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think with the regulatory mechanisms we now have in place in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, our ability to earn near the authorized levels is greater than it's ever been, quite honestly. And so, I think the regulatory lag is minimal, probably, looking forward. And I'd also point to the fact that in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky, we're using forward test years which is the first time we've done that, historically. So, I think, those, combined with the regulatory mechanisms that we have all would suggest that we should be able to earn near the authorized levels with pretty minimal regulatory lag.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): So, you probably – so after the conclusion of the current pending Pennsylvania rate case and with the recent Kentucky rate case outcome, do you think you could stay out for a few years given the mechanisms you have in place?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think, in Kentucky, probably not because, number one, we're going to have to comply with the Clean Power Plan as talked to earlier on the call, which probably will drive some different decisions that are not incorporated in the plan today. In Pennsylvania, that potential depending on the outcome, how strong the outcome is of the current rate case would be a possibility. But until we get the outcome from the rate case, it's kind of hard to tell at this point.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And just lastly, can you quantify the lower amount of depreciation at the UK year-over-year?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We had indicated it was about $0.10 per share year-over-year.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: For the full year. On a full-year basis.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Soon, we'll be asset realized. I mean we are continuing to spend CapEx in the business, and so there is higher depreciation resulting from our additional spend. But just due to the engineering study that resulted in the asset realized, that the amount of $0.10 per share year-on-year change.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And lastly – and forgive me if I missed this earlier – but what's the total potential upside of, on an annual basis, for performance incentive revenues in the UK?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We indicated what we have built into our plan at this point. I believe we laid those numbers out on the last call. And if you go to slide 9 in the deck, you can see there for 2015, it's $125 million; 2016, it's $122 million to $130 million; in 2017, $80 million to $100 million; and 2018, $60 million to $90 million. So, the upper ends of those ranges would be kind of our expectation of kind of the upper end of the outperformance. It's not necessarily the maximum, but it's kind of our guesstimate, if you will, at this point or best estimate of the ranges that we will likely fall into.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No problem.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today and appreciate the questions and look forward to speaking with you on the next earnings call. Thank you, operator, as well.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein - Director-Investor Relations William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Paul A. Farr - President - PPL Energy Supply and PPL Generation, PPL Corp. Rick L. Klingensmith - President, PPL Global and PPL Energy Services, PPL Corp.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Welcome to the PPL Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein. Please go ahead..
Joseph P. Bergstein - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Amy. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to earnings and ongoing operations or ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For reconciliation to the GAAP measure, you should refer to the press release which has been posted on our website and has been filed with the SEC. As a reminder, Talen Energy has filed its Form S-1 Registration Statement with the SEC. And although the registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC, we remain in a quiet period with respect to future prospects of PPL Energy Supply and Talen until the completion of the spin-off as previously announced on June 1. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you've joined us today. With me on the call are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer; and the presidents of our four business segments. Moving to slide three, our agenda this morning starts with an overview of our 2015 first quarter earnings results, an operational overview and a discussion of our 2015 earnings forecast. After my remarks, Vince will review our segment financials. He'll also provide an update on our U.K. operations including our improved currency hedge status, a new look at our sensitivity changes in RPI, or U.K. inflation, and our enhanced ability to repatriate cash. Then we will take your questions. The first quarter of 2015 marked a successful start to the year for PPL. We achieved strong earnings results overall with solid performance across our regulated utility businesses. The competitive Supply segment also turned in a solid performance despite ongoing challenging market conditions. As I'll describe in more detail shortly, we're on track to complete the spinoff of Supply on June 1. Turning to slide four. Today, we announced first quarter 2015 reported earnings of $0.96 per share, an increase of $0.47 from our first quarter 2014 results. Adjusting for special items, our regulated utility earnings from ongoing operations were $0.77 per share, up 17% from first-quarter of 2014, adjusted regulated utility results. If you recall from our 2014 year-end earnings call, we discussed excluding the Supply segment earnings and net costs associated with the Supply spinoff from our ongoing earnings to provide results for our regulated utility operations. This approach provides our investors with a clearer picture of the financial performance of the going forward part of our PPL portfolio. Consistent with that approach, we've adjusted the ongoing earnings on this slide to focus on our regulated utility operations. With regard to regulated utility earnings from ongoing operations, I'm pleased with the increase we achieved in the first quarter compared with the same period a year ago. Strong first quarter earnings at our U.K. Regulated segment drove the 17% increase. Vince will provide more details on all the quarterly results during his remarks. Let's move to slide five for a discussion of our 2015 earnings forecast. Based on first quarter performance, we're reaffirming our 2015 forecast range of $2.05 to $2.25 per share for regulated utility earnings from ongoing operations. The midpoint of this range, $2.15 per share, is approximately 5.9% higher than the adjusted ongoing earnings from our utility operations in 2014. Our 2014 adjusted regulated utility earnings from ongoing operations removes Supply earnings and includes the full impact of dissynergies related to the spinoff of Supply, including indirect O&M, interest and depreciation. Based on the continued excellent performance of our utility operations, the organic growth from planned, and approved infrastructure investments and the results of our corporate restructuring efforts, we remain very confident in our ability to achieve compound annual growth in earnings of 4% to 6% through at least 2017. As shown here on slide five, for 2015, we're anticipating small increases in earnings in our U.K. and Kentucky utilities and slightly lower earnings in our Pennsylvania utility. The slide also shows the significant improvement in the corporate and other category that we expect to realize as a result of our ongoing corporate support cost reductions, including the $75 million of dissynergies we discussed at the time we announced the spinoff. At the outset of the year, I mentioned that 2015 is very much a transitional year for PPL. On April the 1st, our U.K. Regulated segment transitioned to the new RIIO-ED1 eight-year price control period. On June 1, the spin-off of our Supply business and creation of Talen Energy will be completed. In Kentucky, we expect our rate case to be concluded in the second quarter with new rates taking effect July 1. And in Pennsylvania, we filed a rate case in late March, and we're working through the Public Utility Commission's review process. All these 2015 initiatives are on track, and we're really pleased with the progress thus far. Now, let's turn to slide six for an update on our Kentucky Regulated operations. We continue to make progress on our Kentucky rate proceedings, reaching a settlement agreement in April with all the parties in the base rate cases before the Kentucky Public Service Commission. If the settlement is approved by the commission, it will result in an increase of $125 million in annual base electricity rates at Kentucky Utilities and a $7 million increase in annual base gas rates at Louisville Gas & Electric. The settlement focuses on the total amount of costs we can recover rather than establishing a return on equity with respect to base rates. While this settlement did not establish an ROE for base rates, we will earn a 10% return on equity investment related to the environmental cost recovery mechanism and our gas line tracker mechanism. The settlement agreement also provides for deferred cost recovery on a portion of the costs associated with pensions and Kentucky Utilities Green River plant, which is scheduled to be retired in April of 2016. We're pleased we were able to reach an unanimous settlement with the parties to the case. As I mentioned, we anticipate that new rates will go into effect on July 1 of this year. We also continue to focus on major capital projects in Kentucky. Recent milestones include the retirement of our Cane Run Unit 6 coal-fired generating unit, the first of three units that are being retired at that facility. The retirement comes as the company prepares to bring its new Cane Run 7 combined cycle gas-fired unit online later this quarter. Turning to slide seven. On March 31, we filed a request with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for an increase of $167.5 million in annual distribution revenue requirement at PPL Electric Utilities. This request is driven by investments we're making to renew, strengthen and modernize our Pennsylvania delivery network. If approved by the PUC, we expect the increase to take effect January 1, 2016. We're also set to energize the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line in just a few days. This $630 million project represents a major upgrade to the nation's electric grid. The new 500 KV power line will strengthen reliability for millions of people in the Northeast. The three-year project created significant economic development benefits in both Pennsylvania and New Jersey, including the creation of about 2,000 construction jobs. This project was one of seven projects nationwide to be fast-tracked by the Obama Administration's Rapid Response Team recognizing its importance. Building a major transmission line like this requires a tremendous amount of planning, communication and cooperation with many different stakeholders, including government agencies, PSEG, our neighboring utility who partner with us on the construction of the line, local officials and the public. Many people were involved in making this project a success. I appreciate their dedication and the achievement. This project is a great example of our ability to execute major capital projects that add value for both customers and shareowners. Turning to slide eight, let's briefly discuss domestic weather-normalized sales for the year and the quarter. In Kentucky, weather-normalized sales for the first quarter were down about 0.5% with residential, commercial, and industrial usage all lower compared to a year ago. Kentucky experienced lower sales volumes due to a longer period of cold weather in the first quarter of 2014 versus 2015 as well as more extreme weather last year compared to this year. As you can see, first quarter weather normalized 2015 sales were also lower in Pennsylvania than in the first quarter of 2014. The decrease was driven by lower residential and industrial sales offset slightly by higher commercial sales. The 2015 weather-normalized sales are 1.2% below 2014. Similar to Kentucky, weather-normalized sales comparisons to 2014 are difficult due to extreme weather impacts. Although the winter of 2015 was slightly colder than the winter of 2014, 2014's polar vortex was much more volatile with more temperature swings. On a rolling 12-month basis, total weather-normalized sales in both Kentucky and Pennsylvania were essentially flat for the 12 months ending March 31, 2015, compared to the previous 12-month period. Moving to slide nine, we continue to make significant progress related to the spinoff of our competitive generation business, which will be combined with Riverstone's competitive generation business to form Talen Energy. We've now received all the necessary regulatory approvals to complete the transaction including from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Department of Justice, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. We expect to close on the transaction June 1. Talen Energy common stock is expected to begin trading on a when-issued basis on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TLN WI, beginning on May 18. On June 2, regular-way trading of Talen Energy common stock will begin under the symbol TLN. Immediately following the transaction, PPL shareowners will own 65% of Talen Energy's outstanding common stock with Riverstone's affiliates owning the remaining 35%. The PPL Board of Directors has declared a pro-rata distribution to PPL shareowners of record on May 20. The distribution ratio is expected to be approximately 0.125 Talen shares for each PPL share and will take place on June 1. PPL will announce the definitive distribution ratio promptly after the record date based on the actual number of PPL shares outstanding on that date. Our PPL and Talen transition teams have done a great job of coordinating a transition process that will allow Talen Energy to operate safely and efficiently on day one and result in a lower cost corporate structure for PPL going forward. Before turning the call over to Vince, I would reiterate that we had a solid start to 2015 and we we're able to reach a settlement in the rate case in Kentucky. And as Vince is going to review shortly, PPL's got a strong foundation for future success as a pure play regulated utility company. PPL is taking significant steps, as many of you know, to preserve and create shareowner value over the last several years. As we approach June 1, which will consummate the formation of Talen Energy, I want to just take a moment to thank all the PPL employees and future Talen employees that have made this significant effort possible and for all the past contributions of our PPL Energy Supply employees. I'd also like to thank Paul Farr for his leadership, not only with the spin of our Energy Supply business, but also for the seven years he spent as PPL's CFO. I appreciate all they've done and wish them much success. I'll now ask Vince to provide an update on the first quarter segment results. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to slide 10. Today I will be comparing our regulated utility earnings results to our adjusted 2014 results. As Bill indicated, the adjusted 2014 results exclude the earnings from the Supply segment, and adjust for the dissynergies related to the spin. These adjustments are consistent in approach with the full-year adjustments we made to our 2014 year-end results. I will discuss our Supply segment results separately. Our first quarter regulated utility earnings from ongoing operations increased over last year, driven primarily by higher earnings from the U.K. Regulated segment and in an improvement in corporate and other while the Kentucky Regulated and Pennsylvania Regulated segments remained flat to a year-ago. Although weather was flat for the domestic utilities compared to last year, it was better than normal by about $0.03. And while earnings from ongoing operations in the U.K. increased significantly in the quarter compared to year-ago, we continue to expect earnings for this segment to be up only slightly on a full-year basis. This is driven by lower utility revenues as we transitioned to RIIO-ED1 on April 1 of this year, offset by improvements in income taxes, depreciation expense and the effects of foreign currency. The increase in corporate and other earnings from ongoing operations was primarily due to the benefits of the corporate restructuring as we expected. As we've mentioned, corporate restructuring effort is well under way and we are already beginning to see those benefits. At this point, we fully expect to be able to achieve the targeted $75 million in corporate support cost savings we discussed during our previous calls. The Supply first quarter earnings from ongoing operations also remain the same as the first quarter 2014. Let's move to a more detailed review of the first quarter segment earnings drivers, starting with the U.K. results on slide 11. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.50 per share in the first quarter 2015, a $0.09 increase compared to the same period last year. This increase was due to higher utility revenue due primarily to higher prices, partially offset by lower volumes. Lower depreciation expense driven by the completion of a periodic useful life assessment of certain fixed assets that resulted in an extension of our network asset lives, which was partially offset by an increase in depreciation due to asset additions. Lower financing costs due to lower interest on our index linked debt, favorable effects from foreign currency and lower income taxes and other from a lower U.K. tax rate and lower U.S. taxes on dividends in 2015. Moving to slide 12. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.16 per share in the first quarter of 2015, flat compared to a year ago. This result was due to higher gross margins from returns on additional environmental capital investments, partially offset by lower sales volumes due to less favorable weather compared to last year, and higher income taxes. Turning to slide 13. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.13 per share in the first quarter, also comparable to last year. This was primarily due to higher margins from additional transmission investments, partially offset by a benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2014 from a change in estimate of a regulatory liability. Higher margins were offset by higher depreciation due to asset additions. Finishing our segment review with Supply on slide 14, this segment earned $0.11 per share in the first quarter of 2015, the same as year ago, despite the benefit of the unusually cold weather we experienced in Q1 of last year. Excluding the $0.03 weather impact from 2014, the results were higher primarily due to higher energy prices, favorable base load generation and higher intermediate and peaking margins offset by lower capacity prices, lower results from full requirement sales contracts and certain other commodity positions. We also had lower payroll cost and lower financing cost compared to last year. Moving to slide 15. On this slide, we detail our GBP hedging status for 2015, 2016 and 2017 including sensitivities for a $0.05 and $0.10 downward movement in the exchange rate compared to our budgeted rate of $1.60. First, we continue to be hedged at 97% for the remainder of 2015 at an average rate of $1.60. For 2016, we increased our hedge percentage slightly from 70% at year-end to 72% today at an average rate of $1.61. We also started to layer in hedges for 2017 during the quarter and we are now 20% hedged for 2017 at an average rate of $1.60. You can see from the sensitivity table that there is basically no exposure for the remainder of 2015, minimal exposure in 2016 and about $0.04 of exposure in 2017 if our average hedged rate is $1.55, and $0.07 of exposure if it's $1.50. Also on this slide, we are showing an RPI sensitivity. Under the RIIO methodology, our revenues for the 2015-2016 regulatory year were set using a 2.6% inflation rate. Our revenues in the 2017-2018 time period will reflect a true-up for the actual inflation rate for the 2015-2016 regulatory year. Current RPI forecasts using the HM Treasury forecast of the U.K. economy would suggest a 2015-2016 inflation rate of about 2% compared to the 2.6% included in our current revenues. Therefore, we are providing a sensitivity for a 0.5% downward move in RPI for the 2015-2016 time period. RPI forecasts for 2016 and beyond are either at or above our assumed 3%. RPI affects three primary financial drivers for WPD: our revenues, our O&M, and the interest expense on our index-linked debt. The lower RPI we are currently experiencing does not have a significant effect on our 2015 or 2016 U.K. earnings guidance we provided during our year-end call. For 2017, since this is the first year we see the RPI true-up in revenues, the lower 2015-2016 RPI of 50 basis points or RPI of about 2% would have a negative effect on earnings of about $0.02 per share in 2017. Moving to slide 16, we're providing an updated view of our cash repatriation ability in the U.K. Since our year-end update, we continue to evaluate our ability to repatriate cash from the U.K. We expect to increase our 2015 cash repatriation by about 10% over the information we provided on the year-end earnings call to about $300 million. We believe we have additional capacity beyond that and for 2016 and 2017, we now forecast that we can bring up to $500 million per year. We're showing ranges here of $300 million to $500 million for 2016 and 2017, as we will determine the amount based on our domestic cash needs at that time. We recognize that at $300 million of U.K. distributions per year, the domestic payout ratio to fund our dividend was over 100% beginning in 2016. With our ability to dividend between $300 million and $500 million a year from WPD over the next few years, we would target to get the domestic payout ratio back under 100% for 2016 and continue to lower that domestic payout ratio in 2017 and 2018. We are confident we can fund the PPL dividend and continue to grow it modestly while we are in this period of high CapEx spending. Before I turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A, I also want to provide an update on our expectations for bonus revenues in the U.K., since we receive a lot of questions on this topic. As we enter the RIIO-ED1 price control period, we expect to earn lower bonus revenues as our ability to outperform will be more challenging, given the tighter performance targets under RIIO. Rick Klingensmith has discussed this topic on our previous call. This will result in lower bonus revenues starting in 2017. Our business plan assumes $120 million of bonus revenues for 2015, between $120 million and $130 million for 2016, and between $80 million and $100 million for 2017. And, for 2018, when the full impact of the tighter performance targets is seen, we would expect to earn between $60 million and $90 million in bonus revenues. That concludes my prepared remarks. And, I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period. Bill?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Vince. Before we get to the Q&A, and as Vince just described, PPL is continuing to optimize our U.K. plans under Rio and providing investors with enhanced disclosures. We think this additional information will be helpful to better understand our U.K. business and the exceptional value we feel it provides to our regulated portfolio. We'll continue to enhance our disclosures in the future as well once we get to Talen spin behind us. And with that, operator, let's please open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Greg Gordon at Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Good morning, gentlemen.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So, just a few questions on the regulated segments. So, you came in obviously with a big increase in Q1 in the U.K. Regulated segment. So basically you expect the headwinds from the lower revenues to fully offset that in the next three quarters and come in flat for the year or did you come in slightly ahead or behind of your budget, what you expected in Q1?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Vince, you want to take that question?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. How're you doing, Greg? Yeah, I would say we came in slightly ahead of budget for the quarter, but based on the forecast going through the rest of the year, we would still expect to maintain our original forecast of around $1.38.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then this $0.02 headwind in 2017 associated with the 50 basis point sensitivity to RPI, does that assume that you're unable to offset that with any sort of cost reductions? One would presume if inflation is tracking below trend that your costs might also be somewhat flexible and track below trend?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, that would be net of all three components that I discussed.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. In Kentucky, what percentage of that $132 million should you get approval of the settlement, would you expect to flow in the revenue in the second half of 2015?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, Greg. Could you repeat that question again?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: How much of the $132 million annualized rate increase that is codified in the settlement would actually flow into 2015 revenue if it's approved as currently proposed?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. It would be about half, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And then the timing, sorry.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Let me just rewind a bit back to the answer on the U.K.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Yeah.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think that $0.02 that we're talking about on the RPI would not include any potential offsets that we might achieve based on lower inflation that could impact O&M.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So, in other words, if inflation is tracking below expectations, costs might also track below expectations and mitigate that $0.02 impact?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That is correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. And then the timing of the decision in Pennsylvania, based on the filing, when would you expect to get a revenue decision?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so, the based on the normal flow, it'd be December we'd get the final ruling from the PUC.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then last question. You've given us a couple years of visibility on your expectation for U.K. earnings. Given the headwind of the expected bonus revenue decline from $125 million at the midpoint to $90 million to $75 million, when do you expect to get on a playing field in the U.K. where you would expect to have the opportunity to show growth in the earnings power of that business? Is it the 2018 fiscal year 2019, 2020? When do we get to the point where sort all the headwinds have been mitigated and you start to grow again?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It would really began in around the 2018 timeframe, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So in 2018, you're confident you could overcome that last negative step-down?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's kind of the base year. I think that's – yeah, 2018 is kind of the base year, because that's the last year when we do the step-down or reflect the lower new bonus revenue that we just disclosed today and then it would be a trajectory off of that.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So 2018 through the end of the current rate period?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you, guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Eggers at Credit Suisse.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Good morning. Just a couple questions. One, I guess the U.K. elections are upon us, can you just give any thoughts of what effect that may have on your business or with the RIIO in place, are you guys well protected at this point?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think we feel pretty confident that the U.K. election would have no material effect on us. We would expect, as you've probably read as well, probably a coalition government would get established. As you know, we've have already got our license, it's been approved and well in hand. And on the distribution side of the business, we would really not expect any material change.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, just wanted to make sure. And then with the load growth, you're kind of showing negative on a weather normalized basis. Should we read much into that as it being hard to disaggregate weather in the volatile first quarters the last two years or is there something more structural going on as far as the lack of recovery in usage?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think you hit on it. I think it's just a difficult thing to model and so I wouldn't read anything through on the first quarter results at all.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): If we look at the trailing 12 months versus trailing 12 months, it still has some of that same friction, is the first quarter of both years skewing that number enough that we should probably disregard those as well?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that would be our opinion. Yeah.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And are you comfortable with kind of the low-drift forecast you guys have given previously on a normalized basis?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We are, we've said about 0.5% per year of low growth, and we still think that's a reasonable expectation.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And I guess the U.K. looks a little bit better for this year at this point, and I'm going to guess utilities maybe a little bit behind plan, not much but a little. Are you thinking that the base of the U.K. should cover any sort of load weakness you might have had in the first part of the year?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think it has for the first quarter certainly and we didn't update, obviously, the guidance despite a really strong first quarter, just because we're early in the year. And we've got the summer to go which, obviously, from a weather standpoint, could have a material effect potentially, depending on how the weather turns out, on utility earnings.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Dan, I would just add that I think the domestic utilities first quarter results are very consistent with what we were expecting. They're not behind.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Very good. Thank you, guys.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Weinstein at UBS.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: I was wondering if you could talk about the tax consequences of the repatriation?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, Vince.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. No incremental U.S. income tax as a result of the additional cash repatriation.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, a separate question on PJM's capacity auction that's coming up. Wondering if you could kind of highlight what kinds of assets you think might be base versus capacity performance and in your own fleet as well as other assets outside of your fleet, and what you think might be the differential or would cause the differential between the pricing that will count for each category
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Let me ask Paul Farr to address that question.
Paul A. Farr - President - PPL Energy Supply and PPL Generation, PPL Corp.: Okay. For our own fleet as we think about the way the rules came out in more final form in December versus the original October white paper, other than a de-rate for the hydro facilities in PJM, I would see the entirety of our fleet qualifying on the PPL Energy Supply side, really as well as the PJM assets on the Riverstone qualifying for CP. Which assets would be likely bid based by a generation owner based upon risk and what asset classes like DR – like limited DR that wouldn't qualify for an annual bid because it's a full-year requirement for CP, but the limited wouldn't. And I think a lot of that it would be tough to group together some of that other DR. So I think a lot of that kind of falls out to base. And then even though we've got really strong EFORds for our fleet, if you've got coal assets that have been very challenged economically and you've not been putting capital into the plan and you have a very hard time forecasting a forced outage rate, so it becomes very difficult to predict penalties. I think you effectively bid those base simply because you're not willing to take the penalty exposure. And then the other assets that are in the system like our hydro assets that would get de-rated or renewables assets that get de-rated all as well kind of fall out. And if they are bid in, they would be at fractional percentages of their base or name-plate capacity.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Right. So you see all of your assets in the CP category?
Paul A. Farr - President - PPL Energy Supply and PPL Generation, PPL Corp.: That's correct.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: And do you think there will be a big price differential between CP and base?
Paul A. Farr - President - PPL Energy Supply and PPL Generation, PPL Corp.: I think there will be a reasonably sized price differential between CP and base. By definition, if you're in base, if you've got your plan hedged, you still have the LMP penalty of not running your unit and you have sold forward the power. We have that today in the BRA auctions up to this point in payment. (33:47) But because of the penalty exposure of nonperformance in CP, it's very, I think, rational and economically logical that people are going to have to bid that risk into their required results from CP and you're going to see those risks bid into prices and the CP clearing at higher than base.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, Paul.
Paul A. Farr - President - PPL Energy Supply and PPL Generation, PPL Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson at Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Most of my questions have been asked and answered. But just, if you could elaborate a little bit more on how you guys went about hedging the currency for 2017. Just in general, are you guys using options or did the forward actually get up to $1.60? Sorry to be so sort of – I don't have all the data in front of me.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. It did not get up to the $1.60. It did get quite strong there for a while. It's backed off a little bit, but it's still above $1.50 and I think yesterday it was about $1.52. But I'll let Vince describe what tools we're using and how we hedged 2017.
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. So, Paul, what we did was for the – as you know, our 2015 hedges are well in the money, because we hedged those north of, in some cases, $1.60. And so, what we were able to do was basically reprice some of our 2015 in the money hedges, lower the strikes a little bit on those. And that enabled us to basically get in the money hedges out in 2017. And so, the impact of doing that is actually about a $0.02 hit to 2015, but it enabled us to preserve about 20% of our hedge levels in 2017 at our budgeted rate of $1.60.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So, you guys are taking advantage of some in the money hedges this year, and swapping it into 2017, and for what seems to be kind of small cost of $0.02 a share. Does that make, am I getting it right?
Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Essentially, yes.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's a good summary.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. That's it, thanks so much.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lapides at Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys, congrats on a good start of the year. Can you talk – now that you're beginning the first days of RIIO, I mean you've known it's coming for a while. Can you talk about opportunities for O&M or expense management you see over the next couple years in the U.K?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me – Michael, I'll ask Rick Klingensmith to comment on that.
Rick L. Klingensmith - President, PPL Global and PPL Energy Services, PPL Corp.: Good morning, Michael. You're right, as we head into RIIO, we're heading into a new regulatory regime that's primarily related with the revenue side of the equation and how the regulator is rewarding us for both costs as well as innovation and on the incentive standpoint. From an operating cost standpoint, though, what you've seen us perform in the last couple years, especially with the Midlands properties, will just continue from an operating standpoint into the future. So, our expectation is not a very significant or material change in the way we operate the business and the way we're performing on the business to deliver the high levels of reliability, the high levels of customer service. We will continue to seek out areas of efficiency and use technology in any other applications that we can going forward and we will expect some level of ongoing efficiencies, but probably not at the same level you saw as we had with the changes that we made with the Midlands properties. And so from a cost standpoint, though, it's almost pretty much business as usual as we move into the RIIO period with the major effect from RIIO affecting how the revenues are paid out.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then in the U.S., how are you thinking about the next cycle of rate cases, meaning you've got a Kentucky settlement, you're into the process in Pennsylvania, what happens now? Do you stay out for a number of years in both places? Do you have a limited amount of time and then you're back in filing in front of regulators? How are you thinking about just kind of the cycle?
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well as we continue to deploy capital and look for cost efficiencies, it's an ongoing evaluation of when or if there is a need to go back in. Clearly in Kentucky, we've still got quite a bit of work to do to meet the match rules and conclude some of the plans, but in that case the bulk of that capital is going to be through the tracker mechanisms that we have there. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, this settlement that we have before the Kentucky Public Service Commission would have us at a 10% ROE for that spending. So, it's really just kind of an ongoing evaluation and, at this time, as Greg just filed his rate case in Pennsylvania, that's going to take some time to play out. So, yet to be determined what that cycle may look like in the future.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks, guys, much appreciated.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. Operator, do we have any other questions in the queue?
Operator: There are currently no questions in the queue, if you'd like to make any closing comments.
William H. Spence - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, very good. Thanks for joining us today. We'll look to speak with you on the next quarterly earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein -  William H. Spence - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Gregory N. Dudkin - Principal Executive Officer, President and Director Paul A. Farr - President of PPL Energy Supply Rick L. Klingensmith - President of PPL Energy Services Group LLC and President of PPL Global Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman of LG&E & KU Energy LLC, Chief Executive Officer of LG&E & KU Energy LLC and President of LG&E & KU Energy LLC
Analysts: Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Emily. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. We will refer to ongoing earnings, a non-GAAP measure, on this call. For a reconciliation to the GAAP measure you should refer to the press release, which has been posted on our website and has been filed with the SEC. And as a reminder, Talen Energy has filed its Form S1 registration statement with the SEC, and as such, we are in a quiet period with respect to future prospects of PPL Energy Supply and Talen. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased that you're joining us this morning. With me on the call today are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer, and the presidents of our 4 business segments. Moving to Slide 3. Our agenda this morning starts with an overview of our 2014 earnings results, an operational overview and a discussion of our 2015 earnings forecast. After my remarks, Vince will review our segment financials, and we'll talk about the recent movement of the pound sterling, and then, we're going to take your questions. On a number of fronts, 2014 was another very successful year for PPL. We achieved strong earnings results in our regulated utility segments and a competitive Supply segment, also, turned in a solid performance despite the continued challenging market conditions. And we made significant progress towards the spinoff of our supply business, which is designed to unlock significant value for our shareowners. The continued excellent performance of our utility, operations and our ongoing infrastructure investments in those companies together with the successful restructuring of our corporate support functions, give us confidence in PPL's ability to achieve compound growth in earnings of 4% to 6% through at least 2017 following the spinoff of the supply business. Turning to Slide 4. Today, we announced 2014 reported earnings of $2.61 per share, an increase of $0.85 from our 2013 results. Adjusting for special items, our 2014 earnings from ongoing operations were $2.45 per share, matching the level that we achieved in 2013, despite significantly lower hedged power prices in our supply business. I'm very pleased, we're able to match our 2013 ongoing earnings per share this year with a solid financial performance of our regulated utilities, primarily in Pennsylvania and the U.K., offsetting the $0.10 decline we saw in supply. For the fourth quarter, reported earnings were $1.04 per share, compared with a loss of $0.16 per share a year ago. Earnings per share from ongoing operations were $0.58 in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared with $0.60 in 2013. For the year, our utility operations in United States and the United Kingdom improved earnings from ongoing operations by combined $116 million or 8.5%. The primary drivers for this impressive performance are returns on additional transmission investments in Pennsylvania, higher returns as a result of power plant environmental projects in Kentucky and higher utility revenues resulting from U.K. price increases. Vince will provide more details on segment results during his remarks. Let's move to Slide 4 -- 5 rather for a discussion of our 2015 earnings forecast. As we said in our news release this morning, going forward, we're excluding from our forecast any earnings from our supply business and the net cost associated with the supply spinoff. We believe this approach provides our investors with a clearer picture of the financial performance of the ongoing portfolio of PPL. As we previously communicated, we're restricted in providing supply or Talen forecast while in registration with the SEC. We appreciate everyone's patience during this process, I know that Paul and his team are very excited to communicate the full Talen story, which will occur as soon as possible following the spin. We provided an update to PPL Energy Supply's hedge profile in the appendix of today's presentation material, consistent with our prior practice. Our 2015 forecast range for earnings from our regulated utility operations is $2.05 to $2.25 per share, unchanged from what we provided with our June announcement of the Talen transaction. The midpoint of this range is $2.15, which is 5.9% higher than the adjusted ongoing earnings from our utility operations in 2014. Our 2014 adjusted regulated utility earnings from ongoing operations removed supply earnings and includes the full impact of dissynergies related to the spinoff of supply, including indirect O&M, interest and depreciation. Vince will cover this in more detail during his remarks. As I mentioned earlier, the excellent performance of our utility operations and the organic growth from planned and approved infrastructure investments gives us great confidence in our ability to achieve compound growth in earnings of 4% to 6% through at least 2017 following the supply spinoff. The slide shows that we're anticipating slight increases in earnings in our U.K. and Kentucky utilities and slightly lower earnings in our Pennsylvania utility. This slide also shows a significant improvement in the corporate and other category that we expect to realize as the result of our ongoing corporate support cost reductions, including the $75 million of dissynergies we discussed at the time of the announcement. In addition to the Talen spinoff, 2015 is a transitional year for PPL in many other ways. In the U.K., we're moving to the RIIO regulatory construct, and we are in rate cases in Kentucky and expect to file a rate case during the year in Pennsylvania as well. Growth in earnings in 2015 comes largely from the corporate restructuring efforts, but growth beyond 2015 will be driven by our utility companies. Now let's turn to Slide 6 for an update on our Regulated operations. We're very pleased to note that WPD was recently named Utility of the Year by the international edition of Utility Week. This marks back-to-back years that PPL companies were named Utility of the Year. In judging WPD as the winner, a panel of industry experts scrutinized the business performance in terms of customer satisfaction, stakeholder return, sustainability and corporate social responsibility, staff development and stakeholder relationship. We congratulate the employees of WPD for this impressive achievement, and this recognition underscores the value we see in our U.K. business, as a key component of the portfolio going forward. Back in the U.S., progress is continuing on our rate cases in Kentucky. As we told you in November, we've requested increases in annual base electric rates of $30 million and $150 million at LG&E and KU, respectively, and an increase in annual base gas rates of $14 million at LG&E. The increases are principally driven by investments in generation supply and other infrastructure investments needed to maintain and enhance the safe and reliable delivery of electricity and natural gas to our customers and to meet federal environmental regulations. We anticipate that the new rates will go into effect on July 1st of this year. A timeline for the rate case consideration is included in today's appendix. In 2014, we also continued to focus on major capital projects in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, with capital spending for the domestic utilities of approximately $2.3 billion during the year. In Pennsylvania, nearly $350 million was spent on our 2 largest transmission projects, Susquehanna-Roseland and the Northeast/Pocono projects, which are now 95% and 60% complete, respectively. $140 million was spent on disk projects improving the reliability of our distribution system, while earning a near real time return. In Kentucky, some key construction achievements were reached as new environmental systems were completed in 2014 for 2 of the units at our KU gen station, and for 1 of the units at our LG&E Mill Creek station. The gen landfill and ash transport system also became operational during the year. Construction of our new Kentucky combined cycle gas unit Cane Run 7 is on schedule with commercial operation in the unit estimated to begin by the end of May this year. Turning to Slide 7. Let's briefly discuss domestic weather-normalized sales for the year and the quarter. In Kentucky, weather-normalized sales for the year were essentially flat with lower residential and commercial sales being offset by continued strong industrial sector growth. Industrial sector growth is driven by solid production levels being maintained by several of our large manufacturing customers amid improving economic conditions. Fourth quarter sales in Kentucky were lower because of the decline in residential and commercial sales, that was somewhat offset by industrial growth. The residential and commercial downturn is attributable to the continued slow growth or decline in several rural parts of Kentucky and Virginia. As you can see, sales increased slightly in Pennsylvania in 2014, with the industrial category showing the strongest growth. The industrial sales growth is occurring, primarily, in the cement, metal and steel sectors. Pennsylvania weather-normalized sales in the fourth quarter showed slightly higher commercial sector use than was the case last year. That increase resulted from a higher customer count this year, as a result of improving economic conditions. Moving to Slide 8. Looking back on 2014, I'd like to highlight a few key accomplishments at the Supply segment. In November, we completed the sale of the Montana Hydro electro facilities to NorthWestern Energy for about $900 million. As a reminder, these cash proceeds remain with PPL following the spin, and we expect to use them to fund utility infrastructure investments and pay down holding company debt in Kentucky this year. Looking into overall portfolio performance, we executed very well in 2014, outperforming our initial margin projections due to expanded spark spreads, fleet optimization and availability during peak load periods and our strategic hedging program that captured incremental value even when our units were uneconomic to dispatch. You can see from the chart in the appendix on Slide 28 that we experienced some coal-to-gas switching this year, as low gas prices enabled our combined cycle gas units to continue to run like baseload units. Further we see market reforms, such as PGM's proposed capacity performance product, the shift in the variable resource requirement curve and a recent increase in the offer cap, as constructive signals supporting the competitive power business in PGM for the future. Next, I'd like to talk about our significant progress related to the spinoff of our competitive generation business, which will be combined with Riverstone's competitive generation business to form Talen Energy. Last week, we submitted a response to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, accepting their proposed mitigation plan to address potential market power issues in the mid-Atlantic region. The approval process is moving ahead as expected with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, and we continue to anticipate approvals within our original projected timelines. The Talen Energy transition team headed by Paul Farr, President of PPL Energy Supply, has completed its staffing plan and continues to work towards their targeted synergies. We expect to close the Talen transaction in the second quarter of 2015. Before we move on to Vince, I'll briefly provide you with an overview of our key objectives for 2015, which you'll see on Slide 9. Our primary objective, obviously, for this year is the completion of the energy supply spinoff. In the U.K., our folks are focused on executing the new business plan that was accepted as part of the RIIO-ED1 process, which begins April 1st of this year. In Kentucky, as mentioned earlier, we're moving forward with the efforts on our rate cases, and in Pennsylvania, while we don't yet have details on our filing, we do expect to file a distribution base case during the year. In Kentucky, the major focus continues to be the execution of our generation and environmental construction projects, which are on schedule and on budget. In Pennsylvania, we're also focused on executing the large capital expenditure plan to continue to strengthen both our transmission and distribution systems. And finally, we're very focused on implementing the corporate restructuring currently underway. We're confident that 2015 will be another solid year for PPL, as our employees implement our business plans to provide excellent service to customers and to continue to invest in infrastructure improvements. I'd like to take this opportunity to say that PPL employees have done an excellent job in designing and implementing a transition process that will launch a strong and streamlined corporate structure for the new PPL as well as set Talen Energy on course to operate safely and efficiently on Day 1. 2014 was, obviously, an eventful year for PPL, one in which we began to blaze new paths in growing value for our shareowners, even while we continue to provide the highest quality of service to our customers. Our high-level performance during this challenging year further strengthens my confidence that both PPL and Talen Energy will be very successful companies for years to come. PPL has a strong record of strategic and financial execution. As we enter a new phase of our evolution, we're confident that we will continue to provide shareowners with competitive returns and our customers with best-in-class reliability and service at reasonable cost. As a pure play electric utility going forward, we believe our 3 regulatory jurisdictions provide predictable earnings opportunities with timely recovery of investments. Our Transmission business has grown rapidly, and we continue to identify additional projects that will drive further growth in that part of the business. We expect the Transmission business to be the fastest growing part of our business for the foreseeable future. Finally, despite the recent decline in the British pound, we're confident in our ability to achieve an earnings growth rate of 4% to 6%, given our current hedge levels and long track record of successful hedging programs that have helped drive our ability to meet or exceed earnings expectations. I look forward to your questions after we hear some additional earnings details from Vince Sorgi. Vince?
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Bill. And good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 10. Our fourth quarter earnings from ongoing operations decreased slightly over last year, driven primarily by lower earnings at our competitive supply in Kentucky Regulated segment, partially offset by higher earnings from the U.K. and Pennsylvania Regulated segments. Full year 2014 earnings from ongoing operations were the same as last year, both at $2.45 per share. Higher earnings in the U.K. and Pennsylvania Regulated segments were offset by lower earnings from the Supply segment and Corporate and Other. The $0.03 reduction in Corporate and Other is, primarily driven by tax-related items and higher financing and other costs. Let's move to a more detailed review of 2014 segment earnings drivers starting with the U.K. results on Slide 11. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned a $1.37 per share in 2014, a $0.05 increase compared to 2013. This increase was due to higher utility revenue, due primarily to higher prices, partially offset by lower volumes due to weather and lower O&M due to lower pension expense. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher U.S. income taxes due to an increase in 2014 taxable dividends and from a 2013 positive adjustment related to an IRS ruling on our earnings to profits calculation. We also had higher depreciation from assets placement service and other of $0.03 per share. One other item of note for the U.K. Regulated segment in an attempt to provide you with additional visibility and transparency into the U.K. business, we will provide you unaudited consolidated financial information for PPL Global LLC. PPL Global is, primarily, the U.K. Regulated segment, exclusive of the after-tax effect of allocated interest from the debt issued at PPL cap funding for the Midlands acquisition. We'll footnote those amounts, so you can reconcile the PPL Global LLC results to the results of the U.K. Regulated segment presented here today. We hope you'll find this additional disclosure useful. We're still assessing the format in which to provide this information, which we expect to furnish separately in an 8-K to be filed at the time we file our 10-K. Moving to Slide 12. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.47 per share in 2014, a $0.01 decrease from 2013. This decrease was due to higher O&M, driven predominantly by timing of generation maintenance outages, storm-related expenses and higher uncollectible accounts. Higher depreciation from assets placed in service, higher financing costs from higher debt balances to fund CapEx and other of $0.03 per share. This decrease in earnings was almost fully offset by higher gross margins from returns on environmental capital investment and higher sales volume due to favorable weather. The other variances of negative $0.03 for both the Kentucky and U.K. Regulated segments is related to the way we compute diluted earnings per share using the if-converted method of accounting for the debt component of the equity units. Not to get too technical, but the interest add back to net income in 2013 was higher than the add back in 2014. And with no change in the number of shares outstanding, this has the effect of reducing EPS this year compared to last year. Turning to Slide 13. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.40 per share in 2014, a $0.09 increase over 2013. This increase was due to higher delivery margins in both transmission and distribution from higher returns on additional capital investments and lower O&M. These increases were partially offset by higher depreciation due to asset additions and higher financing costs from higher debt balances to fund CapEx. Finishing our segment review with supply on Slide 14, this segment earned $0.29 per share in 2014, a year-over-year decrease of $0.10 per share. This decrease was, primarily, due to lower energy margins driven by lower energy and capacity prices, partially offset by favorable baseload asset performance, gains on certain commodity positions and the net benefits of unusually cold weather in the first quarter of 2014. Lower margins were partially offset by lower financing costs, primarily, due to the repayment of the lower Mount Bethel debt in December of 2013, when we exited a lease and acquired that plant, and lower income taxes driven by truing up our state effective tax rate at year end 2014, and a valuation allowance adjustment recorded in 2013 related to deferred tax assets for state net operating losses. Turning to Slide 15. We have prepared a walk from our 2014 ongoing earnings of $2.45 to our 2014 adjusted utility earnings from ongoing operations of $2.03, which adjust for the Supply segment and are related to synergies from the spin, as Bill described. This adjusted 2014 earnings amount is the starting point from which we are basing our 4% to 6% compound annual growth rate. Starting from $2.45, we removed the current year Supply earnings of $0.29. We then adjusted for the $0.07 of O&M dissynergies, previously disclosed. This is the $75 million of indirect corporate costs that were allocated to Supply, but do not go with Supply as part of the spinoff. As we've discussed, corporate restructuring effort currently underway is intended to eliminate this dissynergy. We also adjusted for the $0.05 of interest on the $880 million of debt at PPL cap funding that was previously allocated to Supply, but will remain with PPL Corp. This is a permanent dissynergy. Finally, we adjusted the depreciation dissynergy down from $0.03 previously disclosed to $0.01, since by the time we get to 2017, there is only $0.01 of depreciation dissynergy remaining, as these assets are generally IT systems that have short useful lives, and some of the assets become fully depreciated over this time period. Turning to Slide 16. We have prepared a walk from our 2014 adjusted regulated utility ongoing earnings of $2.03 to the $2.15 per share midpoint of our 2015 ongoing Regulated Utility forecast. Corporate and Other is forecasted to contribute $0.11 to the improvement in the 2015 earnings. As we implement the corporate restructuring, we expect to reduce the O&M dissynergies of $0.07. And in 2014, we incurred about $0.02 of deferred tax asset adjustments that we do not expect to incur in 2015. In the U.K., as discussed previously, utility revenues will decrease by about $0.14, primarily, due to revenue profiling and a lower weighted average cost of capital, partially offset by inflation and other items, as we move into the RIIO-ED1 price control period beginning April 1 of this year. Offsetting lower revenues, our lower U.S. income tax is as a result of the decrease in taxable dividends and a higher British pound exchange rate for 2015, as a result of our hedging program. The hedged rate for 2015 is about $1.63 compared to a realized hedge rate of $1.60 in 2014. In Kentucky, we anticipate a slight increase in earnings with rate increases effective July 1. Higher margins are expected to be partially offset by increases in O&M, due to higher pension and other labor related cost, higher depreciation on the increase plan and [ph] service, and higher interest expense to fund the capital growth in Kentucky. In Pennsylvania, we expect lower earnings in 2015, due primarily to higher O&M, higher depreciation and higher financing cost. These negative drivers are expected to be partially offset by improved margins driven by increased transmission margins and returns on distribution improvement capital investments. On Slide 17. We provide updates on our free cash flow before dividends. Actual 2014 free cash flow before dividends was in line with the projection we provided last February, which if you recall included the proceeds from the sale of the Montana Hydro facilities. Looking at 2015, we are projecting a decrease in our free cash flow, primarily, driven by the $900 million Montana Hydro sale proceeds that we received in 2014, and the free cash flows of energy supply that are included in 2014 of about $200 million. 2015 cash from operations and capital expenditures exclude the Supply segment, except for $191 million of distributions to be received by court at the end of the first quarter with no additional distributions from supply thereafter. Moving to Slide 18. Our planned capital expenditures for 2015 through 2019 are detailed on this slide, with Regulated Utility investment totaling almost $18 billion over that period. This includes previously announced initiatives, such as U.K. spending for our accepted RIIO-ED1 business plan, executing on our environmental compliance plans in Kentucky to meet EPA regulations as well as focusing on system reliability and generation capacity replacement with the retirement of some of our coal fleet in Kentucky, updating and modernizing aging infrastructure in Pennsylvania, including programs that identify areas to strategically improve system performance and reliability. Our revised capital plan reflects incremental investment of approximately $900 million in Pennsylvania through 2018, including $500 million per transmission investments, including line rebuilds, new substations and substation security, and $200 million for distribution improvements, the smart meter replacement program and upgrades to our facilities. Most of the increased distribution spend is recoverable through rate mechanisms, including the disk and the smart meter rider. The revised plan also includes an increase of over $270 million from 2015 to 2018 in Kentucky environmental spending due to increases in scope to meet effluent water guidelines and other projects related to coal combustion residuals, including ash pond closures. This increase partially offsets the net reduction of about $600 million of spend from 2015 to '18 from the deferral of the Green River 5 CCGT plan. And finally, our capital plan is based on identified projects across the portfolio and does not include unidentified growth projects. Turning to Slide 19. Our updated investment plan drives a CAGR of about 7% in our projected rate base to 2019, driving value for both our customers and our shareowners. Turning to Slide 20. As Bill mentioned earlier in the call, we are targeting to achieve compound annual growth in earnings per share of 4% to 6% through at least 2017. At this time, I'll highlight certain key assumptions used for each segment, that supports the 4% to 6% earnings CAGR. For the Pennsylvania Regulated segment, assumptions contributing to this growth include the successful -- excuse me, execution of our capital plan for both transmission and distribution. Earnings growth through 2017 is based on transmission CapEx spend of $2.1 billion and distribution CapEx spend of $1.2 billion, with disk and smart meter CapEx contributing $530 million and $160 million, respectively. The successful distribution base rate case plan for 2015 with new rates effective in early 2016, and we are assuming minimal load growth over the period. For the Kentucky Regulated segment, key assumptions include the successful execution of our environmental CapEx program of $1.3 billion and the completion of the Cane Run combined cycle natural gas-fired plant. Successful completion of the current base rate cases with new rates effective July 1, 2015, and once again, we are assuming minimal load growth over the period. For the U.K. Regulated segment, of course, executing on the Ofgem accepted RIIO-ED1 business plan has been built into the growth assumptions and provides 8 years of base revenue certainty, continued opportunity to outperform targets and the ability to true up certain costs, such as the annual change in the cost of debt and inflation, as determined by the U.K. RPI. We have also assumed a budgeted currency rate of $1.60 per GBP. And for RPI under the Ofgem methodology, the forecasted inflation rate used for the '15, '16 regulatory year is 2.6%, which will be trued up for the actual realized inflation in the '17-'18 regulatory year. Our long range RPI assumption beyond '15-'16 is 3%. Incentive revenues are soon to be slightly higher for the 2014-15 regulatory year compared to the $125 million we earned for the regulatory year ended in March 2014. We assume incentive revenues decline from there, given the type of performance targets under RIIO-ED1. For Corporate and Other, we have built into the growth rate achieving the full $75 million in corporate support cost savings. At this point, we fully expect to be able to achieve this level of savings. We also assume equity issuances of $200 million annually, which is an increase of $100 million per year from our prior disclosure. This increase is to help fund the additional CapEx in the plan, while maintaining our strong credit metrics. Moving to Slide 21. We know many of you have been focused on the recent movement in the British pound to U.S. dollar exchange rate and would like to understand the effect it has on our earnings from WPD. The next couple of slides present information on our hedge levels and provide details that help us set a budgeted rate of $1.60 per GBP. On this slide, we detail our hedging status for 2015 and 2016, including sensitivities for a $0.05 and $0.10 downward movement in the exchange rate compared to our budgeted rate of $1.60. First, we are nearly fully hedged at 97% for 2015, at an average rate of $1.63. For 2016, we are 70% hedged at an average rate of $1.61. Since our third quarter update, we have layered on additional hedges for 2016 using collars to help protect against a further decline, but preserve some upside should the GBP strengthen from its current position. You can see from the sensitivity table that there is basically no exposure in 2015, given our 97% hedge level and minimal exposure in 2016, even if rates stay at their current levels. Turning to Slide 22. As I just indicated, our business plan uses $1.60 as the budgeted rate for our open positions. While this rate is higher than the current spot rate, we believe it is indicative of a longer-term exchange rate based on historical data. First, the 5-year average GBP rate was a $1.59, and the 10, 15, and 20-year averages were all above $1.65. Over the last 3 years when the exchange rate dipped below at $1.50, it was short-lived as seen by the blue line. In the last 20 years, only 20 days went below $1.40. And about 90% of the time, the exchange rate was $1.50 or higher. Similar to the commodity hedge program we use to hedge our supply business, our foreign currency hedging program sets ranges as guidelines that provide flexibility to take advantage of periods of GBP strengthening, as we did earlier in 2014 by increasing our hedge levels for 2015 and '16 and does not require us to fully hedge our exposure at lower levels. As you are aware, we have been very successful with this strategy on the commodity side of our business. And as I detailed, this strategy has positioned us well for 2015 and '16. I know that was a lot, but that concludes my prepared remarks. Now I'll turn the call over to Bill for the question-and-answer period. Bill?
William H. Spence: Thank you, Vince. And Operator, we are ready to take questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I had a question on basically around Slide 21. Can you guys disclose the 2017 hedge levels for the currency? And basically, are you using the $1.60 exchange rate for 2017 as well to kind of get to the 4% to 6% earnings growth?
William H. Spence: Yes, thanks for the question, Neel. For 2017, we are not hedged at all at the moment. And it is $1.60 in our forecast, as I think Vince commented on one of the slides, that is used for all the years in the business plan for open positions. And of course, 2017 is fully open.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And when you look at the $1.60 exchange rate, and I guess, where we're at right now with the forward curves around $1.50 or a little bit higher, is the 4% to 6% growth kind of safe through 2017 under the current forward curves or is it more kind of on your point of view at the $1.60 level?
William H. Spence: Well, certainly, for 2015 and 2016, it would have minimal impact as shown on the Slide 21 here. Vince, do you want to comment on 2017?
Vincent Sorgi: Sure, yes. So, Neel, we look at the forwards as well as historical data when we kind of look at our exchange rates, and there is quite a variability, as I'm sure you know, right, they range from around $1 -- out for '17 around $1.40 to all the way up to $1.75. When you look forward, clearly, I think we think there'll be opportunity for GBP strengthening, so that we could hedge at higher levels. The sensitivity [ph] as we've discussed in the past for '17, for every $0.05 movement is about $0.04. So we'll continue to execute our hedge strategy layering in hedges, as we go through the next 18 months. And with periods of spiking, we'll hedge up higher like we did back in 2014.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, the additional $100 million in equity. Can you explain what that's going to be used for, and is that going to be issued through a DRIP program, or how is that going to be rolled out?
William H. Spence: Yes, Vince, why don't you take that one?
Vincent Sorgi: Sure, Bill. So the -- we discussed last time the $100 million would, primarily, be DRIP and management comp. We'll likely be doing a [Audio gap] program, in addition to the DRIP and management comp to get to the $200 million.
William H. Spence: And that extra $100 million is really being used to fund the incremental CapEx that Vince talked about, and a lot of that's transmission in Pennsylvania as well as some increased spending in the other utility businesses.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Eggers of Crédit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, just the first question, following up on Neel's question, is just from a hedging perspective on FX. Is it one of these things that you guys are going to kind of wait for a point of view to get something to a better exchange rate before you put something on in '17 given the time horizon before 2017 actually happens?
William H. Spence: Yes. We, obviously, have quite a bit of time before we get to 2017 given our higher -- high hedge levels for '15 and '16. So not unlike what we've done, Dan, in our commodity hedging programs, we look at it as a fairly dynamic process. We set targets. In this case, we've obviously set a target of $1.60. Given the volatility we've seen in the past, we think there will be points in time where we reach that and we can take advantage of that. So that's kind of a marker that we have, obviously, as we get further into '15 and '16, we'll continue to assess our outlook for 2017. But we've got plenty of time, and we think we will have opportunity to hedge it in over that period of time.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Bill, on the update to the rate base numbers as in Slide 19. The Pennsylvania piece has grown quite a bit, it's like 11%, I think, CAGR on rate base growth, [indiscernible] uptake in the back end. Can you just talk about, maybe, a little bit of what's gotten layered in from last quarter to this quarter in those expectations, and what the visibility is on delivery on that CapEx?
William H. Spence: Sure. I'll ask, Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities in Pennsylvania to take that question.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Thanks, Bill. So it's primarily transmission-related expense and -- or capital investment, and when you take a look at transmission, Vince mentioned it in his comments that we're looking to update our -- we have a lot of assets that are reaching the end of their useful life. So circuit breakers, transformers, we even have some transmission lines were built in 1920. So a lot of that planned investment is to upgrade those. We're also investing a lot in improving the systems reliability through automation, through wood pole replacements, et cetera. So it's primarily in the transmission end. We're also doing some extra investment in the distribution space, talked about the smart meter plan. We're doing a lot of things, smart grid related smart switches, what we call tielines, which basically ties circuits together which further enable smart grids. So those are the principal components of the additional investment.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So none of the count -- the prospective [ph] compass CapEx is included in those numbers?
Gregory N. Dudkin: That's correct.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And one last question on the U.K. side, there's been a lot of movement obviously on RPI. But what's the sensitivity, maybe, do like a 1% move in RPI or something just so we can think about how to calibrate that back to your model?
William H. Spence: Well, a major move that we would anticipate, Dan, is going to be in the pound sterling versus the RPI. So we articulated what that movement is. So clearly, the RPI one would be less. I'd say, we probably don't want to get into trying to give sensitivities on every element that could move the revenue or the cost line, but what I would say, also, is that we've got some index-linked bonds that are also going to be somewhat of an offset to a move down in the RPI. So it's a little bit of a dynamic exercise to go through and figure out what might be moving the RPI and how much it could impact revenue. So I'm not trying to necessarily dodge a question, Dan, but we're really focused on the major uncertainty in the U.K., which is the GBP.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So quick question here on the utility side, first. Bonus depreciation, how much was that in terms of an impact here if you could quantify it?
William H. Spence: Vince?
Vincent Sorgi: So, Julien, the impact of bonus is included in our earnings guidance for 2015 and is also included in our 4% to 6% growth target. It wasn't that significant for either PA or Kentucky. I would say, maybe, around $0.01 in each case. So not -- nothing significant.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then, just cutting back to the actual capital expenditures themselves. First, am I hearing from you right in Kentucky that the coal ash rules, and especially the effluent side, seems to actually be adding some real dollars? And then, secondly, on the Pennsylvania side, I heard you delineate some of the individual pieces, but is compass included within the broader scheme over the longer term here?
William H. Spence: So starting with the last question. First, compass is not included and correct on the Kentucky side that the evolving environmental regulations are driving our need for additional investment in the Kentucky business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then, shifting to supply real quickly. Your west numbers, at least on the hedge number there for '17, came down pretty big of late. What's going on if you can comment?
William H. Spence: I'll ask Paul Farr to take that question.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. Julien, this is Paul. On a wholesale power price basis, prices in the near term have been hanging in the low 30s, which is not completely logical kind of given where snowpack is. So we've done basically a straight mark. We've offset some of that with some retail hedges that were at prices much more beneficial than what the wholesale indicates, but that's just running it on a straight mark. So with prices in the low 30s and the open position that we got, that drove that roughly $4 movement.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. And then, lastly, just a clarification on what Dan was asking about before. Your RPI assumptions, are they at market? And then, I suppose, separately just to be clear, it's less than the unhedged 2017 impact, right? Just to be clear, it's not versus your kind of nearer term hedged FX, right?
William H. Spence: That is correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And the RPI is at market there as far as you calculated?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, we -- I provided the RPI assumptions in my remarks, Julien. It was 2.6% for '15-'16 and 3% thereafter. RPI really doesn't have a major impact in '15-'16 in the guidance that we provided in the appendix for the U.K. earnings.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just to jump on Julien's question. How much, I guess, is it a correct description "inflation revenues" did you guys receive in 2014 or you expect to receive in 2015?
William H. Spence: Well, the 2015 would be the 2 point -- well, because -- first off, we should clarify that these are regulatory years that we typically deal in with RPI adjustments versus calendar year. So they don't change as of the first of the year. And I believe so for the last period, which will end this March, it's going to be the 2.6% number that Vince talked about. And then, we're assuming a 3%, which we won't know if that's the correct RPI or not for the '15-'16 year.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: What was the, I guess -- was there an inflation rate percentage of the -- I guess, the last published year, which would be -- was it '14-'15?
William H. Spence: I'll ask Rick Klingensmith to answer that piece of the question.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Sure. No. For the '14-'15 regulatory year, the inflation was fixed at about 2.5%. And so we are realizing that in the current period, and then, as Bill and Vince have indicated, the inflation has been set for the '15-'16 regulatory year at 2.6%. And Ofgem has actually changed their methodology from the current regulatory period into the RIIO period, where they will -- are using a forecast going forward in setting the tariffs that are reset on April 1st. And that forecast is what's published by the HM Treasury in November prior to that April period. And then, as Vince indicated in his remarks, there will be a true up after the '15-'16 period as to any under-recovery or over-recovery will get captured in the 2017-'18 regulatory year. So for '14-'15, we're fixed at 2.5%; for '15-'16, we're fixed at 2.6%, and our assumption going further out in time is 3%.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Great. And just lastly, I guess, more of a bigger picture question. Some utilities have looked at, maybe, building out some gas infrastructure rate base where your subsidiaries are located, Kentucky, Pennsylvania. It seems that maybe there's some investment opportunities there for you. Is that something you guys have looked at and thought about?
William H. Spence: Are you thinking more from an M&A perspective on the gas side?
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: No. More of like a rate base, like either rate basing reserves, like some southeastern utilities or building out on top of the shale play, but not M&A?
William H. Spence: Yes, I don't think for us that's much of an opportunity, given the transmission projects that we already have identified. However, what I would say is the compass project, which is not included in our CapEx program, would be a program or a project if you will that would take advantage of some of the opportunities in the Marcellus shale to basically instead of bringing the gas pipelines across, we'd be bringing electric lines across to the potentially new power stations that could be built. So that would be our opportunity, if you will, that's shale gas-related.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Couple of questions, guys. So, not to beat a dead pound, I mean, a dead horse, but on the pound -- that was a joke actually, guys. So if I look at 2016, your hedge is 70% at $1.61, and the pound is currently at $1.53. So if the pound didn't move effectively you'd be at $1.58, $1.59 realized. So the headwind into '17 over '16, if you realized $1.53 would be, am I right, $0.06, maybe, $0.07, that you'd have to overcome, if in fact the pound just stayed at this level for the next 3 years?
William H. Spence: Vince?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. For which year, Greg, are you referring?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: '16 bridging to '17, given the guidance you gave on the -- what your exposure is to a $0.05 change in currency?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, so we said $0.05 is about $0.04. [indiscernible]
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Yes, so it would be a little -- $0.04 plus half again. So $0.06 or $0.07, right?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, I think that's right.
William H. Spence: That would be [indiscernible] . Yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: So that would be the headwind you'd have to overcome, great. And then, my second question goes to the earnings guidance. You are saying 4% to 6% through at least '17 off the $2.03 of earnings?
William H. Spence: Yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: But your guidance range for '15 is $2.05 to $2.25, right? Whereas 4% to 6% would be like $2.10 to $2.15. Why is the guidance range so demonstrably wider than what you think your long-term earnings path is for '15?
William H. Spence: I would say it's just a transition year, and knowing that we've got the spin and the timing of the spin and some of the dissynergies that Vince talked about, that we're working to remove. We want to make sure we get through that process, but I think your point is a good one. Going forward, it's probably going to be a bit more predictable, once we know kind of -- we get through that first full year, if you will, of the pure play electric and gas utility business.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay. So -- and then, would one of the other major sort of variables also be the outcome of the Kentucky case. You've obviously, got a placeholder in your guidance for what you think might happen, but only a $0.01 of incremental earnings from what looks like a pretty substantial need in terms of the CapEx you've made. That seems to be a fairly conservative placeholder, or am I wrong that that's a key variable in the guidance?
William H. Spence: Well, I think that is a key variable in the guidance for sure. We've been reasonably successful in the past. So we think, we -- this is a very straightforward base rate case in our opinion, but we are using a forward test year in the States. So we'll see what the outcome is, but I think, we picked what we believe is a reasonable outcome for planning purposes. Obviously, I can't state what that is, but -- so time will tell whether it's conservative or not, I guess, is the answer to your real question.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, Greg, I would just add that I think the effect you're really seeing is at the midyear. The rates don't go into effect until July 1. So we're not getting the full year's revenue uptick from the rate case.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Great. And then, should we be concerned at all about sales trends in Kentucky as it relates to your ability to continue to have what has been a constructive dialogue with the regulator. I mean, if your customer base is shrinking, it's just a more, a bigger and bigger burden on the existing customers?
William H. Spence: I'll ask Vic Staffieri to comment on Kentucky .
Victor A. Staffieri: I think the notion that our energy requirements will be -- is fairly flat, if you will, less than 1%, does create some pressures. But I have to say that we're really encouraged by the industrial growth we're seeing. We haven't seen a follow on yet in the commercial and residential sectors. We're experiencing, obviously, some natural efficiencies, but we're pretty bullish. Actually, the unemployment rate in Kentucky is probably at a low 5.1%, hasn't been that low in many years. So I think there's actually some optimism from us on the economy.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay. One last question shifting to the U.K. When we look at the new regulatory scheme, the first year-over-year incentive -- potential to collect incentive revenues and the way the incentive revenues are calculated changes, is it '16-'17 or '17-'18, I forget. And then, if you were to maximize the revenue, the bonus revenues in that year, as you have historically, how significant of a potential overall decline in incentives would you see given that they're going to be -- they've tightened down those calculations under the new scheme?
William H. Spence: Sure. Good question. Let me ask Rick Klingensmith to comment.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Sure. Greg, the incentives as you just mentioned are going to be reset starting April 1, in our new RIIO construct. The targets that we have are being reduced. They're being reduced about 27% for customer interruptions and about 42% for customer minutes loss. So as we go through the period starting April 1st and see our performance against those lower targets, we do expect lower revenues to be received. However, those lower revenues will not be realized until the sort of the fiscal year 2017 time period, when it's the '17-'18 regulatory period where incentive revenues will be captured at that point.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Right. And that's -- so it's '17-'18, and all things being equal if you maxed out your incentives. How much lower would they be than the '16-'17 year?
Paul A. Farr: We're not prepared at this point to kind of discuss the magnitude of the decline in revenues that might be possible as we're working to try to maximize everything we can under the new targets.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a few quick ones and I apologize if you went over this. The expected regulated ROE in Pennsylvania and Kentucky for 2015, what was that?
William H. Spence: We did not go over that. So that's a new question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, good.
William H. Spence: Do you have a comment on that?
Victor A. Staffieri: 2015, we're assuming ROE somewhere below 9%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: For which jurisdictions?
Victor A. Staffieri: This is in Kentucky, I'm sorry.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And Pennsylvania?
William H. Spence: Pennsylvania from a GAAP perspective, we're expecting to be a little bit over 9% in '15.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, sales growth you guys mentioned that the load growth over the long-term looks minimal. I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more flavor as to what minimal means?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, I would say, it's 0.5% in each case.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, just finally, the spinoff. Any more clarity on a specific date or closer sort of range of dates, now that we've gotten through so much?
William H. Spence: I'll ask Paul Farr to comment on that.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Paul. This is Paul. Really, nothing has changed from the standpoint of the initial indications that we gave. We kind of early on said the NRC approval because of the process that we go through there, and then, the PaPUC, again, because it's process driven. We actually did reach a settlement in December in Pennsylvania, but just because of what the ALJ has to do and then the normal commission uptake cycle, that kind of took us in both of those instances into kind of the, into late March, maybe, early April timeframe, nothing's changed from our standpoint there.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You're forecasting a $0.10 loss at corporate for '15, but I'd imagine that's got a ramping effect of your initiatives. What do you think the run rate will be by the end of the year?
William H. Spence: Go ahead, Vince.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, it's around $0.10, $0.11.
William H. Spence: On a run rate basis.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So it should be flat for the next few years at $0.10 loss?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, I would say the next few years. As we get further out and need to borrow up that cap [ph] funding to stabilize the cap structures of the utilities, we'll start to see some interest expense creep in there. But I think for the next couple of years, $0.10 is probably a good proxy.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And on your earnings walk from '14 to '15 at U.K. there was a $0.06 uptick from currency. Could you explain what's driving that, again?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, that's just the $1.63 hedged rate versus the $1.60 realized rate for '14.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just the hedge, okay. And then, lastly, on the U.K. I guess, not lastly, I have one more follow-up. Just in '15, as far as the shape of the U.K. earnings, given the rate case timing, I assume that first quarter should be up and then flattish throughout the rest of the year?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, that's correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then, I know you don't have a geographic overlap on the shale, but kind of what's your exposure to falling energy prices as far as suppliers or just suppliers to the shale, I guess?
William H. Spence: It's pretty minimal. There's really no impact in Kentucky and a very minimal impact in Pennsylvania.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Because you're so much further east than the shale?
William H. Spence: Correct.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If I go back in time to when you first entered the U.K. market years ago, 2000-ish, 2001-ish timeframe. One of the things that happened was you continued to show strength in being able to manage O&M. Just curious, it's been 2, 2.5, 3 years since the last U.K. acquisition. Where do you -- what inning do you think you are in, in terms of managing the cost structure, since you've taken control. I mean, are we talking still early innings in terms of getting that done, or are we talking 8th or 9th inning, and what you're able to take out and save, from a cost perspective, you've already realized?
William H. Spence: Well, I'll comment first Michael, and then, I'll turn it over to Rick. But I think our U.K. team was very aggressive from the very outset at looking for opportunities in this last regulatory period. And as we described in previous calls, in the first 6 months, I think, we took out a third of the cost and a third of the employee base to make it much more efficiencies -- efficient. So I think, we're probably in the latter innings, if you want to use that analogy, but that doesn't mean that there aren't still some opportunities for some hits here and there. So with that kind of intro, Rick, you can go ahead and comment as well.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Yes. Wow, Michael, thank you for the history and the recognition of what the team has been able to do in the U.K. But Bill is right, we were probably in the latter innings. As we went into this RIIO process, we provided a business plan that had our operating costs sort of the realization of all the efficiencies into that business plan and that's what we provided Ofgem for the next 8 years. And that was actually a major factor in why we were fast-tracked and others were not, was because of the cost efficiencies that we had already realized. But what was also in the plan, was another about 1% a year efficiency. And so we are in the latter years, but we have about that 1% ongoing in efficiency that we are looking to achieve out into the future.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. One other question, this is, maybe, more strategic in nature. You guys have never been bashful about transacting when -- or just doing something at the corporate level as a way to either reduce risk or highlight value you think is embedded within the company. Post the spinoff of Talen, a large portion, more than 50% will come from the U.K., and historically, there've been very kind of decent differences in valuation methodologies investors have used for your non-U.S. utilities versus U.S. utilities. At what point do you take a step back post-spin and say, what are the range of options to help highlight the value of the U.K. business to the broader investment community. And how do you think about what those kind of options are if the market doesn't kind of give it what you think the appropriate value of that business is?
William H. Spence: Yes, so I think the market will ultimately put an appropriate value on it, as we exit the spin transaction, if you will, and have the opportunity to spend a lot more time just focusing on the core utility businesses, including the U.K. As Vince mentioned in his remarks, we're providing some income statements for the U.K. business unaudited to give more transparency. And as we go forward, we're also looking at other ways in which we can highlight to investors the real significant value that we believe exists in the U.K. business. And some of that value has, obviously, shown itself through our fast track that Rick just mentioned. As well as the fact that we're into a -- entering into a full 8-year period upon which we have a great deal of certainty on the revenues and the cost side. So we think it's a great business. It fits well with our portfolio. To the extent that we cannot overcome, maybe, questions or concerns that investors have, we'd obviously, as you point out, want to try to engage in activities that would either highlight that value or reweight the portfolio. But at this point, I don't think there is a need or desire to do any of that. And I would also mention that because our U.S. businesses are growing much faster than the U.K. business, over time the weighting is going to come down for the U.K., just through our organic growth in the U.S. So I think over time, we'll continue to highlight the value in the business and make sure it's appropriately valued and look at any opportunity we need to, to make sure that shareowners get that value out of it.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And 1 last one. And this one, may be a Vince question. Can you remind us what is your cash tax versus kind of statutory tax or GAAP tax rate going forward? Or more importantly, do you expect to pay much, if any, in the way of significant cash taxes over the next few years?
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So with bonus, Michael, we're -- I would say, we're not a full taxpayer for the foreseeable future, certainly, through the planned period. For 2015, we don't have a minimal tax burden. I would say, it's about $20 million. And it's around $100 million for the next couple of years after that.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So meaning, cash taxes will be a very small percent of total GAAP taxes?
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. It ends up, I mean, the way I kind of. Yes, I mean, we have NOLs and credits that bring that down. I kind of think of the amount of cash we're paying on our taxable income is about 25% as opposed to 35%.
William H. Spence: Emily, we're past our time limit here, but we will go ahead and take one more question.
Operator: The last question comes from Brian Chin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: As we get a couple of steps closer to the Talen spin being completed, any marginal updated thoughts on dividend policy for the PPL parent utility?
William H. Spence: So we still do not have a formal dividend policy or dividend payout ratio that we're targeting, Brian. But as we've said, post spin, our intent is to continue to maintain the same level of dividend prior to the spin. And we'll look at opportunities where appropriate to grow it if we can. So that's kind of still the game plan going forward. Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. And have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Joe Bergstein - VP, IR Bill Spence - Chairman, President & CEO Vince Sorgi - CFO Rick Klingensmith - President, Global Business Paul Farr - President, PPL Energy Supply & PPL Generation Greg Dudkin - President, PPL Electric Utilities
Analysts:  Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Neel Mitra - Tudor Pickering Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter results and our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
Bill Spence: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Vince Sorgi, PPL's Chief Financial Officer and the Presidents of our four business segments. Moving to slide 3, our agenda this morning starts with an overview of third quarter earnings and operational results and an update on our 2014 earnings forecast which we have raised for the third time this year. After my remarks, Vince will review our segment financials and then we will take your questions. Looking back on our performance through the first nine months of 2014, we put an impressive year together, delivering solid results while overcoming some challenges brought on by Mother Nature and executing on a substantial strategic effort positioning the company for future success. We continue to invest heavily in our regulated infrastructure, enhancing grid reliability for customers in each of our service territories and providing an avenue of stable returns for our investors and at supply, the team has in a great job of managing both base load and intermediate fleets which is reflected in the continuous improvement in our expected results throughout the year. We expect to carry this momentum through the remainder of 2014, continuing our approach of excellence and execution and identifying ways to deliver value. Let's move onto third quarter results. Turning to slide 4, today we announced reported earnings of $0.74 per share for the third quarter that is an increase from $0.62 per share in the third quarter of 2013. Adjusting for special items, our earnings from ongoing operations were $0.54 per share in the quarter, a decrease from $0.66 per share in the third quarter of last year. Year-to-date reported earnings were $1.57 per share, compared to $1.90 per share in the first nine months of 2013. Earnings per share from ongoing operations for the first nine months of the year were $1.87, an increase from $1.85 per share in the same period a year ago. Strong year-to-date performance in our regulated businesses, combined with continuing strong performance in our competitive energy supply business has led to exceptional results through the first nine months of the year. Our domestic utilities improved earnings from ongoing operations by a combined $60 million year-over-year, primarily resulting from returns on additional transmission investments in Pennsylvania, power plant environmental projects in Kentucky and higher sales volumes. The improved sales volumes were primarily driven by weather, as the mild spring and summer were more than offset by unusually cold weather in the first quarter of this year. Let's move to slide 5 for an update on our 2014 ongoing earnings forecast. Our continuing strong results led us to announce today an increase of our ongoing earnings forecast to $2.37 to $2.47 per share. The new mid-point, $2.42 per share, is $0.12 higher than the mid-point we announced in August and almost 13% higher than the midpoint of the initial 2014 forecast which we provided in the first quarter. On the regulated front, we see an improvement in the UK regulated segment earnings and remain on track in our domestic utilities. As you can see on this slide, our forecast increase is primarily driven by higher expected earnings from supply. The strong 2014 performance of PPL's competitive energy supply business underscores the inherent value of this business and its ongoing potential as market fundamentals improve. These 2014 results provide additional confirmation that the spinoff of our supply segment will create significant short- and long-term value for our shareowners. Vince will discuss the details of our updated forecast in a few minutes. Now let's turn to slide 6 for an update on our regulated operations. Starting in the UK, we're pleased to announce that WPD earned a combined $130 million in annual bonus revenues for its premier customer service and reliability metrics for the regulatory year ending March 31, 2014. This is a $17 million increase over the previous regulatory year. We expect OpGen [ph] to confirm this amount by the end of 2014. In Kentucky, we're announcing today our plans to file a rate case later this month. We provided a high level summary of the filing on slide 7 which I will discuss in a few moments. On a last quarterly call, we had just announced Project Compass, a proposed 725 mile transmission line through the shale gas regions of Pennsylvania and into New York and New Jersey and Maryland. We’ve been meeting with officials at the state PUCs and governor's offices in the states where customers will benefit, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York and Maryland. Those meetings have gone well overall and we plan to have continuing dialogues on the project benefits. We're also meeting with other key agencies and other transmission operators in the region. We will continue to update you as we reach project milestones. Turning to the Kentucky filing on slide 7, our requests are for increases in annual basis electric rates of $30 million and $150 million at LG&E and KU, respectively and an increase in annual base gas rates of $14 million at LG&E. The increases are principally driven by investments in generation supply and other infrastructure investments needed to maintain and enhance the safe reliable delivery of electricity and natural gas to our customers and to meet federal environmental regulations. The single biggest investment driving the requested increase is the company's new, natural gas combined cycle plants Cane Run 7 which is scheduled to go into service in May of 2015. The filing will be based upon a forward test year and in June 30, 2016 assuming an ROE of 10.5% with new rates effective July of 2015. Moving to slide 8, let's take a brief look at sales volumes in our domestic utility operations. In Kentucky for the quarter and trailing 12 months, strong industrial load growth has more than offset the weakness experienced in residential and commercial sales, leading to overall weather normalized sales growth of about 0.1% and 0.5%, respectively. The industrial growth has been driven by expansions and increased production at some of our larger customer's facilities. Mild weather in Q3 of this year negatively impacted actual sales volumes relative to last year. In Pennsylvania, we experienced a modest decline in weather normalized sales quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by lower residential sales. On an actual basis, cooling degree days were down by roughly 14% which drove weak demand from residential customers, weather normalized commercial sales were up over 1% which helped offset some of the residential weaknesses, while industrial sales were relatively flat for the quarter. PA weather normalized sales continue to trend in positive territory at about 0.5% for the trailing 12 months. Moving to slide 9, let's talk first about the progress related to the spinoff of our competitive generation business which will be combined with Riverstone's competitive generation business to form Talen Energy. Discussions with regulatory agencies are proceeding as expected and there have been no surprises in the process. We still anticipate closing in either the first or second quarter of 2015. The Talen Energy transition team headed by Paul Farr, President of PPL Energy Supply is on track to achieve at least $155 million in annual run rate synergies for Talen which was a target we had established. Separately at PPL, we have identified a targeted annual support cost savings to eliminate at least $75 million of disynergies created by the spin, most of which will be achieved in 2015. These cost savings are also consistent with the targeted reductions discussed when we announced the spinoff transaction in June. Moving on to the pending sale of the Montana Hydro facilities to Northwestern Energy, I'm pleased to report that the Montana Public Service Commission has approved the transaction. FERC approved Northwestern Energy's financing plans for the transaction last week clearing the way for an expected closing by year end. Just a brief update on the Susquehanna plant, as you know, we installed redesigned shortened last stage blades on one of the Unit 1 low-pressure turbine this past spring. Our continuous monitoring of turbine performance shows that the new, shorter blades have significantly reduced blade tip vibration. We're finalizing plans to install these shorter blades on the remaining low-pressure turbines over the next couple of refueling outages, starting with multiple turbines on Unit 2 during the refueling outage next spring. We don't expect to need special turbine maintenance outages after these modifications are completed. Turning to a summary of plant performance for the quarter, you will notice from our updated hedge disclosures in the appendix that our 2014 expected base load output declined by about 3 gigawatt hours since our last update. The primary driver of this decrease was due to lower than planned output from our Eastern coal facilities during the quarter as depressed load and prices from mild summer weather led to a 30% average capacity factor for the period. While actual coal generation was down given these lower prices, our hedging program proved beneficial, as we captured value for the portfolio through the financial settlement of the higher priced forward sales contracts. Excellent plan performance from our natural gas units which ran at a 98% capacity factor also added value as spark spreads improved in the third quarter driven by very low spot natural gas pricing. Before we move onto Vince's comments, I would like take this opportunity to say that PPL employees have done an excellent job in designing and implementing a transition process that will allow Talen Energy to operate safely and efficiently on day one and will result in a more streamlined corporate structure for the remaining businesses of PPL Corporation. And we're doing the significant transition work while maintaining our focus on business results, reliability, safety. 2014 has obviously been an eventful year for PPL, one in which we're blazing new paths and growing value for shareowners, even while we continue to provide the highest quality service to our customers. Our high level of performance during this challenging year further strengthens my confidence that both PPL and Talen Energy will be very successful companies for years to come. I look forward to your questions after we hear some additional earnings details from Vince Sorgi. Vince?
Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Bill and good morning everyone. Let's move to slide 10, PPL's third quarter earnings from ongoing operations decreased from last year driven primarily by lower earnings at our competitive supply segment, the Kentucky regulated segment and the UK regulated segment. Let's move to the detailed segment review starting with the UK results on slide 11. Our UK regulated segment earned $0.28 per share in the third quarter, a $0.03 decrease from last year. This decrease was due to higher income taxes from a UK tax benefit recorded in the third quarter of 2013 and higher U.S. taxes in the 2014 related to cash repatriation. We had higher financing costs from higher debt balances to fund our CapEx and higher depreciation from assets placed in service. These negative earnings drivers were partially offset by higher utility revenues due to the net result of higher prices and lower volumes primarily driven by weather and lower O&M driven by lower pension expense. Moving to slide 12, Kentucky earned $0.12 per share in the third quarter, a $0.02 decrease compared to a year ago. This decrease was primarily driven by higher O&M and higher financing costs from higher debt balances to fund the CapEx. In addition, higher margins from environmental capital investments were offset by lower sales volume due to mild weather. Turning to slide 13, our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.08 per share in the quarter, flat compared to last year with higher returns on additional transmission capital investments of about $0.01, being offset by multiple minor earnings drivers. Moving to slide 14, our competitive generation segment earned $0.07 per share in the third quarter, a decrease of $0.07 compared to last year. This decrease was primarily the result of lower Eastern Energy margins driven by lower hedged base load energy prices and lower capacity prices partially offset by favorable asset performance at our base load units. Lower margins were partially offset by lower O&M at our fossil facilities, lower financing costs and lower income taxes resulting from a negative adjustment to deferred tax assets recorded in 2013. Let's move to slide 15 and review in more detail our updated earnings forecast. As Bill noted, we're raising and tightening our 2014 earnings guidance this morning. Of the $0.12 increase to the mid-point, we added $0.07 at supply primarily drive by higher projected margins, the lower depreciation, the lower financing costs and lower income taxes. We also increased the UK regulated segment mid-point by $0.03 driven by higher revenues, lower O&M from lower network maintenance expenses and lower financing costs. These are all consistent with what we have been experiencing through the first nine months of the year. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher U.S. income taxes related to a legal entity restructuring we completed at the end of October. You may have read about that reorganization, as both S&P and Moody's issued and reaffirmed our credit ratings on Friday for the applicable WPD entities that have third-party debt outstanding. The restructuring brings ownership of all four distribution network operators under a single UK holding company, better positioning our UK operations for further debt issuances. From a cash repatriation perspective, we will incur some additional U.S. tax in 2014, as certain of the steps within the restructuring were taxable transactions. However, the new structure also provides future flexibility for how we source our cash repatriation from the UK. In addition to increasing supply in the UK, our expectations for corporate and other also improved by $0.02 primarily from lower expected O&M as we're not filling open positions as we work through the various transition efforts. That completes the more detail financial overview. And I'll now turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A. Bill?
Bill Spence: Okay. Thank you, Vince. And operator we're ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Greg Gordon at Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: A couple of questions, first, on the UK, this is like for the fourth or fifth time you've raised guidance for 2014 which is great momentum. Looking at $1.38 when I think about that your 2015 midpoint for the 2015 guidance you’ve given for PPL post the spin, you got a $1.36 embedded in there at the to 2015 midpoint which will be $0.02 below your guidance for '14 now. Is there any reason to believe that there is some significant potential downside in earnings off the $1.38 this year? Is there something happening on the revenue line or expense line with currency that we need to think about as we think about where you'd be inside that guidance range?
Bill Spence: Sure. Well you'll recall that next year for at least a portion of the year beginning April 1, we start the new Reo, revenue reset. So there's a step down in revenue on the top line that we'll experience next year. Somewhat offset by higher than expected or -- and then initially communicated bonus revenues that we've recently been awarded in the last cycle. I'll ask Rick Klingensmith, President of our Global Business to comment on any other drivers or factors including currency. Rick?
Rick Klingensmith: As bill mentioned, Greg, the major affect for us next year is the revenue change that comes as a result of the REO ED-1 implementation on April 1. So that's what's really driving the earnings downward as compared to this year's $1.38, offsetting that we'll see some lower U.S. and UK income taxes. As Vince had mentioned about some of the cash repatriations and the restructuring that we just went through we'll see a benefit within our earnings next year for that. With the hedging that we did on the currency side, we're seeing some benefits as well when next year's earnings to help offset and mitigate the revenue decline as a result of the REO ED-1. And so the $1.36 that we’re forecasting for next year incorporates the decline as well as some of the upsides that we're seeing from tax and currency as well.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: And the regulated segment bonus revenues that you talked about on slide 6, $130 million, $17 million increase, when do those actually start to flow through and what was your expectation that you baked into the midpoint of your guidance?
Rick Klingensmith: Sure. The expectation was exactly that because when we provided that guidance earlier this year we had completed our year and which is the end of March and so we knew what the results were, we just had to go through an audit process to be able to confirm and ensure that the results were accurate. And so what we have in our midpoint for next year was exactly that 130 million as we move forward.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Switching to PPL supply, am I right in looking at the slides and comparing them to the last disclosure that expected generation in 2015 from your intermediate and peeking fleet is about up about 3 kWh? What's caused you to -- if that’s in fact accurate -- what's caused you to recalibrate that expectation?
Bill Spence: Sure. That's correct and the increase is really driven by the low gas prices in the summer producing that 98% capacity factor on our natural gas plants that I commented earlier on the intermediate unit. Paul, do you want to add any more color to that?
Paul Farr:  In '15, Greg, the built just went through '14 and '15 it's really all looking at the improved spark spread that we’re seeing in the market. So we've seen as you can look at the market pricing that we gave you in Q2 versus Q3, natural gas prices are off but spark spread grew pretty dramatically. So that level of output will basically put us on par to achieve something pretty comparable to the gas performance in calendar 2014.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Final question, in Kentucky, have you actually filed the case and if not when do you plan on formally filing and when we will get a final decision?
Vince Sorgi: We have given them notice and we’re about to put the publication into the press. We won't file a case until the very end of November. It generally takes about seven months in a case like this so we would expect new rates to go in July 1, 2015 [ph].
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Can you talk a little more about where you're finding your bolt-on energies on Talen and avoiding the dissynergies at the residual PPO, kind of as you've gotten into it where those bucketing dollars have come from and where you think you’re on the continuum of doing better or worse from those numbers?
Bill Spence: Sure. Maybe I'll ask Vince to comment on the PPL Corp side and then Paul can comment on the Talen Energy side. Go ahead, Vince.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So first of all I will say that we're well within the target of the $75 million that we’re going after at Corp. I would say we are right around that plus or minus a couple million dollars. So I would say we’re pretty much honing in right on that, on that $75 million, Dan. And it's really coming from restructuring the corporate support services organizations, I call it condense and consolidate. So we're reducing layers of management and condensing more functions under fewer Presidents and higher level organizations. So there's a pretty significant reorganization going on. We've also looked at noncritical third-party services and other things like that. So it's really just taken a deep dive into the corporate center.
Paul Farr: On the Talen Energy side, we really split that. If you think back to the June 10th presentation, $85 million in headquarters and services costs, $60 million in operations think about as a plan for $10 million for margin in the HQ and services. So even though we haven't been able to work extremely closely with the Riverstone folks because of anti-trust reasons as we go through the approval processes that are well underway. From the diligence that we did, the yearly dialogue that we did, we have a very good idea in terms of the plans where we can get the 60 that will well underway into achieving -- the headquarters and services it's really just looking at setting up from a bottoms up perspective. The HQ for Talen Energy relative to the level of costs that PPL charges the supply business today, again, I feel really good about the capability to achieve that $85 million and another $10 million in marketing with the way that Riverstone hedges their plans versus the more dynamic way that we manage our portfolio, we feel good about that as well. I would hope there would be additional opportunities as we're able to get into supply chain, IT, some other activities when we're able to be more involved with that fleet. But today we're doing it based upon the best information that we've got, but we do feel good about where we're.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess, Paul, just on the Susquehanna blade issues. How the long do you think it's going to take to get the shorter blades put in all the turbines and then what is the maintenance profile over the next year or two, how long it takes to get that done as far as the frequency of extended or more frequent outages?
Paul Farr: As Bill indicated in the prepared remarks, upto three low pressure turbines that are on each of the units. In the unit one outage this past spring we replaced one of the three that would be the one that had the most issues since we've been discovering the issue that we've got with the blades. On unit two, we replaced that one as well as another so we'll replace two of the three LP turbine with the lower blades next spring on unit two. The third turbine on each of the units, we haven't seen any major issues with. So in our business plan for next year we have got the plant refueling outage and blade modification outage for unit two. We do not have an incremental outage factored in for unit one because we think based upon the data we're seeing on those turbines, that we will be able to make it through two, the refueling outage in spring of 2016 where we'd replace the other two turbines with a lower blades and that will pretty much take care. We have one unit left in spring of '17 but we don't think we are going to need to have interim outages on the units following the spring -- for spring refill next year.
Bill Spence: And they can be accomplished -- those retrofits if you will within our normal refueling outage timeframe. So it's not going to increase the outage, the normal outage scheduled. We can fit it with insight that window.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And Bill, guess one another question, with the drop in gas prices and prospectively higher capacity prices, can you talk about what interests you might be seeing on generators looking for interconnection to the system for new builds capacity and how you queue that in in more timely fashion and the Compass Project which is pretty long dated?
Bill Spence: That’s really run through the PJM planning process and obviously PPL on our transmission side we’re part of that process, but I think there is ongoing interest in building new natural gas plants, but I wouldn't say that current capacity potential upside or lower gas prices are driving it much more significant than we had saw in the past. I think a number of the developers that started these projects anticipated improving fundamentals and we’re already preparing for a lot of this not necessarily the PJM capacity price construct change, but time I guess will tell through the PJM process as to how much incremental interest we see.
Paul Farr: Yes, I would say, Dan, that a lot of those projects that are being built are not projects that would qualify for the CP product, so we typically stick with single few, no storage capability, no gas transmission, so there will be a limited impact in terms of the CP outcome. 
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies: I just wanted to jump on Dan's question I guess for a clarification with the capacity performance product. I mean your I guess non-solid fuel plants, you know oil and gas that are in supply. I mean do you think they can achieve the -- if they have dual fuel switching capability, could they achieve that forced outage rate that PJM is looking for?
Paul Farr: I think you might have asked two questions there. So on our dual fuel oil and gas unit, any of your units can (indiscernible) it would qualify. For example, our Martins Creek facility would qualify where Ironwood and Lower Mount Bethel would not except for the extent that we can locate storage and get firm gas transition if we can for either all or partial of those facilities those may qualify. But we do expect there's going to be limited capability in the market to be able to deliver much product along those lines. When we think about the level of CapEx spend that we've driven out of the coal plants, there may be some modest increments to deal with the penalty exposure depending upon how that gets quantified but I wouldn't look from the PPL plan perspective at Montour (indiscernible) but those will be material cost increases.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Ridzon at KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Sorry if I missed it, but with the shorter turbines at the Susquehanna, is there a D Rate [ph] associated with that?
Bill Spence: There would be a very limited D Rate only during certain periods of the year so not really material in the long run. So, yes there would be a small D Rate with the shorter blades.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: That would be summer I assume?
Bill Spence: Yes in the summer.
Paul Farr: If we replace two of the three were actually flat. If you replace one and there's actually a minor uplift because we get more output in the summer, we're generator [ph] limited in the winter. Replacing the second one puts us back to flat and then the third one would be it's less than 10 MW per unit that would be impacted if all three are ultimately changed out.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: When you announced Talen you kind of gave a forward-looking EBITDA of 627. Where does that given the uplift you see?
Paul Farr: When you think about the numbers that we have provided on the supply side for PPL, I think you can get a reasonable calculation of the uplift. We have not been getting details up pace in terms of hedging, modeling parameters from the Riverstone folks. Again we’re competitive with them until we get through the anti-trust regulatory approval process with DOJ so we can to certain regulations but we’re not prepared to provide an update to EBITDA today.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Can you give an update on the PPL side? Perhaps on Riverstone?
Bill Spence: Yes until we provide our earnings update at the end of the year in January, I'll refrain from that. We’re still going through our normal business planning process and looking at O&M and CapEx and fuel and the hedges. We're as prices have improved here recently including very recently with the uplifts in '15, we've and even '16 we've been hedging more. So I would be giving you information that would be outside of the 930 numbers that are in the market prices and hegding data that we provided in the deck, So I think we will refrain today.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Patterson at Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just the following on the situation with the merger and what have you. The independent market monitor as you know has been filing recommendations, I know they are just recommendations but it's hard for me to quantify what the impact of sort of cost that are -- mitigation might mean for some of the proposals he has with respect to getting restraints or divesture limitations. I was wondering do you guys have any sense or any quantification if in fact any of those were adopted what the impact could be?
Bill Spence: We don't have any quantification of that. And as you kind of mentioned, it is really hard to calculate something like that given the complex nature of his comments and the way some of those kind of work when you say together, but some work in one direction and some go the other way. So it's kind of hard to assess that type of thought process they are. So we have not quantified it, what it might mean.
Paul Farr: I don't think it changes our view of (indiscernible) assessment of market power and how they're going to test us in any meaningful way. So we feel as comfortable as we did before he has made comments similar to this, the outer units, some of them are a bit more mitigated in nature. But these same assets tend to have approved for their transaction processes. So we’re -- again nothing surprising by way of what he said for the analysis behind it, it's hard to perfectly predict that we very currently think that we fully meet FERCs requirement with either of the two packages that we proposed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And in terms of the process, it looks like we’re kind of finished with the process, at least in terms of the back-and-forth between you guys and the IMM. When do we expect could you give me -- went do you FERC will act on this?
Paul Farr: I think FERC should act by year end, hopefully by mid-December type timeframe, as are just reading the tea leaves now and then the DOJ would be sometime in mid-January to mid-February given the process.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then on Act 128 Phase III, how do you guys see that -- I know they are beginning the process and what have you, but do you think that might impact the sales growth maybe -- do you think maybe the growing fruit [ph] with such efficiency and stuff has sort of gone away perhaps and perhaps we might see better sales growth given what's happened with Act I29 or just any flavor you can give us in terms of what you see might be happening there?
Greg Dudkin: Yes, we're just starting to work on taking a look at Phase III, you raised a good question about what the future opportunities are and from Phase II, we're still seeing some economically justified opportunities for savings for energy efficiency. And I think from a long-term perspective, we are basically looking at flat sales growth. Our five-year look is about a 0.5%. So that's basically what we're looking at. So we’re not looking at significant increases in our load that’s basically flat.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then Reggie, there's some obviously due to the elections today but if the democrat were to win and (indiscernible) has the polls, it seems to sort of for joining Reggie. Do you see that potentially impacting you guys at all?
Bill Spence: Well I guess it remains to be seen, but we haven't gotten the full details from the prospective Governor on his energy plan totally. I think there has been some comments made about taxes on shale gas, but as it relates to Reggie, kind of remains to be seen. I think the other question is whether it would require legislation to make it happen or not and if so and that might be a tough thing to gets.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just finally on the currency hedge position, could you give a refresher on how much you've hedged? And at what price for the (indiscernible)?
Rick Klingensmith: Sure, Paul, for 2015, we're at 98% hedged at a 163 rate and so that was included in our guidance for 2015 and then for 2016 which we've given you guidance on as well, we're 55% hedged at a $1.64 per pound rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: So kind of a higher level question here to start off, I'm curious, can you clarify or at least give us a little bit of a timeline in thinking about getting better than a 4% EPS growth rate, perhaps some comments previously around 4 to 6. How do you think about getting there? Where do you see yourself today particularly in the context of better synergy realization?
Bill Spence: Sure. We’re in the midst of our financial planning process right now and we're going to be looking to optimize the current plant that we’ve by year-end and so far we don't see anything at the moment that would suggest we can't grow earnings by at least the 4% annually that we've communicated previously. Of course we hope to improve upon that and we will be providing an update on earnings growth projections on the year-end earnings call. So, expect on the next call that we will give you some additional flavor on that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: And then little bit of a detail over on the supply side. Montana, you have a single asset left really. What's the thought process there as you look towards realizing this Talen deal?
Paul Farr: The thought process there is one for hydro the next few weeks we move forward to the North Western [ph]. We will be optimizing our cost to cost structure to deal with the smaller asset mix. We would plan on continuing to run the four units at that Colstrip. We had previously communicated the plant to shut down come spring which is still the plan. So we will continue to run the assets there, the positive cash flow units to the extent that another party has a view to create a capability for us to exit at the value that represents our fundamental reevaluations, that’s something that we can entertain not unlike that we did with hydros.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: And then perhaps this is going a bridge too far, but what do you think in terms of CP in PJM in terms of aggregate revenue upside or impact to the market ultimately for your portfolio given your comments and responses to prior questions?
Paul Farr: You started off right in terms of your bridge too far. I will be down there today with one of the coalitions in front of the Board making our very strong points that when you look at the fact that roughly more than half of the coal-fired generation in PJM earns no economic return and it's flat to negative cash flow that they completely unsustainable situation. If we just look at what at our units (indiscernible) while they are positive cash flow, from the '09 - '10 period we went from just under $200 a megawatt a day to a little under a $120 a megawatt a day in the 17-18 [ph] auction. We've gone from 80% plus capacity factors over that time frame to less than 50 and the amount that we're earning for every megawatt hour that we produce is getting closer to being the variable cost of production. So it's a very challenging situation for the coal plant. On the Talen side, we're not going to live with scenarios where any one of the plant subsidizes other facilities. And I think other companies are resolutely in the same spot. So we find as a system to provide the right levels of revenue to ensure that these assets remained in the marketplace and are reliable or we’re going to see an accelerated -- even for units that are in place, significant legacy investments and complying with care and with max [ph]. You’re going to see more of those facilities shut down and have the system become more volatile. So because only when more gas is going to get built, as Bill indicated in earlier remarks and Vince did, in Q3 we had less than 30% capacity factors on our coal units. It worked out fine because we can buy product back from the market and satisfy hedges at net prices losing money at peak but gaining in off-peak less than we can produce it for but over the long term that’s unsustainable and our gas plants are running at base loads. So that's why obviously you're seeing D Rate [ph] expansion that you're seeing in '15, in '16 it's starting with less liquidity there, but some of the market value the units. And if the answer is yes then we need a durable, sustainable revenue stream to these plants because this is new capital going in. This isn't O&M that they are asking for in terms of reliability and people have been really cutting back capital in the facilities and it's very difficult to actually today to predict reliability. So that risk reward as well on the penalty side has to be balanced as several companies are going to need to play some relatively material investments in the plan to get them to the level that avoids penalty structures.
Bill Spence: I would just add that as proposed, the capacity construct would be a net positive a significant positive to the overall Talen Energy fleets given a significant levels of base load that we have with firm fuel. So it obviously includes nuclear and the coal assets as well as any dual fuel. So given the characteristics of our portfolio, this would be a significant potential upside to the Talen Energy fleet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neel Mitra at Tudor Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor Pickering: I had a question on domestic utilities and the 4% growth rate going forward. What are you potentially looking at in Pennsylvania and Kentucky after the ECR spending and what are some of the rate growth based projects that maybe aren't in the plan right now that you are contemplating?
Bill Spence: Well we provided CapEx plans for five years so I think you can -- and rate based growth. So I think at least that far out you can see pretty clearly where that growth is going to come from. The transmission and distribution systems are aging. We're replacing a lot of that aging equipment with newer technology, so I think much of that is going to continue on even beyond the five-year program and plan. And we're going to be providing 2019 numbers on the yearend earnings call. So you get at least another additional year at that point. I'll ask Rick and Greg to comment for both Kentucky and Pennsylvania to maybe supplement anything there.
Rick Klingensmith: We're in the process of putting together our plans for the next couple of years and I would expect that will continue to feel the environmental pressures particularly in the landfill slide so I would anticipate to the additional expenditures on the environmental side. And in addition, while we did postpone the Green River facility from 2018, we probably will have to bring that back in some time 2021. So we would look at additional expense in the latter part of the period as well. And frankly just given the state of play, I'm confident the environmental requirements are going to go up.
Greg Dudkin: As far as Pennsylvania, again we're in the middle of a planning process and just as Bill said, we'd see continued needs of both on the distribution and transmission but expect additional expenditures in both places.
Bill Spence: And I think our largest growth opportunity in Pennsylvania is the Compass Program, that 725 mile transmission lines so to the extent that is ultimately approved, that would be I think a very large and meaningful project for Pennsylvania and for Greg's business.
Neel Mitra - Tudor Pickering: And Paul, you kind of mentioned that your combined cycle plants are running really low while be base load plants are disadvantaged with dark spreads. Are there any Brownfield opportunities given the fact that you're right on top of the Marcellus with a lot of your base load and intermediate plants to expand capacity there? Or would it run into some market monitor issues?
Paul Farr: No, there wouldn't -- to the extent we decides to build something while we’ve to go through our normal triennial process to ensure we don't have market power for that purpose from a market monitor perspective if we build, that's different than buying which creates kind of an immediate tests. So we will be okay on the build side, I believe in this area. We have an existing site at Martin's Creek, that's buildable and dual fuel. We're still looking at very seriously the ability to gasify Brunner Island to the extent that we did that beside that pipe could also handle CCBT [ph] at that site, we’re very close by. So we've got a couple of sites ready to go in PJM as well as two of the three sites in Texas are expandable as well if we see the right price signals and the right fundamental there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fleishman at Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Just on the updated guidance for '14 and locations for '15. So any of the -- you mentioned the UK incentive revenues and the structural change were already in the guidance when given when the Talen deal was announced? Is that correct?
Bill Spence: That's correct, Steve.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay, but is there any other benefit of the '14 improvement that would flow through to '15?
Bill Spence: Not really, Steve, most of the benefits of 2014 are coming from the supply segment as we talked about a little bit improvement on the WPD side in the UK. But the bulk of the outperformance in 2014 has been on the competitive gen side.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay and then you're expecting improvement in Kentucky in '15 and anticipated this rate filing?
Bill Spence: Yes. That's correct.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay. And then maybe could you give us a little more sense on the new structure for the UK businesses and the ability to how flexible are you to take basically cash out every year?
Rick Klingensmith: As Vince mentioned in his remarks, we've done a restructuring reorganization of our -- primarily our UK holding company organization. And as you know, we operate the WPD business as one business all for distribution network, operating companies. But in the past, we have had two legal entity structures; the legacy, the Southwest and the South Wales business came up through one legal entity structure and the new Midlands businesses came up through a parallel but a separate legal entity structure. And so what we've been able to accomplish here at the end of October is to bring that within a single UK holding company structure. And so that actually provides for a financially stronger holding company that should be better positioned for future debt issuances and re-financings that we now need to do out of the holding company. It also sort of simplifies the group structure for other third parties, the credit rating agencies, the banks and other entities as well. We do see some benefits internally, it helps us with cash management, regulatory reporting and some administrative elements and so we’re quite pleased with the reorganization that we just accomplished for this stage. As we look to future cash repatriation, there was a side benefit in that we did within the planning of this combination, significant looks at and reviews of our cash repatriation needs for the future and how we can bring them back in a tax efficient manner. And not have higher incremental U.S. taxes under the new structure and we were successful in being able to lower our effective tax rates out into the future as compared to this year and even the average that we have had for the last few years. So we were not only from a business standpoint improving the structure, but we were also able to bring back the levels of cash that we've forecasted in the past and that we have commented on and provided you the numbers in the past. We'll be able to do that more tax efficiently than we had expected as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides at Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Just a couple of easy questions here, first of all, in the UK can you just quantify for us what the revenue roll off in 2015 is related to implementation of REO in the spring and if I heard correctly the step up and bonus revenue is just 17 million, but I didn't hear the first piece about the roll off.
Rick Klingensmith: As we look to fiscal year 2015, the revenues will be changing on April 1 of that year. So it's not a full year effect. But we're seeing about a $150 million in a revenue reduction, that’s a $0.15 as our reduction for fiscal year '15. I'm sorry, Michael, the second part of the question again?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And so just partially offsetting that is the bonus revs, the bonus revenues are only up about -- is that $17 million or is it more than that?
Rick Klingensmith: Well is 17 million higher on a regulatory year basis and again that will start on April 1st as well, so that $130 million will be coming in and starting within that period of time. The fiscal year on fiscal year difference between 2014 and 2015 is not as great, but it absolutely helps mitigate the revenue short fall or the revenue decline that we’re seeing in 2015. What's also helping is I had mentioned earlier is that we're seeing lower taxes -- tax expense, so that’s helpful. We’re seeing a benefit from the currency hedging that we had put into place where we're 98% hedged at a $1.63 per pound rate, so that’s how to mitigate the decline in revenue for next year.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And on PPL supply when I look at the 2016 data that's in the hedging supply, two things. One, putting noticeable drop-offs in the volumes expected from the Eastern base load facility when you look at '15 versus '16, what's driving that?
Paul Farr: In '15 versus '16 we've got reversion and spark spreads, we've got only a very small portion of the year that we've got the correct facility available. So it's market drivers and not having correct available and the mix and any further step [ph] all the way from '14 to '15 to '16 you’ve got the 3 million -- 3.5 million megawatt hours of hydro also disappearing through that time period as well.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Yes, I'm just thinking more on the PJM fleet. The 43.1 down to 40.8 is that all spark spread driven or is it planned outage related as well?
Paul Farr: That's all base load, so you'll see what's happening in the spark spread, at the bottom, the dark spread at the top.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And then the last thing on coal for the Montana fleet, the 2016 data assumes a reasonable uptick in the coal pricing. Just curious for the driver of that given how weak PRB prices have been recently.
Paul Farr: Yes so being eliminated from there is coal from the correct facility. So it's Colstrip only and it's looking at the cost plus contract at the mine relative to the volumes and spreading those overheads and so that's -- it's again it's a decently sized range given that in '16 it's all coal stratified. But that mine outside -- that mine production I think you’ve to look at it a little differently that broad based PRB. Not putting on the same economics as procuring from the market because we’re sole sourced from one provider from conveyor belt removal [ph]?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And can you remind why the removal of Corette?
Bill Spence: Yes so Corette won't be able to meet and MATS [ph] come spring at last year on any type of economic basis that we see today. So, we just simply can't meet the SO2, mercury requirements for that facility in an economic fashion, so it's going to be shut.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: So it leads to lower O&M at supply a little bit in '16 over '15 as you’ve fewer megawatts but also obviously the loss margin.
Bill Spence: That’s correct.
Operator: We have Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: I would just like to follow-up on the question on the UK reorganization and in terms of the making an impact on a going forward tax burden that you referenced. Can you maybe quantify that and then explain to what extent and how it flows through into the earnings reported in the U.S. just to help us think that through? And I want to confirm it feels like that something you didn't include in your guidance whereas some of the other elements were in the guidance. So I want to make sure I'm right about that.
Rick Klingensmith: With regards to some of the specifics around the tax efficiency that we're seeing, I'll give you some numbers and we think about in an effective tax rate areas. In the past couple of years, 2013 our effective tax rate was about 20%. This year as Vince had mentioned we’re seeing some higher tax on our cash repatriation and this restructuring, we’re going to be slightly over 23% this year on the effective tax rate As we go out into future, we're going to see an effective tax rate that averages slightly less than 18%. So we're seeing some benefits out into the future, those benefits were included in the '15 and '16 guidance because we had already had plans in place for how to mitigate the REO and the revenue changes that were coming along and this will help us is further out past that period of time when we can average a lower effective tax rate than what we were expecting out in that period.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: So is 19% a good number to use right through the 7-year review?
Rick Klingensmith: Probably not through the entire 7-year view review, but at least through the next five years, 8-year review, I should say. But at least through the next five years that we've gone out in our calculations and our plans.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: So the 18% is the right number, but it was already in the guidance --
Rick Klingensmith: For 2015 and 2016, that is correct. And the second part of your question deal with how does it flow-through earnings from a UK regulated segment, we not only report the earnings that we translate and received from WPD from the UK, but then we also incorporated and include the domestic effects which include some overhead costs here at PPL, but also include the U.S. tax expense on class repatriation. And so the UK regulated segment just in its normal reporting process will incorporate whatever costs there are or whatever benefits there are within our earnings.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: And are those numbers that you just gave the 20%, 23% and 18%, they include both of those tax items, is that correct?
Rick Klingensmith: They include both the UK and the U.S. tax effects that is correct. That’s a combined effective tax rate.
Bill Spence: Thank you Jonathan and thanks to everyone for joining the call and look forward to your questions and comments on our year-end call. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein -  William H. Spence - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Vincent Sorgi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Paul A. Farr - President of PPL Energy Supply Gregory N. Dudkin - Principal Executive Officer, President and Director Rick L. Klingensmith - President of PPL Energy Services Group LLC and President of PPL Global Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman of LG&E & KU Energy LLC, Chief Executive Officer of LG&E & KU Energy LLC and President of LG&E & KU Energy LLC
Analysts: Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. Now I'd like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning for the first time is Vince Sorgi, PPL's new Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Welcome, Vince. Also on the call to answer your questions, are the presidents of our 4 business segments. As I noted with the talent announcement, Paul Farr has assumed the role of President for PPL Energy Supply through the transition process and will become CEO of Talen, post spin. Moving to Slide 3. Our agenda this morning starts with an overview of second quarter earnings and operational results and an update on our 2014 earnings forecast, which we have raised for the second time this year. After my remarks, Vince will review our segment financial results, then Paul will provide an update on the progress of the supply spinoff. We will then open the phones to your questions. Turning to Slide 4. Today we announced reported earnings of $0.34 per share for the second quarter, a decrease from $0.63 per share in the second quarter of 2013. Adjusting for special items are earnings from ongoing operations were $0.53 per share in the quarter, an 8% increase over last year's second quarter ongoing earnings of $0.49 per share. Strong performance at each of our regulated utilities with stronger margins from our competitive Energy Supply business led to very solid results through the first half of the year. Year-to-date, reported earnings were $0.83 per share, compared to a $1.28 per share in the first half of 2013. Earnings per share from ongoing operations for the first half of the year were $1.33 per share, compared with $1.20 per share in the same period a year ago. The strong year-to-date increase in ongoing earnings was driven in part by a combined $69 million from our domestic utilities, driven by returns on additional transmission investments in Pennsylvania and on power plant environmental projects in Kentucky. Let's move to Slide 5 for an update on our 2014 ongoing earnings forecast. I'm pleased to say that today we are increasing the forecast to $2.20 per share to $2.40 per share. As you can see in the segment information on this slide, the forecast increase is primarily driven by strong performance from our Supply segment, which is driven largely by expected margin improvements from our baseload assets. As noted in our news release this morning, we benefited from unrealized gains on certain forward commodity positions during the first half of the year, primarily in the second quarter. However, we expect the majority of this to reverse in the second half of the year and have incorporated this reversal into our updated forecast. We also see a slight uptick in the U.K. Regulated segment. Now let's turn to Slide 6 for an update of our regulated operations. For the third year in a row, PPL Electric Utilities has ranked highest amount large electric utilities in the Eastern United States for residential customer satisfaction in a study by J.D. Power. The award is the Utilities' 22nd from J.D. Power and the 11th for residential customer satisfaction alone. With this award, PPL's domestic companies, PPL Electric Utilities, LG&E, KU and PPL EnergyPlus have won a total of 38 J.D. Power awards, more than any other company in the country. And in the U.K., our 4 operating utilities capture the top 4 spots for customer service and satisfaction in the regulators' rankings for the year ended March 31, 2014. This exemplary record of customer service continues to provide benefits for our customers and for our shareowners. In another key development, PPL Electric Utilities filed a plan with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission on June 30, seeking approval to replace existing electric meters with new smart meters that will improve service to customers and fully comply with state metering requirements. The project will cost about $450 million, of which about $300 million has been reflected in our capital expenditure forecast, included in the appendix of today's presentation. Under our proposal, installation would begin in 2017, with all new meters in service by the end of 2019. Also this morning, we announced a PPL Electric Utilities proposal to PJM, as part of the competitive solicitation process under FERC Order 1000. As currently proposed, the 500 kV transmission line would run about 725 miles from Western Pennsylvania into New York and New Jersey, and also south into Maryland. The project is in the preliminary planning stages. The new line would improve electric service reliability, enhance grid security and enable the development of new gas-fired power plants in the shale gas regions of Northern Pennsylvania. The proposal would create savings for millions of electric customers by delivering lower cost electricity into the region and reducing grid-congesting cost. According to preliminary estimates, the cost of the project, which is not yet included in our CapEx projections, would be between $4 billion and $6 billion. Because of the magnitude of this proposal, there is a good chance we may enter into partnerships to develop and build the project. The preliminary timeline envisions completion of the project by 2023 to 2025, assuming all necessary approvals are received and construction begins in 2017. Approvals are needed from various regulatory and regional planning entities. We'll keep you posted on any further developments. Moving to Slide 7. You'll see that weather-normalized sales for the quarter in Pennsylvania and Kentucky were in line with our 0.5% load growth forecast. In Kentucky, we're starting to see some improvement in our commercial sales, and our industrial sales continue to grow, driven by expanded production from the steel and auto industrial segments. On the residential side, weather-normalized sales were lower for the quarter, but were offset on an actual basis by weather effects, given a significant increase in cooling degree days in May and June, compared to 2013. In Pennsylvania, residential customer use increased due to higher customer accounts compared to a year ago, and higher use per account. Industrial sales also continue to show improvements over 2013, as the steel and cement sectors posted solid increases in demand. The commercial sector slowed a bit in the quarter after a strong first quarter, which leaves weather-normalized growth flat year-to-date. Moving to Slide 8. Our Supply segment performed very well in the second quarter with improved capacity factors versus last year at almost all of our major Eastern facilities. Our Eastern coal units operated at an average capacity factor of 64%, which was a 9% increase over the second quarter of 2013. This was driven by an unplanned outage at Montour last year and improved demand in PJM. The combined cycle gas units also ran very well achieving an average capacity factor of 98%, a significant improvement over last year, due to a planned maintenance outage at Ironwood in 2013. Finally, Susquehanna Nuclear's capacity factor improved for the quarter by 17%, due to the timing of outages in the first half of 2013 compared to 2014. On the turbine blade issues, we have installed newly designed blades this spring on Unit 1 at Susquehanna during its scheduled refueling and maintenance outage. Early results have been positive, as we've seen a significant reduction in blade vibration on the turbine that received the new shorter blades. We will continue to analyze the unit's performance over the course of the year. Pending the results of a full analysis and the vendor's final assessment of a root cause, our plan is to install the newly designed blades on Unit 2 during its scheduled refueling outage next spring. In the meantime, we will continue to monitor blade vibrations and appropriately inspect potentially cracked blades and replace them as necessary, as we've done safely and effectively operate the facility in the past. Moving on to the pending sale of the Montana hydro facilities to NorthWestern Energy. Regulatory review of the transaction continues. The Montana Public Service Commission continues its review and recently completed its hearings as scheduled. And just last week, FERC approved the transfer for the Kerr Dam hydro license, which had been pending since March, when all of the others had received FERC approval to be transferred to NorthWestern. We do not expect the sale to close before the fourth quarter of 2014, and as a reminder, PPL will retain the proceeds from the sale. We're also making very good progress in our spinoff of our Energy Supply business, which we announced in early June. We've completed nearly all of the required regulatory filings and we have transition teams up and running. We remain on track to complete the transaction, which will create a new publicly traded company call Talen Energy in the first or second quarter of 2015. Finally, we continue to execute at a very high level and remain focused on delivering value for shareowners. I am very pleased with our second quarter and year-to-date results, which allows us to increase our earnings guidance again and we continue to target at least 4% compound annual growth in earnings per share, excluding Energy Supply. I look forward to your questions and I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
Vincent Sorgi: Thanks, Bill. And good morning, everyone. Great to be with you on my first earnings call. Let's start with a more detailed financial review on Slide 9. PPL's second quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased over last year, driven primarily by improved earnings at our Supply segment and at both of our domestic utilities. The U.K. Regulated segment was $0.02 lower than 2013, with weather being a contributing factor. Let's move to the detailed segment review with the U.K. results on Slide 10. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.33 per share in the second quarter, a $0.02 decrease from last year. This decrease was due to higher U.S. income taxes from a positive adjustment in 2013 related to a favorable IRS ruling on prior year's earnings and profits calculation. We had higher depreciation from assets placed in service and higher financing costs from higher debt balances. The decline in earnings was partially offset by higher utility revenues due primarily to the net result of higher prices and lower volumes due to weather. We also had lower O&M driven by lower pension expense. Moving to Slide 11. Kentucky earned $0.09 per share in the second quarter, a $0.01 cent increase compared to a year ago. This increase was driven by higher margins from additional environmental capital investment, partially offset by higher O&M due to the timing of coal plant maintenance and higher storm expenses. Turning to Slide 12. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.08 per share in the quarter, a $0.01 increase compared to last year. This increase was primarily the result of higher transmission margins, driven by additional capital investment. Moving to Slide 13. Our competitive generation segment earned $0.06 per share in the second quarter, an increase of $0.05 compared to last year. This increase was primarily the result of higher Eastern energy margins, driven by improved baseload availability from Susquehanna and also our coal fleet, both primarily driven by outage timing. We also had higher capacity prices and $0.04 of unrealized gains on certain forward commodity positions. These positive drivers were partially offset by lower hedge baseload energy prices. On Slide 14, we provided an update to the U.K. earnings projections for 2014 to 2016, reflecting a significant improvement from expectations in July of 2013, when we filed our real business plans with Ofgem. For 2014, our strong U.K. performance is incorporated into the increased guidance that Bill mentioned in his remarks. Our 2015 midpoint of $1.36 was communicated in June, when we announced the Supply business spin and provided our 2015 earnings forecast for PPL, excluding the Supply business. For 2016, we are showing an $0.11 increase from the midpoint provided last July, primarily driven by lower projected O&M cost, including lower network maintenance expenses and lower pension expenses, as well as the projected improved currency exchange rate, which is based on an average rate of $1.67 per pound compared to $1.58 assumed last year. These benefits are expected to be partially offset by lower revenues from the final RIIO-ED1 revenue determination, as well as higher interest expense. On Slide 15, we show the updated projections of cash repatriations from WPD back to the U.S. for the 2014 to '16 time period. We continue to expect strong cash flows from WPD, as we transition from the current regulatory period to RIIO-ED1 beginning in April of 2015. That completes the more detailed financial overview. And I will now turn the call over to Paul, for a brief update on the progress being made on the Supply spinoff. Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Vince, and good morning, everyone. My update today will be pretty quick. We've been extremely busy since the June 9 announcement. And on Slide 16, we outlined some of the major milestones and activities currently underway. Last week, we received commitments for a new $1.85 billion 5-year revolving credit facility for Talen Energy, that will be available when the transaction closes. Earlier this month, Riverstone successfully executed its planned $1.25 billion bond offering to refinance the project-level debt at Raven, Jade and Sapphire. This debt will be assumed by PPL Energy Supply when the generation businesses are merged. The bonds carry a 5-year maturity and a 5.125% coupon subject to a 50-basis-point step down, if Talen achieves certain targeted credit ratings at the time of the merger. Finally, we completed 3 of the 4 planned regulatory filings this month. We filed a Section 203 application with FERC, citing 2 separate market mitigation proposals, an application with the NRC for the indirect transfer of the Susquehanna nuclear licenses and an application with the PaPUC here in Pennsylvania for the change of control of the IEC pipeline utility just yesterday. The DOJ filing is on schedule for the fall this year, given their review process. This progress keeps us on schedule for an expected closing of Q1 or Q2 next year, as Bill mentioned. And we'll keep you updated along the way. With that, I will turn it over to Bill for the Q&A session.
William H. Spence: Thank you, Paul. And operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to follow a little bit on the new guidance with respect to Supply. Can you go into a little more detail about -- I am not sure I completely understood the second quarter showed gains on mark-to-market that reverses later this year. But the net is still better for the year, if I understand it. And then can you also address what kind of hedging actions you took looking forward during the second quarter.
William H. Spence: Sure, but you're absolutely right. We expect some of the gains that we experienced in the second quarter, there were -- in the middle of the year. But still it would be a net positive. Vince can probably provide a bit color on the exact numbers there. So...
Vincent Sorgi: Sure, Kit. Thanks for the question. Yes, the Supply, $0.06 is really -- you could think of it, half of it is just improved margins from the baseload, $0.03. And the other half is improved M&T margins, $0.02 of which is coming from the unrealized gains.
William H. Spence: Yes. Okay. And Paul, do you want to cover the other part of the question?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. Kit, when you look in the back, in the appendix, that it looked like our hedges decreased in 2015. That's primarily because on a economic dispatch modeling basis, with the improved prices that we saw in the second quarter, more generation was economic. And so, there just simply more generation. Given our target hedging program, kind of 1 year forward to be about 75% hedged, looking forward to the transaction, we're pretty much on schedule with those hedge levels. So we weren't doing a significant amount of hedging for '15. We did do some for '16, though, on that 25% year-to-mark.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And well, just to follow on that a little bit, do you expect the new Talen hedging strategy to be similar to that or will that be a whole new ballgame?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, that will be pretty close to that at 75%, 1 year; 25%, second year. We're also doing 100% of the retail in utility load following hedging out of the generation book, which is a little bit different. And one way to think about that is, we'll just simply be constrained from a liquidity perspective. We're basically increasing the amount of generation that has to be hedged by about 50%, with a 50% reduction between the size of liquidity facilities and cash that we've got. So it's just -- it's a liquidity-targeting exercise. Just like it was when it was Energy Supply, but we had bigger facilities and a smaller fleet.
Operator: And the next question comes from Dan Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Bill, can you maybe get a little bit more into this transmission project today? I guess, kind of how the process works from announcing, looking at something to where we'll see action. What kind of dollars you have to spend upfront? And then, if you look at the challenges you guys had with Roseland and other folks have had in the past, trying to build these new Pennsylvania East type of transmission lines, how you guys think you're going to approach it to make it a higher chance of success?
William H. Spence: Sure. So the processes itself is one that's not been well traveled in the past, as you know. It's a relatively new process. So we'll continue to work with all the stakeholders to make sure that we do everything in our power to make sure that we get this approved on a -- as timely a basis as we can. Maybe I'll ask Greg to take you through kind of what we understand to be some of the key milestones and processes we have to do to make this a reality, so, Greg?
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, thanks. So first off is the filings. So PJM had a window that just closed recently. So this project, Project Compass, was filed as part of that window. As far as the approvals are concerned, so this project not only is part of PJM, but also goes into the New York ISO, still need approvals from both entities. Also we'll need state approvals, as well as utility commission approvals. So for me, what increases the probability of success is just the compelling nature of this project. When you think about what's happened in the industry over the past year, the polar vortex, substation security being a big issue, coal retirements being a big issue. This project really pulls all those issues together and provides significant benefits to the consumers in the region. So I think it's the compelling nature of the benefits of this project that will help the project move forward. We are putting together an outreach plan. In fact, I've started this morning to get people that will be involved in the project, up to speed and be looking to work with others to make sure that this is a success.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So we should -- this will be, I guess, probably a little quiet from our perspective for -- in a period of time, while you get your ducks in a row. Is that kind of how we should think about it?
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, I would say so. Because of all the entities we have to work with my sense is that we have a better idea about the timeline as far as approvals probably by the end of this year. But it should be fairly quiet from your perspective.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then the money you guys are putting into it now, is there a route for recovery if this is not successful or is this money you guys are burying on PPL for the time being?
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, this is something that is not recoverable. So we'll -- if it doesn't go forward, then we'll just had to eat that.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just, Paul, just a logistical question, but with the work that's actually done on Susquehanna is still next year and the timing of the IPO, how have you guys arranged to source the funding on the capital both for the outage and also for the work that's got to get done?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. So when we signed the transaction documents with Riverstone, basically at that time, the 2 companies are pretty much economically tied at the hip. From the standpoint of the cash that's generated by the business, except for the payment of shared services, taxes and a fixed dividend stream, the cash stays in the business. So it's the cash that will be there at close. It's cash from the mitigation with whichever of the 2 packages we pursue and sell those assets. It's the liquidity facilities that we have in place. So there's very ample liquidity to fund an outage. And remember, all of the capital expenditures that relate to equipment replacement are under warranty with Siemens, and that's on their nickel and not ours.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, just -- can you remind what the process is going to be determine which package of assets gets chosen for sale and what we should watch the timeline for that happening?
Paul A. Farr: Well, we requested 2 different packages. So just to remind everybody, the first package is the Sapphire. Most of the Sapphire portfolio from Riverstone and the Ironwood plant. The second package is than same Sapphire portion of the portfolio, the Crane facility in Baltimore and the Holtwood Wallenpaupack facilities here in Pennsylvania. We will be approaching the market even in advance of receiving approvals to gauge investor interest and we'll move forward with both packages and determine which of those has the best outcome from a share and value perspective for Talen shareowners. They look at the relative level of EBITDA and cash flow that the asset portfolios generate versus sale proceeds that we think we can secure in an auction process.
Operator: And the next question comes from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So the U.K., the guidance range in the U.K. to now at $1, was it $1.30 to a $1.42, and the final guidance range was $1.17 to $1.33. I think the last comment you made was that you'd be at the high end of that prior guidance range. So what can you tell us in terms of how we should think about where you'll fall out in 2016 within the $1.30 or $1.42? What are the key drivers that would swing you towards the low end or the high end there?
William H. Spence: Okay, let me ask Rick Klingensmith to respond to that question.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Sure. In 2016, the midpoint of the range is $1.36. And as Vince mentioned, significant drivers that get us there have been lower revenues, but offset by O&M reductions as well. But it's been predominantly tax planning has helped us, currency has helped us as we're now forecasting $1.67 per pound versus $1.58 per pound, and lower pension expense has helped us as well to keep us within the high end and actually surpass the range that we provided you last July to where the ranges are today. And so it would really be changes in those assumptions that would drive us to the high or low end of the range that you see for 2016, around that $1.36 midpoint. So those are the major factors that were driving that.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Have you substantially hedged the position on currency or is that just sort of a mark-to-market?
Rick L. Klingensmith: In 2016, we're about 56% hedged at a rate of about $1.66. And so the unhedged portion, about half of it remains as an open position for currency in 2016.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Do you have a sensitivity on the remaining position?
Rick L. Klingensmith: On the remaining position of sort of a $0.05 change in currency, it's about approximately $12 million change in earnings.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I also noticed that the rate base slide -- the rate base numbers for the total regulated side of the business are up substantially, but that's all on the U.K. side of the business?
Rick L. Klingensmith: That correct and that's all currency driven. So the change in assumption from that $1.58 to $1.67 is the change in the dollar value of those. There has been no change in the pound component of the RAV or the CapEx.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. And a question for you, Paul. As we look at Talen, you're one of the generating companies that's the most exposed to a widening basis in the Northeast, both positive and negatively lead to the negative. Can you tell your investors sort of what's the strategy? Are you going to run substantially open in that business in order to not -- in order to capture volatility and avoid having to sort of hedge in at these weak current forward curves? I mean, how do we think about it, if we're trying to value that entity and we're using the forward curve as a base case? That's not a very good base case, so how do we get comfortable that there's a good business proposition there, given current market conditions?
Paul A. Farr: Where we're sitting, I mean, on a peak basis at least, do you focus on '15 or '16. We're sitting pretty much right between where we started the year and the peak of the prices kind of that we saw in the June type time frame. We're still seeing on a gas-basis perspective some of the benefits from the polar vortex in the winter period. In the summer period. If you look at gas, it's a bit softer, whether you look at TETCO or whether you look at Marcellus base numbers, we have not simply not had. So we had extraordinary weather in January, and we've had literally no summer yet. So we've had no -- while no summer here and we're just starting to have a summer in Texas. So I think when you think about the pricing, I still think that the low 50 -- 50 to 52, 53 on a peak basis numbers are achievable. I think we'll see another rally as we get towards winter, as we typically do in that time of the year. We are, as you said, not compulse to hedge. And as I mentioned, when I answered an earlier question, simply on a liquidity basis, our targets are much lower than they were when inside PPL and trying to derisk that as much as we could. We simply won't be able to given that we'll have lower liquidity to post as collateral against the hedge positions. And we do want to run more open, as you indicated, to take advantage of price improvements when they come.
Operator: And the next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So with regards to divestment process. I'd be curious, why more than 1 gigawatt? I mean, I suppose, is this just driven by your analysis about what's necessary? Or was there kind of any market view there about trying to get rid of portfolios in the entire of the year, just -- any other reason there?
Paul A. Farr: Julien, this is Paul. There really is -- there's no change. When we talked about it on the day of the announcement, we talked about a 1,000 megawatts of baseload equivalent. When you look at the Sapphire portfolio, which is simple cycle and combined cycle, it's less efficient combined cycle plants, oil and gas in Jersey. When you look at Ironwood today, as Bill indicated, at 98% capacity factor, has more baseload. The Crane plant has a very low capacity factor on an annual basis. And then the hydros are 55% to 60% run on river plants. It's just when you do the math, that gets you each of them to a 1,000 megawatts of baseload equivalent. They happen to be roughly the same in terms of total megawatts at 13 50-ish but, but it's really the equivalency that, that we're trying to get to.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Excellent. And could you talk a little bit to your coal hedging? I mean, that seems to switch around a little bit here, but perhaps that might be due to the generation?
William H. Spence: It's generation related, that's correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. Excellent. And just to clarify here in terms of what you were saying before, the CapEx changes entirety are due strictly to the FX change, right? There is nothing fundamental underlying that at all, right?
William H. Spence: That's correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. Excellent. And just to be clear as well, when you're thinking about the process, I suppose there's a little bit of uncertainty there. You wouldn't expect that the change as the rest of the process of those who were not fast-tracked ultimately get their decisions out. The CapEx is not likely change at that point either?
William H. Spence: No, there would be no change.
Operator: And the next question comes from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Question on the transmission project. It looks like the map you provided, the starting points are really kind of where the new CCGTs, that are announced for PJM in '16 and '17, are being built. Is the -- is kind of the economic reason for the project that some of those gas plants that are going to be built right on top of the shales, they just don't have enough transmission capacity to get to where they need to, to provide reliability? Or is there another real economic benefit that I'm not seeing?
William H. Spence: Well, there's a number of potential benefits, and I'll let Greg describe some of those. But that clearly could be one of them, but there are others as well.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Got it. And so, I would say when we are -- when potential generators come to us, one of the issues is they need to obviously connect to our transmission. And in some cases, that can be very, very high cost. So part of the thinking on the economics is if we sited through the region, the cost to connect for those generators would be much less. So again with potential coal retirements, we think there's economic advantage for that on a going-forward basis. And we use pretty conservative assumptions around generation retirements. But beyond that, there are reliability benefits. Again, we talked about substation security. There are benefits that, actually, we didn't really factor in the economics. But I think there'll be a significant economic benefit there, reduced congestion. So all that, when you factor all those together, it is a significant positive economic benefit to the consumers.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then a question for Paul. With Talen, I think, you mentioned that you'd want to expand in west PJM in Texas, and wanted just to question on how you think about timing for acquiring assets? Would you do it before the spinoff? And what's -- when you look at the market, what's the optimal time to be buying assets? Would you rather be buying right now with what's up for sale? Or would you rather wait till next year?
Paul A. Farr: Well, we're following all the processes that are going on right now. So we know everything that's on the market. We think we know what's coming on the market in fall and in spring. So we're actively following it, and if there was something that was compelling, there wouldn't be anything, provided we reached a consensus around that. With Riverstone, there wouldn't be anything that would prevent us from approaching the market right now. So I think anything that's in PJM that would have the potential to complicate any aspect of the regulatory approval processes, especially when we've got known market power issues to deal with, it probably wouldn't be a high probability. But as we move through time and we secure those approvals and they agree with the mitigation plans provided that the area of PJM we'd be buying in, wouldn't further complicate that, there'd be no problem there. So we're actively watching that, as we said, right now. But as I said, we've got the hydro sale process underway in Montana. We're looking at some other potential noncore asset disposals. We've got the mitigation processes that we're going to be evaluating as well, so the deal team has quite a bit on the plate already, as well. So we'll be judicious.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: So when you talk about not complicating the divestment process, would West PJM complicate that? Or would that be separate from 10 of the Central East PJM divestitures you're looking at?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. I mean, as long as we're well west of 50 or 4 50 or 5, then I think that wouldn't complicate things. So yes, we wouldn't be against it if the right opportunity came along.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a question. I think when you announced the Talen spin, you talked about an aspiration of growth out of the ongoing PPL of at least 4%. Can you talk about the new transmission projects in the context of that? And are you -- are there other things you're working on that might be kind of closer at hand than this? This is obviously a fairly long way out that might enable you to give us a bit more clarity around sort of where in that north of 4% range you'd expect to be over some reasonable period of time?
William H. Spence: Sure. I would say that the 4% minimum that we articulated upon the announcement of Talen spin for the regulated businesses did not reflect anything of the magnitude of this type of project that we're talking about here. So this would certainly add to that growth trajectory, if you will. Should it be approved and ultimately started, of course. It is, further out on the horizon. Relative to where the growth will come from, I think, it's -- there's nothing, I think, magical about where's it going to come from. It's really executing the business plans we have. We've provided today, as you know, some updated guidance on the U.K., which is improved from previous guidance. And then, we'll continue to execute, I think transmission and distribution opportunities in Pennsylvania, as well as a lot of our environmental CapEx spending in Kentucky, all of which, I think is pretty transparent and visible in the CapEx plans and the rate base growths that we've articulated. So I think we have a very good plan to achieve the minimum 4%. I don't think it requires a lot of heavy lifting or Herculean assumptions for us to get there. I think it's a very achievable plan and one that we're committed to.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Bill, can you just remind me what -- did you articulate a specific base from which that was? We should think about that?
William H. Spence: Yes, we did. The base was on 2015, so -- I'm sorry, 2014, x Supply, so we provided the numbers there. And so it's off that base.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, just on -- I think you just -- I think in another question, you gave the answer to how hedged you are on U.K. currency for 2016. How about 2015?
William H. Spence: 2015, we're at 98% hedged at an average rate of $1.63.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just one final thing on there. You guys have typically excluded mark-to-market type moves in the Supply business. What's the reason for leaving in this $0.04 this quarter?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, let me take that one. This is Paul. So we've done financial transactions supported by third-party generation in the past. This one just simply didn't meet the accounting designation for carve-out in that policy for us. And so just based on our internal accounting policies, it flows through. But as Vince said, there is only a very small amount of it that is in the forecast for the end of the year. And as things have come off from a price and smart-grid perspective, even in the July-type time frame, some of that benefits already been reverted out since June.
Operator: And the next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: A lot of my questions have been answered. But just -- and I know it's some way off in the future here, but when the transmission line is built, what do you expect it to do to the market? Is there any basis differential or any sort of impact you could sort of suggest, that sort of in the ballpark, that would happen as a result of these major projects.
William H. Spence: Yes, as you can imagine, because it is so far out and there's so many moving pieces, coal retirements, how many new gas pipelines may be built to move shale gas away from the constrained areas, and so forth, that we really don't have a forecast that we could point you to suggest which way prices would move as a result of this transmission project.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And no part of the project is going to be really done before 2023, is that correct?
William H. Spence: That's our target. So with it, the earliest would be 2023.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just on the tax valuation. I'm sorry if I missed this. What actually sort of drove that impact? What happened there?
William H. Spence: Sure. I'll let Vince take that one.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. What happened was we have net operating loss carryforwards for tax assets related to those sitting at the parent company of Energy Supply. And the earnings of Energy Supply were really supporting those assets on the books. And so when we announced the spin, it no longer -- we can no longer assert that those earnings would be able to support those deferred tax assets. And so we took the valuation allowance against those.
Operator: And the next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just real curious. Can you talk about PPL Corp.'s cash tax position for 2014 and maybe the next couple of years going forward through 2015, 2016, meaning how much of the cash taxpayer you expect to be relative to GAAP taxes? And does the Talen transaction impact that at all?
William H. Spence: Yes, Vince wants to take that.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So on a federal basis, our estimated tax position there would be basically 0, as a result of NOLs. And bonus depreciation still carryover effects from that, so it's very little.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And when would you expect to become a cash taxpayer again at the PPL Corp. level, post Talen spin?
Vincent Sorgi: I would say in the '17, '18 time frame.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So cash taxes, a pretty big source of cash flow. How do you think about allocating that, meaning do you anticipate you would likely be utilizing that cash flow to help pay for rate base growth of some of the subs, to delever as well? I'm just trying to kind of think through that, because that's kind of a big number when you start getting to the out years.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, so the cash flow -- that cash flow position just goes into our sources and uses of funds. And the largest use of our funds is our CapEx program and our rate base growth. And so, those -- that cash is being used to fund that growth.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Bill, just curious, when you walk across the different segments, what's your thought process just in terms of rate case timing at the U.S. Regulated businesses?
William H. Spence: Yes, so maybe I'll ask Greg and then Vic to talk about Pennsylvania and then Kentucky. Greg?
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, so as far as timing for Pennsylvania, we don't at this point, obviously, see a need for a rate case in '14, and we're looking at the possibility in '15.
Victor A. Staffieri: And in Kentucky, I think I've said before, we would anticipate some kind of rate case filed by the end of the year. And then, as we continue with our capital construction program, we would anticipate filing cases, probably every other year, thereafter. But we never -- much of our recovery of our capital expenditures is through our environmental recovery mechanism, so I'm talking about base rate cases here.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And Greg, in Pennsylvania, you're thinking just sometime in 2015 potential file of forward-looking test year for 2016?
Gregory N. Dudkin: That's correct. We haven't made a final determination, but if we do file, it would be a forward-looking test year.
Operator: And the next question comes from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Bill, a couple of questions. First, the updated guidance for '14. How are you incorporating the kind of mild July and it looks like maybe mild August, if at all, is that in there? Or are you using normal?
William H. Spence: I would say, we're predominantly using normal, but I don't think -- it remains to be seen what August is going to be at this point. But July, I don't think is going to have a meaningful impact on the range at this point.
Paul A. Farr: This is Paul. One other quick thing, remember, we're so heavily hedged this year, that to the extent that we see below normal weather, that's actually been a benefit for us, because instead of generating from some of our plants at higher prices, we're buy -- having the opportunity to either buy it from the market or run our gas plants, as cash gas has been so low. So around a number of ranges and assumptions of whether we feel really good about the supply numbers.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, great. Second question is -- I'm not sure you can provide this, but just, is there any way you can give us any sense of kind of mark-to-market update numbers for Talen, given what's happened with pricing, for '15?
William H. Spence: Yes, let me ask Paul.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, that's -- it's really hard for us to do. We've given you in the appendix the updates to the hedge positions on fuel and on power. Due to any trust restrictions, we're not able to have access to the Riverstone side of the equation. So until we get to very close to close, we won't be able to provide updates relative to their base there.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. Understood. And just, in thinking about the utility growth rate, so the U.K. that you gave here is kind of flattish, '14 to '16. That 60% of your earnings, roughly, I think. So that mean the other 40% need to grow around 10% to get the 4%, overall? And I think you have a rate base growth to do that, but I just wanted to kind of make sure if I'm thinking about that right. And you feel good, you can get to that at the non-U.K.
William H. Spence: No, you're thinking about that exactly, correctly. And that's factored into how we get to the 4%. I mean, obviously, if we look at the domestic utilities, they're growing significantly in terms of EPS over the period. And we've got that flattish growth in U.K., that dilutes that a bit. But this still keeps us, I think, squarely in the ballgame in terms of many of our peers with the 4% minimum growth target for EPS. So we do feel good about our capability to achieve that even given the U.K. mix.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just in the context of the peer regulated company going forward, you'll get that money in. Obviously, I think the U.K., otherwise funds itself. And then, you need to fund these rate base growth and the dividend. Can you just kind of talk about the overall utility funding plan without having any access to cash from supply?
William H. Spence: Sure. Vince, go ahead.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So I don't want to go too far out because obviously a lot of things change in terms of year-to-year cash flows and assumptions. But putting financing going into the next couple of years, we're pretty much set for 2014, domestically. We're not expecting any additional debt issuances there. Our funding plans do include the $1 billion of proceeds coming in 2014 about 900 coming from the Montana hydro sale, and then we just received in July the $108 million treasury grant from Holtwood. Both of those proceeds are staying with Corp. [ph], so they helped to fund that CapEx plan significantly going into '15. We have about $1 billion of debt coming due next year in the domestic utilities. And 900 of that is in Kentucky, another 100 of that is in EU. The Kentucky debt is 400 up at wholesale level. We'll just pay that off. And then we have 250 at each of the opcos first mortgage bonds. We'll just refinance those with first mortgage bonds down with the utilities, and the same thing with the $100 million at Electric Utilities, we'll just refinance with first mortgage bonds. So we'll do as much financing down at the opcos, as we can. If we need to adjust the cap structures, we'll do that up at cap funding, as we have been doing. And then we'll just maintain the credit metrics that we need to keep our investment-grade credit ratings really what we expect to come out of the uptick that we expect to get coming out of the Talen spin. No concerns from a financing plan assumption going forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a question from Rajeev Lalwani from Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My first question is on the transmission project that you announced. Can you provide some insight on any competing projects that PJM is also looking at?
William H. Spence: At the moment, we're not aware of any competing projects. This is a very unique project, that I'm very proud of the team here that came up with the concept and the forward thinking to put something of this nature in front of PJM. So we're not aware of any competing projects. And the requests that PJM have had, have been smaller projects to basically address some relatively small reliability concerns. I think there 4 or 5 of them. And this project and I response to some of those, but it goes well beyond that. Again with something that we think is very unique and compelling from a stakeholder process -- perspective.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. And just a question on the U.K. side. You've provided guidance through '16, and you've got relatively flattish earnings growth. Can you talk about beyond that period as you get into, I guess, the new rate cycle? What do you think growth can do there?
William H. Spence: Yes, we haven't provided forward growth estimates for the U.K. that far out at this point. But as you can imagine, there is a point at which the earnings will grow again, once we get through the dip, if you will, in this period, as the old rates roll off and old incentives roll off, and then as we begin to build the rate base, we'll see earnings growth further out in the plan. So there will be a dip and then a recovery over time. But we'll provide future guidance at a future date, but for right now, that's just generally speaking kind of the trajectory.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just lastly, kind of a higher-level question. You talked about M&A on the Talen side. Can you talk about M&A on this standalone or future standalone PPL side, whether you're looking to be an acquirer or maybe an acquiree? Just some thought there.
William H. Spence: Sure. While we would continue to look at opportunities to grow PPL post-Talen spin on the regulated side and think there will be opportunities over time whether we're successful or not, obviously remains to be seen. I think we have a very solid business plan that will, I think, improve earnings, as well as our stock price over time. So I can't really comment on whether we're a target or not and if we are, I think, we have a very solid plan and the best thing we can do is execute the plan and continue to meet expectations, which we've got a very solid track record of doing, so. But certainly, we would consider M&A. We don't want to maintain our relative size at a minimum to maintain our relevancy in the sector as a large cap electric utility. So I think, generally speaking, that is probably all I can say at this point. Operator, we're approaching our time limit. And I know it's a busy day of earnings for everybody, so we'll take one more question.
Operator: And that comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay, so I have 3 questions. One is, could you comment about your power hedges for the PPL Supply beyond '15. Did you add any hedges to your '16 or '17 positions?
William H. Spence: Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, I did mention earlier that we didn't do a lot of hedging activity in the quarter for '15, but we did layer in positions as we saw the strength in power prices in the quarter for '16. I mentioned a 25% target there and we're meaningfully on our way to getting to that level.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Perfect. Separately, on the utilities, could you talk about your dividend growth prospects after the other spinoff of PPL to buy?
William H. Spence: Sure. So when we announced the Talen transaction, I mentioned on the call, that we would continue to maintain the current dividend and look for opportunities to grow it over time with the expectation that meaningful growth could come after we get through the large CapEx spending plans that we have over the next several years. But our perspective on the dividend and it's growth will not change from where we have been to where we will be post Talen spin.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: So roughly, the pickup in the dividends, we shouldn't expect until what? '17, later than 2017?
William H. Spence: I think. Probably out in that time frame is the right way to think of more meaningful growth potential, for the dividend and then in the meantime, we're going to continue to maintain and probably grow it slightly between now and then.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And lastly on the transmission project, I know it's many years out, but just looking at how the Susquehanna-Roseland went and the 3-year delay to cross, what, a 3-mile stretch through the Delaware Water Gap even though there was an existing right of away. I mean, obviously, we don't see exactly how this proposed line goes, but should we expect similar issues with siting of the transmission line?
William H. Spence: Greg, do want to take one?
Gregory N. Dudkin: Sure. Thanks. So certainly, when you're talking about a 725 mile line, siting is going to be a big issue. So we will work with all the stakeholders. We've had success, actually Susquehanna-Roseland is a great example. So it took us a while, but we were building through a national park. And I think it had been very successful. I think the folks there appreciate the care we took of the park, and so I think our reputation is good in that area and that's why I think we'll be successful.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: So this proposed line doesn't go through any national parks or any environmental -- that shouldn't face any environmental issues?
Gregory N. Dudkin: No national parks.
William H. Spence: Right. Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us on the call today. And have a good rest for the day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your line. Have a nice day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Bergstein - VP, IR William Spence - Chairman, President and CEO Paul Farr - EVP and CFO Victor Staffieri - Chairman, CEO and President, LG&E and KU Energy Rick Klingensmith - President, PPL Global and PPL Energy Services David DeCampli - President, PPL Energy Supply
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Kit Konolige - BGC Partners Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Gregg Orrill - Barclays Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Greg Gordon - ISI Group Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein. Please go ahead.
Joseph Bergstein: Thank you, Amy. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL's Chairman, President and CEO.
William Spence: Thanks Joe and good morning everyone. We are glad you are able to join us today. On the call with me are Paul Farr, PPL's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and the Presidents for our business segments. Moving to slide 3; the agenda will start with an overview of quarterly earnings and operational results and a discussion of the 2013 earnings forecast, which we raised this morning. After my remarks, Paul will review our segment financial results. When Paul has concluded his remarks, we will open the phone lines to your questions. Turning to slide 4, today we announced reported earnings of $0.49 per share for the first quarter, a decrease from $0.65 per share on the first quarter of 2013. Adjusting for special items are earnings from ongoing operations or $0.80 per share, an increase of 13% over last year's first quarter of ongoing earnings of $0.71 per share. Each of our three regulated segments outperformed first quarter 2013 results and Supply segment earnings were the same as the first quarter of 2013. These strong results show the value of our ongoing investments in regulated infrastructure and a strong performance of our competitive generating plants during the unusually cold weather we experienced this winter. Moving to slide 5; today we updated our 2014 ongoing earnings forecast to $2.15 to $2.30 per share, with a midpoint of $2.23 per share. As reflected in the table, our strong first quarter enabled us to increase the guidance range for each of our four business segments from the original forecast. Slide 6 identified some of the Q1 operational highlights of our regulated business segments. We received confirmation in late February that all four of our Western Power Distribution subsidiaries in the United Kingdom were accepted for fast tracking of their eight year business plans by the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets, or Ofgem. Our subsidiaries were the only four distribution network operators, whose plans were deemed suitable for accelerated consideration. We are very pleased with the great work of our U.K. team, which worked extremely hard to produce high quality plans, acceptable for fast tracking. We also appreciate Ofgem's confidence in our ability to provide cost effective operations, while providing frontier performance in customer service and reliability. In Pennsylvania, we made further progress on PPL's portion of the Susquehanna to Roseland transmission line, and remain on-track for our June 2015 in service date, despite the difficult weather conditions this winter. In late February, we energized a new 230 KV section of the line through the Delaware water gap, and we finished our overhead work in the national park in March. With the milestones that have been completed in the first quarter, PPL's portion of the project is now about 75% complete. On slide 7; you will see that our domestic utility sales benefited significantly from the unusually cold weather. On a weather normalized basis, sales were essentially flat in Kentucky quarter-over-quarter, as lower commercial sales were offset by higher residential and industrial sales. Kentucky commercial sales declined in the Louisville metro area, and KU's Eastern Kentucky region. Small businesses in the Eastern part of Kentucky have been hit especially hard, by the challenges facing the coal mining industry. Industrial sales in Kentucky increased slightly, as some of our larger customers maintain higher production levels, with shorter maintenance outages and some expansions. Weather normalized sales in Pennsylvania were higher across all three primary customer segments, with industrial volumes experiencing the greatest improvement, continuing an upward trend we have experienced over the last 12 months. The cement and steel sectors reflected the highest growth at a positive 16% and 8% respectively, and we saw modest growth among most other sectors, except mining. Moving to slide 8; our supply segment performed very well operationally in the first quarter. Our flexible, intermediate and peaking units delivered excellent results in the quarter, due to the high prices experienced in the PJM region, despite running at lower capacity factors than a year ago. The lower capacity factors were driven by planned outages at our Ironwood and Lower Mount Bethel plants, and higher natural gas prices, which impacted plant dispatch. Our baseload coal units also provided some upside on high demand days, by operating at capacity factors that exceeded our expectations. At our Susquehanna nuclear plant, we completed a turbine inspection outage on Unit-II in March, and installed modifications that are designed to reduce blade vibration and minimize the potential for blade cracking. We are currently, in a plant refueling outage on Unit-I, that began on April 12, and are making similar modifications to those turbines. We believe these modifications will enable the units to run for their full two year operating cycles. Finally, the announced sales of the PPL Montana Hydroelectric assets to Northwestern Energy, continues to be reviewed by regulators. In March, the federal energy regulatory commission, approved the transfer of operating licenses to Northwestern, with the exception of the Kerr Project, which is still pending. The separate FERC application for the dispositioning of the assets is also still pending. We did just this week receive FTC approval for the Montana asset sale. The Montana Public Service Commission continues its review and remains on-schedule to issue a final order in the fall of this year. Overall, we had a great first quarter and start to 2014, providing us with the confidence to increase our guidance range for the year. We are executing at a very high level on all objectives we set out at the beginning of the year, and we expect to continue that momentum heading into the summer. Finally, we continue to believe the value of our Supply business is understated in our share price. We are committed to realizing appropriate value from that business, and are continuing to focus on this objective. I look forward to your questions, and now I will turn the call over to Paul Farr. Paul?
Paul Farr: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone. Let's move to slide 9; our strong first quarter results reflect higher earnings from each of our three regulated segments, and flat earnings from our Supply business, compared to the first quarter of 2013. Now let's move over -- start with a detailed review of Q1 segment earnings driver, starting with the U.K. on slide 10. U.K. regulated earned $0.41 per share in the first quarter, a $0.04 increase over last year. This increase was primarily due to higher utility revenues, driven by the April 1st, 2013 price increase, partially offset by lower volume due to weather, and lower pension expense. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation. Moving now to slide 11; Kentucky earned $0.16 per share in the quarter, a $0.02 increase compared to last year. This increase was due to higher gross margins, primarily due to higher retail and off-system sales volumes, driven by the unusually cold weather Bill mentioned, and higher earnings from environmental CapEx, partially offset by higher O&M. Turning to slide 12; our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.13 per share in the first quarter, a $0.03 increase versus last year. This increase was due to higher distribution margins, driven by higher sales volumes due to the cold weather, and the benefit from a change in estimate of a regulatory liability, as well as higher transmission margins. Finishing with Supply on slide 13; this segment earned $0.11 per share in the quarter compared to last year. This result was primarily due to higher Eastern energy margins, driven by higher capacity prices, and a net benefit from colder weather, partially offset by lower hedged, baseload energy prices, and lower nuclear generation off-grid, due to the timing of planned outages, and lower financing costs. Now this was offset by lower Western energy margins, driven by lower coal and hydro unit availability, and higher income taxes. That's the end of my prepared remarks, and I will turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
William Spence: Okay. Thanks Paul and operator, we are now ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Good morning guys.
William Spence: Good morning Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: There has been a lot of press commentary in the last few days, in particular, about Supply and may be where that's headed. I know you guys are trying to find the best way to extract value for their business or so the value of it. Do you have a view may be on timing of when will [indiscernible] or when you guys will come to a reasonable conclusion of how that fits into PPL on a long run basis?
William Spence: Dan, there is no specific timeline, but I would say, it continues to be a key priority of the company.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then on -- in Kentucky I guess, kind of the munis stepping back on the renewal, their contracts, and the reevaluation mill [indiscernible], can you just talk about what that process looks like, and maybe thought process around that plant?
William Spence: Sure. I will ask Vic Staffieri to answer that.
Victor Staffieri: We see no application from none of our municipals, it is about 300 megawatts or so that they'd like to get out of their contract in about five years. That has led us to we think -- the timing on a new combined cycle plant at Green River. So we have filed with the Public Service Commission and put that in advance. We are talking to the municipals, and that will play out over time. But the only impact frankly would be, perhaps a delay in the in-service date of the next combined cycle plant.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Vic, to put that in context I mean, a delay by -- is kind of a two year delay, three year delay, I mean, how long were you guys [indiscernible] in?
Victor Staffieri: It could be -- there are other things that could compel us to move a little -- to keep it. It may not just below that makes us decide to move that plant back -- we might want to move it for load purposes back to the three years. We might decide to keep it only one year, depending upon some of the environmental concerns. That could give us a nice diversification opportunity, and we want to be mindful of the environmental requirement, particularly the pressure on coal. So you could say from a load perspective, you could move back as far as three years, but there might be other consideration that allows to move it up. We are looking at that right now, which is why we made a bonding with the Public Service Commission to put that proceeding in advance of 90 days, as we think through the implications.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess one last question, there has been some issues in the quarter around kind of coal ash, and coal ash remediation in the region. Can you just give us an update where you guys are, both at Supply and in Kentucky, as far as compliance plans and your perspective spending, to make sure you don't have any issues.
Victor Staffieri: Sure. On the competitive coal front in Pennsylvania, the majority -- actually all of our plans at this point are all dry ash facilities and they are all beneficially using the dry ash. So we have really essentially closed all of our wet ash compounds quite some time ago. So most of those have been remediated. When we look at, on a go forward basis, our major concern as with the entire industry, is ensuring that coal ash does not become a hazardous waste. And that's our number one priority I think as a company and as an industry. And we think that can be avoided and should be avoided, and when you drop back to the additional oversight that we may see, I think its just a question of degree, and how much more would we have to do at some of the facilities, particularly those that are wet ash facilities.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And then in Kentucky, what is [indiscernible]?
Victor Staffieri: In Kentucky, we do still have some wet ash ponds. We are moving towards landfills. We are in licensing, proceedings at Trimble County and [indiscernible] and other places, to remove our ponds over time. We are confident, we have done the kind of analysis that need to be done, to ensure that we hopefully don't have the problems that have plagued others with respect to these ponds, but we are moving towards the landfills in almost every occasion.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Do you have a ballpark on how much money that's going to require and maybe timing to get that result?
Victor Staffieri: It would be over the next decade or so. Remember, part of the problem is we don't have the bottom [ph] regulations yet out of EPA. Once we get those, we will be in a better position. But we do have some money in our budget over time. I think it's in the order of $300 million to $400 million, probably in our long term capital budgets to reflect that.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you guys.
William Spence: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Kit Konolige at BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Close enough. That's okay. So couple of different areas. So first of all, should we be projecting anything forward in earnings level for the company from the increase in 2014? In other words, is this all due to weather at Supply -- basically at Supply and distribution companies? Or is there stronger earning power than we had thought so far?
William Spence: I think when we look at our business plan, clearly weather in the first quarter was a significant factor, and I will let Paul comment on the details of how much of the outperformance was weather driven. But fundamentally, we had very good performance as well from all the regulated segments. I think what I would say is that we are very well on track with our regulated business on a weather adjusted business. We continue to perform at a high level, and may be Paul, you can comment on the specific numbers for the quarter?
Paul Farr: Yeah Kit, weather in total was only about half of the $0.08 increase to the midpoint of the forecast. So we were significantly ahead. We were about $0.04 in total for the Supply business ahead of plan and forecast. And then the utilities were kind of a push. We were $0.03 positive domestically offset by $0.03 negative in weather in the U.K. So when you look at that -- a big component of the increase was weather, but that only made up about half of the total.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Okay, that's great. How about in the U.K., what can you tell us about FX effects compared to what we might have thought before, and about the cash repatriation process? Are you on-track with all of those compared to prior guidance?
Paul Farr: Yeah, Kit we are. Obviously the currency has been a little bit stronger, but as you may recall, we are fully hedged -- nearly fully hedged coming into this year. So really net effect is that we are on plan. In terms of repatriation, I don't think there is any new news there. I think again, its on track as we would we expect, and so again, we are right on plan, right where we would like to be at this point in the year.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Okay. And last area on the future of Supply. Are you or potential counterparties waiting for any further news on the market front in particular on the RPM auction coming up, and in general, can you tell us anything about your perception of how higher prices in PJM this year have affected the value of supply?
William Spence: I would say generally speaking, neither the capacity auction nor the price action that we have seen, based on the significant increase that we saw on our prices in PJM in the winter, would impact our strategic thinking around the supply business. We continue to have, as our number one priority, the aggressive cost control and optimizing the dispatch of our plants, while of course maintaining safe and reliable operations. At the same time, we do continue to consider other options that could enhance value. There is no particular data point or view point of forward prices that we are waiting for or that would substantially impact our thought process around strategic options for that business.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Okay, that's great. Thanks Bill.
William Spence: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith at UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Good morning.
William Spence: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Bill, quick question if you can talk about the supply side a little bit more. As you think about strategic options, how important is control of any eventual structure, that you might conceive of?
William Spence: Well as I mentioned, we are considering other options that can enhance value, or remain committed to creating value from the Supply business for shareowners, and we are going to keep focused on this effort. There is not a particular structure or ownership or objective that we have, along those lines, that would be of the table. I think we are looking for the best opportunity we have, to create shareowner value. So whatever form that may come in, we are considering. So as I mentioned, we don't have specific timeline. We are being disciplined about the process, and it is a key priority of ours.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent. And then looking at the Supply side, I suppose, we have seen some recent rise in Maryland around NOX. I'd be curious, as you think about your Pennsylvania portfolios, Brunner Island doesn't have an SCR. Is that something that you guys are thinking about down the line, or how you think about environmental CapEx, just from a conventional perspective?
William Spence: I think at this juncture, we don't see a lot of incremental CapEx required on the environmental front, for either Brunner Island or Montour stations in Pennsylvania. I think we are in fairly decent shape. There is some related to the math. Really, folks more around mercury control than it is around SOX or NOX. So at this point, I don't see any significant addition that we would need to make.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And then lastly, on the 2016 outlook. I know you haven't talked about it. But we have obviously seen a pretty big move in the supply mark-to-market. Are we talking about still kind of targeting breakeven or positive EPS, or were we better than that in the long term here and thinking about 2015 and 2016?
William Spence: Yeah, when we think about the forward curve and looking at our supply business, we expect that it will continue to be in positive EPS territory. I think our comments in the past were, that we would do everything that we could, to ensure that it stayed in positive territory; and with the cost cutting, that Dave DeCampli and his team have already embarked on, and where we see forward prices, we would expect that it will continue to be in positive EPS territory.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent. And then lastly, if you don't mind, on the RPM side. I know, you just got a question there. But expectations on that, and then also, just with regards to new gas generation entrants if you will?
William Spence: Sure. I think as we look at this RPM in particular, there are a lot of moving parts, a lot of modifications have been made. There is a lot of kind of noise out there around the residual auctions and so forth. So I think for this year at least, we are not going to put out an expectation around where we expect RPM prices to settle out, because there is a lot more uncertainty, in our view, coming into this auction than we have seen in past auctions. So I think it's just really difficult to nail this one down in any precise manner. So we are going to really avoid making any prediction at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Patterson at Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning. How are you?
William Spence: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just to sort of follow-up on that last question. Do you want to talk at all about may be directionally where you think RPM might be going with respect to last year's auction? I mean, I hear you on the substantial modifications, but when you are adding them all up and subtracting, any thoughts there?
William Spence: No I think again it could be significantly volatile, so I think its really difficult to know, and I think based on upcoming retirements, other factors, I think the bidding strategies of companies could be substantially different this time than last, and I think that could influence the outcome, more so than maybe some of the planning parameters that have influenced prior outcomes. So I think for that reason, we are really having a difficult time, even directionally predicting where we think this could turn out.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Then on the WPD line loss? What was that exactly? I am sorry to be stressful on it. What caused that?
William Spence: Yeah, no problem. Let me ask Rick Klingensmith to come in on that.
Rick Klingensmith: Sure. Good morning Paul. On the line loss aspect that we had, where we increased the liability for this quarter, related to that activity. The line loss aspect was one that was in the regulatory period in the 2005 to 2010 timeframe. And the regulatory structure was such that, there was incentives and penalties that Ofgem had established around electricity and line losses for that period of time. And as we went through the process, there were certain incentives that had been earned and certain penalties that had been incurred by the distribution network operators. But there was not a significant amount of accuracy in the metering and the data that was being received that ultimately calculated what the line losses were. And so Ofgem has been working since the end of that rate review period, to determine a formulaic approach to how best to address that data issue, and determine what would be the appropriate formulas to determine incentives and penalties. We had up to this point, up to this quarter, assumed that anything that we had received as incentives would ultimately be given back to customers and suppliers, and as the ultimate final determination came out of Ofgem this quarter, it was actually an increase in our liability, a penalty that was to be assessed, and so we needed to increase that liability by $65 million in the quarter. It was an item that was treated as a special item in the quarter, because it primarily related to the midlands businesses prior to our acquisition of those in 2011.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So going forward though, you would now expect this to be an item we should be thinking about?
Rick Klingensmith: That is correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just back to -- I think it was Kit who had asked this. I am sorry if I missed it. What would you say was the total weather impact across the company?
Paul Farr: The total net weather impact, Paul, was $0.04 for the first quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Thanks again.
William Spence: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neel Mitra at Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Hey good morning. I was wondering if you could tell us kind of roughly, where your hedge percentages for supply in 2016, and where that's tracking versus ratable?
William Spence: Okay. Dave DeCampli, do you want to comment on that?
David DeCampli: We haven't published those in the past. We are still in that band of kind zero to 30% for year three. Until we -- historically, till we have gotten those hedge levels up to something that's more meaningful, we haven't provided those. We are in the band, and we are cognizant of the benefit that we have seen in the first quarter from rising prices. Some of the things that we have been forecasting to happen around higher heat rates, rises in gas prices, the incremental volatility that's showing up as a result of the winter weather. In certain instances, we are probably more at the lower end of our ranges, given some of the fundamentals actually starting to come through. So we are sticking to the three year strategy at this point.
William Spence: And we will provide that on the Q3 call for sure.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Got it. Thank you. And then the expected generation from the baseload fleet for 2014 has gone up roughly, a little bit over three terawatt hours since the last call. How much of that is due to this quarter, Q1 and can you comment on how the coal fleet ran in general, and then how much of that three terawatt hour increase is due to the rest of the year and the forward prices?
William Spence: Sure, Dave?
David DeCampli: Yeah. The majority of the increase is actually in the balance of the year. Not much of it was in the first quarter. The coal units were expected to run a good part of the winter. So what you're seeing is majority of that in the second half of the year. Dark spreads have improved. Most of that is going to be in the off-peak in the shoulder months where we hadn't originally planned to run those units. So with pricing as we are seeing, we expect that generation to occur in shoulder months at all peak, primarily. What was the other part of your question, there were two parts to it?
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: In capacity factors, how did the coal fleet run in the first quarter versus the first quarter of last year?
David DeCampli: Yeah. The fleet ran very well. We had just one outage in the -- one forced outage, back in early January, that lasted for 24, 26 hours. But beyond that, the coal fleet ran at capacity through all the periods it was called for.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay. And then, to add to the questions about looking at the options on Supply, may be I can ask it a different way. It seems like a lot of the value which you can receive from a third party would be from, possibly synergies or cutting O&M costs. So when you look at the various options, do you prefer a spin or a partnership, versus an outright sale? What's the best way to actually participate in some of the synergies or O&M cuts, which could substantially add value to supply?
David DeCampli: My only preference is to seek the highest value for the shareowners. Whatever form that comes in, it would be our objective. So I am reluctant to comment on any particular type or style of objective there, because there are various options, and we are open to considering the ones that are going to create the highest value.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay. Thank you very much.
David DeCampli: Sure.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Ridzon at KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just a real small question. What was the impact in Pennsylvania, the change in estimate?
Paul Farr: Paul, the change in estimate was reversal of storm costs accrual that we put on the books last year, that we got positive results from the commission. 11 of the 12 months we had accrued last year, we were not required to refund to consumers, so it was just adjusting that liability down.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Can you quantify it?
Paul Farr: A penny.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Paul Farr: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Michel Lapides at Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. Congrats on a good quarter. Two questions, a little bit unrelated after the more complex one first. I want to pay you a compliment, and that you are one of the only companies back in 2010-2011 timeframe, who made via corporate actions, meaning via M&A, a call on your view of, at least a three to five year view on merchant power, when you bought both the Kentucky businesses and you bought the U.K. business. In other words, kudos for making that call. It showed insight that I think a lot of other folks didn't show in terms of a three to five year view on merchant power in general. I now want to ask, if you look three to five years and then look longer term, in general, what's your near term or medium term view on merchant power and then long term view?
William Spence: Sure. On the near to mid term view, I think its more or less unchanged from what we said on prior quarters, which is that we did not believe that forward prices were truly reflective of the supply and demand fundamentals, and the looming coal retirements that we had anticipated. And I think this winter highlighted how tight the supply and demand could be, when you remove some of that coal from the dispatch stack. So the movements that we have seen in power prices in the forwards now, essentially reflect our fundamental view that we have held for quite a while now.  If you look longer term, I think strategically, you still are going to have a fairly volatile complex in the power and natural gas sectors. So I think as you know, natural gas is a significant driver to the power markets, and we continue to see a lot of uncertainty in the gas markets which will drive uncertainty in the power market. So I think our view, while it has improved, it has improved towards our fundamental view, A. And B, perhaps it has improved even beyond that, and may be things will be significantly better than we are all anticipating in the longer term. However, its still going to be, I think, a volatile ride in our view, and one that you just have to ensure that you are prepared to survive.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Do you guys have a view whether its for purchasing gas -- do you have a view on gas basis differentials, kind of in and around your part of PJM? I am just kind of looking at what's happening at TETCO versus NYMEX over the last -- really over the last six or nine months, both in the spot market and in the forward markets, where TETCO or Marcellus gas had been in a sizeable discount, is actually trading a little bit about Henry Hub?
William Spence: I think our view would be shaped by the timing of a lot of the pipeline expansion projects that are attempting to deliver the Marcellus shale and the other Eastern shale into the key markets, namely the mid-Atlantic and northeast markets. In terms of a specific view on MMBTU in basis, we don't really have a particular viewpoint, a strong viewpoint I should say, on that.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Last one, unrelated to the merchant markets. When you look across your businesses, which ones do you think have the greatest opportunities over a multiyear period for O&M cost management, and which ones will be a little harder to implement O&M cost savings?
William Spence: I think there's opportunities across the board, but I don't know that any particular group is easy or more difficult than another. So we attempt to be as efficient as we can across the board. So I don't know that I can specifically say that there is one group or another that's any more equipped or better prepared to embark on significant cost cutting. I think our number one priority in terms of aggressive control of costs is really around the supply business as it needs to be.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thanks guys and congrats on a good quarter.
William Spence: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill at Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: Thank you. I was wondering if you could touch base on Kentucky and what your thoughts there are in terms of the timing of rate case filing?
William Spence: Okay, sure Greg. Vic, why don't you?
Victor Staffieri: I think its likely that we will make a rate case filing by the end of the year.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Fleishman at Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Yeah hi. Good morning.
William Spence: Good morning Steve.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Hey Bill. So just a question on hedging. It look like you added a decent amount of hedging for 2015, and the average hedge price in the East came down a decent amount. Is that just kind of the prices you hedged and may be a bit early in the year, is there something else that occurred, that would explain that?
William Spence: Dave can provide some color around that.
David DeCampli: Steve its primarily -- the focus of our hedging recently has been on off-peak hour, and we got aggressive there, that's why you see the pull down in price.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Got you. So would you say that the 30% that's still open for 2015 is very weighted towards peak?
David DeCampli: Actually, it has gotten fairly close to even at this point.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. And then, sorry to ask a PJM question, but just, one of the things this year is, there is a PTL zone that has been created. I mean, do you think that there is a decent chance that that zone separates, and why was it created?
William Spence: Well I think it was probably created around the challenges that coal plants in particular face, and looking at the region around our Brunner Island station, I think PJM felt that it may be there is a need there to send the price signal. But its really hard to judge Steve, whether that zone will break out in this auction or not. So we don't really have an expectation necessarily that it will. But again, a lot of volatility in the parameters coming into this auction compared to others, and then, as I mentioned on an earlier question, the bidding behavior, we are expecting to be probably different than it probably has been in the past.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani at Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just talk about the excess leverage investment capacity you have today, and hypothetically, if you were to exit the merchant power business, what that does to that capacity, just given lower business risk?
William Spence: Paul, why don't you?
Paul Farr: Hi Rajeev, this is Paul. I guess the way I would think about things is, we are at our targeted credit metrics across the complex. The internal cash flow that we generate is basically going to from all of the business and Supply is obviously a cash flow positive contributor, is going towards rate base growth and maintaining equity ratio at the utilities, as they deploy that significant amount of CapEx that we have in the schedule and in the appendix, and going to pay the dividend, which we recently announced an increase on. So I don't feel uncomfortable with where we are at from a balance sheet perspective in any way. If there was a structural separation of the Supply business, I don't want to pre-judge what the rating agencies would do as they evaluate that. But clearly, to Bill's earlier comment, you'd be taking out the most volatile risky component of the enterprise, and the remaining pieces that are left, should be able to live with, lower -- at that point, consolidated FFO to debt metrics. Obviously, the Supply business is high for a reason, it reflects that volatility. In pre or post, some type of structural event if you will, I think the company is in very good shape.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then a follow-up on the U.K. side, can you just talk about some of the pluses and minuses around your guidance that you have provided before? I think it was for 2015, 2016 and may be where you are within those ranges, or even outside of them?
William Spence: Okay. Rick?
Rick Klingensmith: Sure. Good morning. We had provided back, July 1 of last year, when we submitted our business plans into the RIO-ED1 process, some outlooks associated with 2015 and 2016 ranges. And as we went through the RIO process, gotten through the final determination. Got through the effects of the cost of equity changes, incorporated the fast track benefits that we are getting from that and updated our spending and our pension expense and currency hedging programs, we expect that the earnings are within the ranges that we had provided, but likely at the higher end of the ranges in 2015 and 2016.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: Great. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Gordon at ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: My question was just asked and answered. Thank you.
William Spence: Great. Amy, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Then our last question will come from Brian Chin at Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi good morning.
William Spence: Good morning.
Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Just a minor one, on slide 16, the projected CapEx, there was a small uptick in corporate CapEx versus the last set of slides, just what is that?
Paul Farr: Rounding. Its just extremely minor, typically in that bucket, its primarily IT expenditures for corporate platforms that get spread across the enterprise. So just very small modifications to how we see the timing of certain projects.
Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Got you. Great. That's it. Thank you very much.
Paul Farr: Thank you. Sure.
William Spence: Okay operator, thank you very much; and PPL, as we just talked about, had a very strong quarter, and we continue to execute on all fronts. We thank you for joining us today, and look forward to talking to you on our Q2 earnings call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Bergstein - VP, IR William Spence - Chairman, President and CEO Paul Farr - EVP and CFO Victor Staffieri - Chairman, CEO and President, LG&E and KU Energy Gregory Dudkin - President, PPL Electric Utilities David DeCampli - President, PPL Energy Supply
Analysts: Kit Konolige - BGC Partners Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt  Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Gregg Orrill - Barclays Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities  Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies  Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joseph Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides to this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of the factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL's Chairman, President and CEO.
William Spence: Thanks Joe. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. On the call with me are Paul Farr, PPL's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and three of our four Presidents for our business segments; Rick Klingensmith was unable to join us today. My opening remarks will cover 2013 earnings, our 2014 earnings forecast and operational highlights. I will ask Paul to cover our financial results in more detail, including the performance by segment, and of course, we look forward to your questions at the end. Let's start with the announced dividend increase effective with the April 1 payment. The new annualized rate will be $1.49 per share, up from $1.47 per share previously. This increase represents the twelfth increase in 13 years, and reflects a 181% increase over that period. Turning to earnings; today we announced 2013 reported earnings of $1.76 per share compared to $2.60 a share a year ago. Adjusting for special items are earnings from ongoing operations were $2.45 per share, exceeding both the top end of our 2013 forecast and our 2012 earnings from ongoing operations. The most significant special item was a fourth quarter after tax charge of $0.62 per share related to the termination of a lease agreement for the Colstrip power plant in Montana. That lease termination will facilitate the previously announced sale of our Montana hydroelectric assets to Northwestern Energy. For the fourth quarter, I reported loss of $0.16 per share, including the Colstrip lease termination charge. Quarterly earnings from ongoing operations were $0.60 per share, an increase from $0.49 per share a year ago. We exceeded the top end of our 2013 ongoing earnings forecast range, because of the exceptional performance of each business segment. We saw increased earnings from each of the three regulated segments, and continued aggressive measures in our competitive energy Supply business, to reduce operating expenses, and optimize the value of our competitive generating facilities. I am very pleased with -- (inaudible). Turning to Slide 5, today we are announcing a 2014 earnings forecast of $2.05 per share to $2.25 per share, with the midpoint of $2.15 per share. The strength of our regulated businesses provides a solid foundation for company earnings, with substantial well-defined prospects for future growth. Paul will provide details on the earnings forecast by segment in his prepared remarks. On Slide 6, we have highlighted some of the key operational accomplishments of our regulated businesses. We have been committed to improving earned returns across all of our jurisdictions, and in Kentucky, our earned regulatory ROE was 10.17% for 2013. The solid performance was driven by an increase in base rates, partially offset by regulatory lag on non-ECR spending and inflationary increases. In the UK, we continue to deliver solid returns with an earned ROE, including the effects of goodwill of 17.8% in 2013, a direct result of our frontier operational performance. And in Pennsylvania, we improved our transmission and distribution combined regulatory ROE to 10.42% through effective cost management and higher revenues. Of course, our GAAP to ROE is a bit lower in Pennsylvania, due to some items that are not recoverable in rates. In November, we learned that the eight year business plans for all four of our western power distribution subsidiaries were found suitable for accelerated condition or fast tracking under RIO-ED1. Our well justified business plans reflect WPD's operational excellence on reliability, costs, and customer satisfaction, which our U.K. management has delivered for years, and continues to achieve today. Our WPD subsidiaries are ranked as the top four distribution network operators in Ofgem's broad measure of customer satisfaction, thus far in the current regulatory year. Turning back to the U.S.; we continued progress on major infrastructure projects, including the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line in Pennsylvania, environmental upgrades at our Kentucky power plants and construction of a combined cycle natural gas generating plant at our Cane Run facility in Louisville. Our company also recently achieved significant regulatory milestones for two other important infrastructure projects. The Pennsylvania PUC has approved construction of a $335 million reliability upgrade in the Pocono Mountain Region, that includes approximately 60 miles of new transmission lines and three new substations. And in January, we filed a request with the Kentucky Public Service Commission for approval of a second natural gas combined cycle power plant, and a 10-megawatt solar energy facility. These generation projects total more than $700 million, and will provide our Kentucky customers with reliable low cost generation, that meets the latest EPA regulations. Turning to distribution and sales on Slide 7; you will see the total weather normalized sales in the fourth quarter, increased in both Kentucky and Pennsylvania from a year ago, driven by higher industrial load. In Kentucky, some of our automotive and steel customers maintained production levels in the fourth quarter, with fewer maintenance shutdowns than we had in 2012. In Pennsylvania, higher industrial sales were primarily a result of increased usage from the steel and cement industries, due to commercial and industrial expansion projects in the region. On an annual basis, sales in both states were relatively flat, driven by energy efficiency measures and regional economic conditions. For 2014, we project load growth between 0.5% to 1% at both our Kentucky and Pennsylvania utilities. Taking a look at slide 8; I have already mentioned the agreement to sell PPL Montana's 11 hydro plants to Northwestern Energy, and that proceeds from that sale will enable us to reduce financing needs for future capital investment and our rate regulated business segments. Our Susquehanna nuclear plant achieved record output in the fourth quarter, operating at a capacity factor of 100%. We increased our total generation output at the facility by 12% in 2013, as we continue to analyze and assess detailed information on the performance of the turbines for both units. We will be installing additional modifications this spring to address blade cracking issues, with a goal to allow the units to run, without repair for their full two year operating cycles. Finally, we continued our management of operating expenses at our Supply business, by reducing costs by $40 million in 2013. We expect to keep O&M essentially flat through 2016. Before turning over the call to Paul, I'd like to give you a summary of some of our 2014 objectives. I have already mentioned approval of the northeast Pocono transmission line by the PaPUC in January. This is a key step towards strengthening reliability in the region. And our Susquehanna-Roseland transmission project remains on budget and on time for a mid-2015 in-service date. In the U.K., we expect the final determination from Ofgem on fast track business plan approval for all four of our distribution networks by the end of February, and the decision on the cost of equity reveal the week of February 17th. In Kentucky, we are analyzing the potential for a rate case filing, to keep pace with our significant investment in the state; and we will continue to invest in our regulator infrastructure to ensure safe, reliable electric delivery. Finally, we will continue our focus to manage costs and Supply and maintain positive earnings in that business. So in summary, 2013 was an exceptional year for PPL. We executed very well on our extensive construction plans and delivered strong earnings results, including ROEs above 10% at all three of our utility businesses. We continue to deliver on our commitments to customers as well, with numerous awards in 2013 for our outstanding customer service, safety and reliability, positioning the company for continued success. For 2014, we are confident in our ability to achieve our earnings forecast, and the colder weather has provided a good start. I look forward to your questions, and I will now turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Farr: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone. Let's move to slide 10; our strong fourth quarter reflects higher earnings from each of our operating segments compared to 2012. Quarterly earnings at our regulated businesses increased, driven by improved gross margins due to higher base rates in Kentucky, higher U.K. revenues on higher prices, and higher transmission margins in Pennsylvania, due to capital investments in grid infrastructure. In the Supply business, we experienced improved quarterly earnings, primarily due to higher nuclear generation output and higher capacity prices, partially offset by lower baseload energy prices. Full year 2013 earnings from ongoing operations increased over last year, due to strong performance from our domestic and U.K. utilities. This performance was partially offset by the expected lower supply segment earnings, and dilution of $0.27 per share. Let's move now to a more detailed review of 2013 segment earnings drivers, starting with Kentucky on slide 11. Kentucky earned $0.48 per share in 2013, a $0.15 increase compared to 2012. This increase was due to higher retail margins, primarily due to higher base rates, that went into effect on January 1 last year for LG&E and KU, and higher earnings from environmental CapEx. These positive margin drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation and dilution of $0.04 per share. Moving to slide 12; our U.K. business earned $1.32 per share in 2013, a $0.13 increase over 2012. This increase was due to higher utility revenue, primarily due to the April 1 price increase that impacted all four of our utilities, and lower U.K. income taxes as a result of a lower effective tax rate; partially offset by higher O&M expense, largely due to higher network maintenance costs, higher depreciation due to higher network investments and dilution of $0.14 per share. Turning now to slide 13; our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.31 per share in 2013, a $0.09 increase over 2012. This increase was due to higher distribution rates that went into effect on January 1 of 2013, higher transmission margins and lower O&M, primarily due to lower storm and support troop costs, partially offset by higher depreciation and dilution of $0.04 per share. Finishing with Supply on slide 14 for the detailed driver revenue, this segment earned $0.39 per share in 2013, a year-over-year decrease of $0.29 per share. This decrease was primarily due to lower energy margins, driven by lower energy prices, partially offset by higher capacity prices and increased nuclear generation output. Higher depreciation and higher income taxes, primarily due to state tax rate changes. Partially offsetting these drivers, was lower O&M, primarily due to lower outage spending. Segment results also include dilution of $0.05 per share. Turning to slide 15; we have prepared a walk from our $2.45 per share in actual 2013 ongoing earnings to the $2.15 per share midpoint of our 2014 forecast. Starting with Pennsylvania regulated, we expect higher margin to drive a significant increase in earnings in 2014, primarily due to transmission investments, including a substantial amount of work on the Susquehanna-Roseland line. In addition, we expect an increase in distribution revenue, due to a full year benefit of the DISC mechanism in 2014. In the U.K., we anticipate flat earnings year-over-year, including a four set negative impact as a result of our voluntary agreement with the U.K. Department of Energy and Climate Change and Ofgem, and voluntarily reduce residential customer bills by GBP5 per customer on an annual basis. As a reminder, these revenues will be collected in future regulatory years, including a full carrying charge for the deferral. U.K. regulated segment earning drivers are a net result of increased revenues due to higher prices and higher incentive revenues. Lower O&M due to reduced pension expense. Higher depreciation, higher financing costs and higher income tax expense. In Kentucky, we expect lower earnings in 2014, primarily due to higher O&M, higher depreciation and higher financing costs, partially offset by improved margins driven by environmental CapEx, and modest retail load growth. Finally in Supply, we expect lower earnings, primarily due to lower energy margins, as a result of lower energy and capacity prices, and higher depreciation expense. These negative drivers in Supply are partially offset by lower financing costs and lower income taxes. One additional data point for you regarding supply for 2014, our forecast assumes a sale of the Montana hydro portfolio at the end of third quarter of this year. On slide 16; we provide updates on our free cash flow before dividends. Actual 2013 free cash flow before dividends was about $325 million higher than the projection we provided last February. The primary drivers of the net increase include higher cash from operations at our regulated businesses, including the benefit of higher anticipated earnings and lower capital expenditures at our supply segment. Partially offset by payments related to determination of the Colstrip power plant lease. Looking at 2014, we are projecting an increase in our free cash flow, primarily driven by proceeds from the pending sale of the Montana hydro facilities. In addition, we expect cash from operation to increase due to lower deferred taxes and lower pension contributions, and we also expect slightly lower capital expenditures in 2014, mainly in Kentucky. Our planned capital expenditures for 2014 through 2018 are detailed on slide 17, with regulated utility investment totaling almost $17 billion over that period. This includes previously announced initiatives such as U.K. spending for our filed RIO-ED1 business plans; executing on our environmental compliance plans in Kentucky to meet EPA regulations, and the construction of two combined cycle gas utilities, as well as updating and modernizing ageing infrastructure in Pennsylvania. In addition, our revised plan reflects incremental transmission investment of over $650 million in Pennsylvania through 2017, including $400 million for our improved system reliability programs, that identify areas to strategically approve system performance, including adding more automation to our transmission assets, and $250 million for our asset optimization programs, to enhance or rebuild existing transmission assets, to ensure their continued reliable performance. Turning to slide 18; our updated investment plan drives a CAGR of about 7% in our projected rate base through 2018, driving value for both customers and shareholders. Finally, on slide 19, our Board approved a $0.02 increase in our common stock dividend, increasing it to $1.49 per share on an annualized basis, as Bill mentioned, effective with the April 1 dividend. This dividend level represents a 69% payout ratio, based on the midpoint of our 2014 earnings forecast, and the dividend is solidly covered by earnings from our rate regulated businesses. That's the end of my prepared remarks, and I will now turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
William Spence: Thank you, Paul, and operator, we are now ready to accept questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Kit Konolige of BGC. Please go ahead. 
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Good morning gentlemen.
Paul Farr: Good morning Kit.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: So to follow a little bit on the projection of cash flow and CapEx. So in 2014, as you have described Paul, the proceeds from the sale of the hydro assets, gets you into positive territory on free cash flow before dividends. In our projections, going forward after 2014, you would continue to have a pretty significant deficit in that free cash flow before dividends. Can you talk a little bit about your financing plans for the significant rate base growth that you are talking about?
Paul Farr: Sure. I think we have covered this in prior calls. We have front-ended quite a bit of the equity with the converged securities. We had the $1.150 billion that converted this past year, mid year, and we have got another almost $1 billion plus the equity forward that we did this past year. And then we have got almost $1 billion that's converting mid-year this year. You talked about the $900 million pre-tax that's expected from the sale of the hydro facilities. So as we look at our target credit metrics, we look at the internal cash flow which, as we move towards the back end of the plan from a domestic regulated utility perspective, gets much improved from where we sit today, given that we are starting to harvest cash from these significant investments that we are making in the infrastructure. We do get real time recovery of a very significant majority of the CapEx across the regulated utility space, the regulated utility segment. So, at this point in time, we don't forecast the need for equity beyond basically, what we have already got submitted to the company.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Okay. And can you talk to us a little bit about the outlook for rate cases in Kentucky and Pennsylvania, and the latest on the RIO proceedings? I think we had that update at the end of February I think on RIO on the ROE issue?
William Spence: Yeah, starting with the U.K. on that point, Kit, we do expect the week of February 17 to have some signal on the ROE issue, and then final determination for our fast tracking by the end of the month. I will ask Vic Staffieri to cover the Kentucky rate case outlook, and then following that Greg Dudkin for the PA outlook.
Victor Staffieri: Sure. Kit, we are looking at a rate case. We are analyzing the notion of the rate case filing some time in 2014, and we are in the process of that analysis right now. We are taking into account of what the capital construction, and are not otherwise covered by our (inaudible), as well as this test period that we are looking at right now. We haven't made a determination, when we would final the amount, but its something we are certainly considering for 2014.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Okay.
Gregory Dudkin: And this is Greg Dudkin on Pennsylvania. We do not intend to file our rate case in 2014, and we will continue to look at the needs beyond 2014.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And from Dan Eggers of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey good morning guys.
William Spence: Good morning Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey good morning guys. Wrong phone. Just I guess real quick on the filing of the fast track decision. What information do you guys expect Ofgem to provide, as far as detailed financials and rate structure, and kind of the transparency into what that full package looks like, relative to what you guys gave last July, when you provided the earnings outlook?
William Spence: Well I think just as a general proposition, we don't expect a lot of changes, because the plans themselves have been deemed as accepted as filed. So the key piece that we are looking for is, what they may decide on an ROE basis. So we do expect that to be a constructive outcome. We know that, based on our past experience, that they have been very balanced. They recognize our need to finance these companies and maintain strong financial metrics across the board, both for equity, as well as for the debt side. So we are hopeful that the outcome, when we get it, the week of February 17 will be a constructive one.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Then I guess Bill, just on the $0.04 drag this year because of the customer rebate. Do we add $0.04 on to next year, so this is the one time recalibration down and then you guys should earn that back, so we should -- to normalize where the U.K. is?
Paul Farr: Yes. This is Paul. It will be spread over a couple of years, but yeah, we will get full recovery of that, including an equity carry component to the charge.
William Spence: It's really just pulling forward some of the benefit of the rate reduction that was otherwise going to happen with the shaping of revenues. And as long as we are able to get that full carry, we were economically neutral, and we were happy to do it.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Got it. I guess just you know, maybe Paul or Bill, could you give an update on the thought process around Supply, kind of evaluating your options and where you see that business setting out and maybe, when we will hear the decision on strategic future?
William Spence: Sure. As you know, our current plan is to optimize the plants, and we are continuing to aggressively look at our cost structure and our operations to optimize the value of the fleet. Having said that, we are certainly open to other opportunities and routinely assess the potential for adding further value in the supply business and with the overall portfolio in total. So, we are willing to execute on opportunities, as evidenced by our decision to sell the Montana hydroelectric plants.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Do you think there is a point, Bill, where you guys make an affirmative decision, whether Supply is part of PPL on a long run basis, or whether its not part of PPL -- I guess for a lack of a better word, is this just going to be a wait and see and we are going to bug you with this question every quarter?
William Spence: I do get this question every quarter. We do think there is inherent value in this high quality fleet that we operate in upside potential, when we see the energy markets begin to recover. We are continuing on the plan to maintain a positive EPS contribution from that business to the company, and continue to believe that can be accomplished. But we are looking for opportunities to enhance the value all the time, and continue to assess options. I think its an ongoing process. There is no end date in mind, its continuous and we will continue to assess options for that business.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Got it. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Hi good morning. Can you hear me?
William Spence: Yes. Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent. Is this the implied ROEs on your 2014 guidance for the Pennsylvania and Kentucky utilities? Can you talk about that for a quick second?
Paul Farr: For 2014, we will look at between 8.5% and 9%.
William Spence: And Greg, in Pennsylvania?
Gregory Dudkin: From a regulatory perspective, both, combining T&D, its about 10.8%.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent. And then, going back to the supply business, could you talk a little bit more about the blade situation, just what the game plan is (inaudible) spring, in terms of outage timing and impact. Perhaps you could talk about that?
William Spence: Sure. I will ask Dave DeCampli to cover that.
David DeCampli: Yes Julien, there is two outages planned for this spring. We will be taking one unit off, just to do some modifications for the turbine blade situation. That will be a relatively short outage, during the month of March. Basically, we are going inside the turbine housings and removing some of the riveting in there, that disrupts the seam flow. We will also be replacing the turbine blades in that unit, to assure that we can get a full year run, till it connects refuel cycle in the spring of 2015. Unit 1 comes off for its refill outage, and within the scope of the refill outage, we will actually be doing a different modification to the -- this last rope of [suspect] turbine blades, will be installing a shorter redefined blade, that we believe will be likely part of the permanent solution. So the shorter blades will be installed, and it would be done inside the confines of the refuel outage duration in April and into early May. So we are doing two modifications, one on one unit, one on the other unit, both of which we think will contribute to the permanent solution to run two years, cycle to cycle.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great, excellent. Could you talk about how much that costs, in terms of -- in your CapEx budget, and perhaps from a DTH perspective, if we were to normalize that out in 15 hours [27:42], just to make sure, we are not capturing that on a go forward basis?
David DeCampli: Sure. The impact last year with the multiple outages we had to take, was about $30 million net income after tax impact. Forecast going forward for 2014 would be, a little more than half of that, and then of course, in performance year 2015, we expect to run full cycle.
Paul Farr: The maintenance CapEx around those (inaudible) is not significant, relative to the normal budget for Susquehanna.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent. And actually, since we are on the subject of CapEx, could you talk about a little bit, the shift in your 2014 CapEx budget? What exactly drove that? It looks like its WPD?
William Spence: WPD was a small amount. We provided that update, at the time we filed the business plan in July. It's gone up a small amount. Most of the rest of it is relatively consistent with what the prior expected spending was. We did add, as I said earlier, between 14 and 17, $650 million of transmission CapEx. So the maroon bar on slide 17, that's a little more back ended. But we do some level of increased spending, starting in 2014.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And then just lastly from a CapEx perspective, on timing of Susquehanna-Roseland CapEx. Should we expect a very disproportionate jump in earnings at the Pennsylvania utility? Just so you can just try to make sure we capture that project coming online and all that?
Paul Farr: Its about -- of the improvements, the significant increase in margins, what I talked about for 2014 on that earnings log slide. Susquehanna to Roseland was about $0.04 to $0.05 of that total amount. So it’s the single biggest driver, and then the DISC program was about $0.02.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And this should be continuing every year, right? To be clear?
Paul Farr: Yes. That's correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Neil Mitra of Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Hi. Good morning.
William Spence: Good morning Neel.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Paul, you referenced the $650 million in CapEx for transmission. Could you talk more about what those projects entail, as there are smaller projects, and whether you need approval or you can just file them through your formula rates?
Paul Farr: Sure. Let me have Greg address that.
Gregory Dudkin: Yeah. These are all projects on our existing facility, so its basically rebuilding our older facilities. We had some transmission lines that were built in the 1920s, so its basically rebuilding those lines, reconductoring those lines. As well as, about $400 million for improving reliability, which means things like having automated switches, transmission switches, better relays, that type of thing. They are all going to be recovered through the formula rate.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: And what ROE are you assuming you get on these?
Gregory Dudkin: Now it is 11.68.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: And then, are there more projects on the horizon that you think you can add or is this kind of the -- and with the $650 million?
Gregory Dudkin: Well, this is our best look right now at our plant. So this is what we see as prudent investment. If there are other opportunities that arise, we will take a look at those.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Got it. And then around O&M optimization at the Supply business, could you talk about what you are specifically targeting, whether its reducing O&M around Susquehanna, and maybe what the normalized O&M inflation will be, going forward, at Supply?
Paul Farr: Sure, as I indicated earlier, we did take out $40 million in costs last year in 2013. The items are really more related to the Fossil Fleet than they are to Susquehanna. We are not reducing O&M costs at Susquehanna. And on an ongoing basis, we are expecting flat O&M at the moment. But having said that, we are going to continue to look aggressively at ways we can reduce costs (inaudible), taking out the inflationary pressure.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay great. Thank you.
Paul Farr: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning.
William Spence: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: A lot of questions have been asked and answered. I just wanted to -- just in terms of the trading volume that you guys see in 2014 versus 2013, just the -- call it vortex or what have you, some more volatility. Any change in the outlook or anything that you could share with us?
Paul Farr: I would say, the only change there is more volatility obviously in the forwards, which to some degree, we have taken advantage of by layering some more hedges for 2015. We are already fairly highly hedged coming into 2014. But we were able to take advantage of that at hedge price levels that are at or above our business plan. So that had a positive impact. If you look at the overall mix between our generation of retail, the net effect of the weather in January, we expect to be positive, although we have not closed the books yet for January, but on a net basis, we still expect January to be positive to our EPS.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then what sort of a forecast for trading volume in 2014 versus 2013? Has there been a change in that, or how should we feel about that?
Paul Farr: No. Pretty much the same, no change. As you know, for us it’s a fairly immaterial part of the overall earnings and business mix.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Now, with respect to the transmission spend, should we expect any significant change in transmission capability, or is this just pretty much reliability kind of spending, when you are talking about this, reconductoring or what have you?
William Spence: Well I think from a capability, Susquehanna-Roseland is a big piece. The other ones are, improved reliability of our system. So its improving the reliability supply within our system, within PJM.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Then finally, the RPM outlook. Given that we now have that GR ruling, plan parameters come out, MOPR exemptions, could you -- would you like to share with us what your thoughts are, about what's going to be coming after (inaudible)?
William Spence: Well, with the planning parameters having just come out, we are still in the process of assessing and modeling what does it mean for PPL and the poll in general. So we haven't completed that work year, but we are continuing to take a look at what all this is likely to mean. So unfortunately, I can't give you even a best guess at this point about what we think, until we finish that modeling.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you. Can you just -- I don't want to beat on Montana too much, but have you had expressions of interest, have you shopped it around, and where in the process are we?
William Spence: Well, on the hydro asset sale, let me just start there. That process is moving ahead as we had anticipated. Both state and federal applications have been filed. Back in late December, Northwestern Energy submitted their application to the Montana PSC and there will be a discovery process, followed by a public hearing, which is scheduled for early July at this point. We would expect the final FERC order by June, which is what we have requested, and we expect the Montana PSC to rule, hopefully by around the September timeframe. For the rest of the assets remaining out there, we are just continuing to assess what options we have for those, and there is really no new update on that front at the moment.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: All [parties] have touched on this a little bit, but how much did the volatility hurt the retail business?
William Spence: Again on a net basis for us, with the fleet that we have and with the retail, it’s a net positive for us. But clearly, there is a drag on the retail end. I don't really have figures on exactly, as I mentioned, we haven't closed the books yet for January, so its really premature to give you a number. But clearly, we expect it to be a net drag on the retail front, offset by a very positive outcome on the generating fleet side.
David DeCampli: In between load following and retail, only a couple of thousand megawatts. If you go back to the, kind of 2008 shopping timeframe experience and everything that happened in that window, when the liquidity kind of drained up; retail and load following is a relatively small component of the total hedge book, and we expect -- to keep it at those levels growing organically and modestly. So you probably are -- you may be trying to triangulate what others are experiencing, but it’s a small piece of PPL.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it. So (inaudible) that long?
William Spence: Yes.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Yeah. Hi guys. Just a question on the CapEx and rate base slide. It looks like your CapEx over the next four years is up over $1 billion, but the rate base numbers are actually pretty much the same, or even a little lower in the initial years. Could you explain that?
Paul Farr: I am just kind of taking a quick look at those slides right now. The U.K. is up a bit in terms of kind of improved FX assumptions and other things that we have layered on. I talked about, at the front-end, the $650 million -- actually, when you wrap in 18, versus where we originally thought 18 was going to be at, transmission and distribution reliability in Pennsylvania is up by almost $1 billion. We will have to get back to you in terms of that net increase, and looking at 17. We were at roughly 28. Some of this transmission spend does go in more towards the back end, so you wouldn't start to see that, until we are being [gathered] in, till we get closer to the back end. But we can get back to you on the differential on the net rate base.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. Great. And then on the -- could you just may be update us on your currency hedge position?
Paul Farr: Yes. So for 2014, between the actuals and the books and where we sit with hedges, we are in excess of 92% actually hedged for the current year, and we are very materially hedged in the 70% to 80% range for 2015 as well. Right around $1.59 for this year hedges, and close t o$1.61 on next years.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Trahan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
William Spence: Thank you, Steve.
Paul Farr: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, congrats on a good quarter. Got a question for you, how are you thinking about O&M and cost management? Once you kind of get the final ruling out of Ofgem in the U.K. I mean, over the years, you have been one of the -- you've been basically the best operator from an O&M and cost per megawatt hour and other metric performance. How are you thinking about the ability and kind of the direction O&M will take over the next seven or eight years in the U.K.?
William Spence: Sure, I will let Paul answer on that one.
Paul Farr: Yeah, I would expect that we maintain the spending kind of for our plans, including what was filed with the RIO-ED1 plan. A lot of the costs, the efficiency that we are able to get out of the Midlands has been taken out. So I am certain, that there are some modest things that we can do around, continued supply chain optimization and other things. But we spend the dollars on the network to create the reliability, which drives our opportunity to outperform the bonus revenue targets. And so, everything that we look at, is done on a complete cost benefit basis, not for short term drivers and spending that we are doing in the Midlands now, some of it is literally catch-up spending that EON hadn't performed, and we will continue through that, through the end of the DPCR5 period. And then again, the plan is to spend, pursuant to the things that we are driving the net income numbers at -- that we provided on July 1 last year. We will update those numbers, once we can internalize the final RIO-ED1 outcome from a fast track perspective. But I wouldn't see cost reduction efforts being material in the U.K., as we move forward.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I wanted to ask a question about lag in Kentucky. I know you get the environmental costs are covered via the ECR, what about the cost recovery on the two combined cycles? Is that only recovered via traditional GRCs or rate cases or given that some of that is being built to replace some of the retiring coal units, any chance to eventually get recovery via a path to return mechanism?
William Spence: No. Today, they are only recoverable through general rate case.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks guys.
William Spence: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Gregg Orrill of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays: Thanks. I guess you've really touched on this already, but in Kentucky, just drivers for the rate case filing that you are going to be making?
William Spence: I mean, the driver is the new construction, the combined cycles that we just discussed very briefly there. Its going to be the -- how much capital investment we will spend between now and the end of the year, we want to recover that obviously, and so we are looking at what's the optimum time to file a case, given the stream of expenditures, as well as the test periods and what are the future rate years in the offerings. So those are the analysis. But it really will be driven by the capital investment that's not recoverable through the ECR.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays: Thanks.
William Spence: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Nathan Judge if Atlantic Equities. Please go ahead.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Hi. I just had a question on Kentucky as well. What's the current ROE for the last 12 months?
Paul Farr: 10.2.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: 10.2. So is the reduction in earned ROE that you expect in 2014 related to regulatory lag, or is it -- because that sounds quite a bit?
Paul Farr: It has got a log, it has got increased OEM expenses, because we have inflation, we have wage increases. We have got some additional outages that we didn't have in the 12 months ended, 12/31/2013. And then of course, the additional capital spend, that's otherwise recoverable through the ECR. Those are the drivers. As well as, we have modest load growth. We are using about 0.5%. So we don't have that much load growth to offset inflation and wage increases and the like. That's what's really driving it.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay. And so, kind of speaking beyond through 2015 and the flow-through of rate case. I mean, if you file this in 2014, when would we see returns get back to those levels, that would be more acceptable?
Paul Farr: We generally look to file rate cases when we (inaudible) 9% on an ROE basis, so we would -- if we filed in say June of 2014, new rates would go in effect on 1/1/2015. So its about a six month lag between filing the case and the new rates going into effect.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Just generally on overall company, could you just give us an idea of the swing in pension expense this year versus last?
Paul Farr: Yeah. So for 2014, we'd expect across all the segments, about a $0.07 improvement in pension, running through the P&L, about a nickel of that in the U.K., and then about $0.02, pretty much evenly split between Kentucky, and then the balance of EU and Supply.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay. Thank you. Just finally, on the Supply business, especially on the retail. Given that it is a small part, we have seen from your peers that, its not providing the kind of return to invested capital that other opportunities are posing for them. How do you think of that business, given how small it is, and the kind of returns its obviously providing right now?
William Spence: Well, the biggest value for us is really on the ability to hedge the output of some of our fleet. So we look at it really as a tool, that we can use among other tools, to place the generation into the marketplace. So that's the primary purpose of it. I think, in terms of incremental investments to go beyond that, its not something that we are focused on. We are obviously, very focused on the regulated side of the business, and incremental capital that we have is going into the regulated side of the business.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Is the capital employed and not (inaudible) business is more or less than what it would be, if you went on and hedged it?
Paul Farr: It would be less than if we went out and just get straightforwards or collars where we'd -- on a mark-to-market basis to the extent that prices go against us and rise after we lay in those hedges. We are posting collateral at the ICE and NYMEX and the exchanges, given that the OTC side of things is pretty much kind of dried up. So if we use the traditional hedges, and we do -- as we do expect to see a rising price environment, we'd be joint on LCs and cash postings to be able to meet those calls. So on a working capital basis, it consumes less.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: So how much of your retail provides hedge to your overall generation then?
Paul Farr: Less than 20% I guess -- 9% and 14%.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Converging that, it would make sense for you to increase that business, right?
Paul Farr: Well yeah, we have lived through. We just got then, answering a couple of questions on, what retail load experienced here in the month of January, which has clearly been negative; because the weather has been -- we forecast normal weather ranges around the volatility in that load, plus volatility around things like shopping. The weather has truly been exceptional in January, and even in the front part of February here. So as I said earlier in my comments, we have lived through some of this volatility in the past, in 2008 and 2009, when shopping levels were high. We will plan to keep this business to be relatively modest in size. It’s a good natural hedge, because most of the hedging we are doing, is to customers' right in the same neighborhood, that this generation has been hedging, since it has been built. So we've looked for us to be aggressive in adding to that. But there will be periods of time when that retail book provides better return opportunities than agendas and periods like in January and February, where the gen provides the better value proposition if you will of the total margins. But we will continue to modest in retail.
William Spence: I would just add that, when we look at retail, you have got to look at of course, what are the margins that that business can achieve, based on the competition in the marketplace, and is that incremental margin compared to your opportunities worth the incremental risk that you are picking up. So as Paul mentioned, on the positive side, you can lock in basis, but you can't necessarily lock with standard products. You don't have the collateral. It’s a good for us, a good match to our generation. So those are the positives. But on the negative side, your margins may not be commensurate with the risks that you are taking on. So we have to balance all of that, and then assess what's the proper and appropriate level of hedging we want to do, via the retail market.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies: Hey good morning. I just want to ask the 100th question on Supply and O&M. Just trying to get more granularity on may be how you can manage this and how low it could go. What's a good, range to use for -- if I wanted to model out for the power plants, a good like say, O&M per KW for like nuclear and coal assets that you guys have?
William Spence: Well, on the nuclear side, as I mentioned earlier, we are not looking to necessarily cut the O&M. That's the unique asset and we don't want to take any chances with not fully supporting the plant. So when you look at the O&M on a KW basis, on the other facilities, the fossil and hydro, that's something we continue to benchmark and look at best practices. I don't have the number off the top of my head that I can give you, so I will just say that we are going to continue to look for opportunities to aggressively cut costs where we can, and I think what we did in 2013 with the $40 million, it was an appropriate level and its probably in that kind of a range that you are going to see going forward, that may be, we can continue to target taking out. But beyond that, really hard to answer that question without more benchmarking.
David DeCampli: We do have verified, on our nuclear assets that we benchmark extremely well in O&M costs per KWH or KW as compared to other fleet units, new unit fleets and [new] unit standalone facilities as well. So we are really well in the game with our O&M costs, with the nuclear facility.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies: How about kind of like taking a second bite at the same question? When I look at say, 2012 OEM for Supply was like $1.40 billion. You knocked out $40 million. So 2013 is about $1 billion. How much of that is for like power plant and maintenance, versus may be other stuff that's in that line item?
David DeCampli: Its about an 80-20 split. Between 80% being that applied more direct to the supply business, 20% being more of the corporate and other overheads. And of that 80%, probably, I would say about $600 million to $700 million of that is direct O&M, associated with plant operations.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies: Great. Thank you.
William Spence: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Good morning guys.
William Spence: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Just quickly on the U.K., you said that -- you are hopeful of a constructive outcome on cost of equity. Can you give us a sense of -- does that mean, it is constructive in your mind, no change from what you filed, or it is constructive, sort of in line with the suggested 80 basis points that they talked about, when they -- I guess, came out with the initial fast tracking. Any color on that, relative to your guidance range (inaudible)?
William Spence: Constructive to me would be something less than the outcome that they saw on Ireland, and I would say that, our expectations -- its hard to gauge, but would be that, Ofgem would take a look at our specific performance and accordingly, grant us something that's reasonable. But I would say, if it came out somewhere in between, we'd just have to kind of assess. But I would expect if its not the status quo meaning no change, its going to be something -- I would hope, its something less, and we just have to assess, once we get to that point what that means, and what actions, if any, we would take as a result.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: And when you say, less, as in less significant a reduction?
William Spence: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Okay. Then just in terms of -- to understand the process, have you effectively been fast tracked to a pending, accepting an outcome on the ROE piece, sort of in your court, when that decision comes out, or has that decision already been taken, you are sort of -- and I can't remember whether -- what your options are at that point?
William Spence: We could -- depending right now, we are waiting for the February 17, that week for an outcome on the ROE. We will then assess what our options are at the end of that period. However, my understanding is, that we could go the slow tracker out, if we weren't happy with the outcome. But I think that might be unlikely, given the value and the benefit of the incremental revenues that you get by fast tracking. So I would think that that's a low probability, but again, we have to wait and see what Ofgem tells us in the outcome, on the week of the 17th, and assess where we are at that point.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Chin of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi good morning.
William Spence: Good morning.
Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Just to follow-up on John's question. In the -- let's hope unlikely event, that the ROE decision is not as constructive as you deem. Can you give a sense about how long your assessment period might be, before you notify what your course of action is going to be?
William Spence: I think it would be relatively quick, probably within a week.
Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, I did hear your -- as a second separate question. I did hear your answer to Paul Patterson on RPM. Just one small question on RPM still. We did notice that the PPL region was broken out separately by PJM, and they have indicated that regions that were broken out separately, were due to potential future generator deactivations in each LDA. Now, it doesn't look like the PPL region is particularly transmission constrained, so it would seem as though, potential future generator deactivations is what they are concerned about. Any color as to why the PPL region was one of the three regions that PPL broke out, because of that thought process?
William Spence: I really don't know why I would not think that its bigger than, at least not predominantly, by generator deactivations. I am not aware of any significant generators that are planning to retire, and its certainly, none of the PPL generators. So until we get more clarity on that, I am not exactly sure why they believe it could break out.
Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Very helpful. Thank you.
William Spence: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Shar Pourreza of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup: Good morning everyone.
William Spence: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup: Most of my questions have been answered, but let me ask you on your fuel hedges. Despite the move that we have seen in gas, you've seen coal prices kind of come off, but your hedge profile hasn't really changed, at least at the long end of the curve. Could you may be just comment on, whether you've been able to layer on, some more fuel hedges, at least on the coal side post Q4?
William Spence: Sure. Dave?
David DeCampli: Our coal hedges for 2014 are standing at about 94% and in 2015, about 63%. Beyond that, we are just continuing to take a look at the price of coal, market prices for energy, and we will hedge in, as appropriate. But we stand currently at 94% and 63% for 2014 and 2015.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup: Okay. And your fuel hedges -- your coal hedges haven't changed for 2015, right? Since EEI?
William Spence: No. Not materially. But for the last couple of years, we have also rolled some coal in contracts and pile into the subsequent year. So again, depending upon where we see capacity factors, especially this spring and fall, you could see some movement, ultimately between the years as well. The value of the hedge is the value of the hedge, so we have captured that. But we are cognizant of the decline or the trending in the decline in coal prices, and we will monitor that. But I don't think, we are going to be actively pursuing significant increases in these hedges in the near term.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup: Got you. Got you. And just one last question, have you and your native load around the service territory, have you seen any third party retail providers exit the system? Given the recent volatility?
David DeCampli: I don't know that we have seen any material ones. I think we have heard a few, very small providers going out of business. But we don't really have a lot of data points, to be honest.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks very much.
William Spence: Operator, we are coming up on the 60 minute mark here, so we will take one more question please?
Operator: Our last question is from Brian Russo of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Hi good morning.
William Spence: Hi.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Just, could you update on the Colstrip Unit 4 repairs, have they been concluded, and is the unit back online?
David DeCampli: Yeah, this is David DeCampli. Colstrip Unit 4 came back online full power in late January. So it is returned to service.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Great. Thank you.
William Spence: Okay, you're welcome. Okay, operator, I believe that's it, and thanks everyone for joining us today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein William H. Spence - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul A. Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman of LKE, Chief Executive Officer of LKE and President of LKE Rick L. Klingensmith - President of PPL Energy Services Group LLC and President of PPL Global David G. DeCampli - President of PPL Electric Supply
Analysts: Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides to this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. This time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call are Paul Farr, PPL's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and the Presidents of 3 of our 4 business segments. Greg Dudkin, President of PPL Electric Utilities, is not able to join us today. I'll start today's call with an overview of third quarter and year-to-date results, briefly review operational highlights, and then I'll discuss the increase to our midpoint of the 2013 earnings forecast that we announced this morning. Following my remarks, Paul will review the financial results in more detail. Today, we're reporting solid earnings for the third quarter and year-to-date. Quarterly earnings from ongoing operations increased by 3% over 2012 on a net income basis, driven by continued growth in our regulated business segments in the United Kingdom, Pennsylvania and Kentucky. Through 9 months, earnings from ongoing operations are 6% higher than a year ago. On Slide 4, you'll notice that on a per-share basis ongoing earnings are slightly lower than 2012 for both the quarter and year-to-date, primarily due to the increased share count associated with the 2010 and 2011 equity units, which we've discussed in some detail in previous calls. I'd also like to note that third quarter and year-to-date 2013 earnings were negatively affected by $0.06 per share due to a noncash adjustment deferred tax asset. Paul will address this item in more detail shortly. Excluding those items, ongoing earnings per share from our regulated business segments are up by 23% year-to-date compared to the first 9 months of 2012. The regulated business segments represent almost 90% of PPL's ongoing earnings on a year-to-date basis. Moving to Slide 5. Today, we're announcing an increase to the midpoint of our 2013 earnings forecast as a result of the continuing strong performance of our regulated business segments. Specifically, we're increasing the midpoint of our ongoing earnings forecast to $2.35 per share from the previous midpoint of $2.32 per share. The increase is driven primarily by a $0.04 improvement in projected earnings from our U.K. Regulated segment. Our U.K. business continues to deliver superior results both financially as well as operationally. Let's move to Slide 6 for a review of some of the operational highlights of the quarter. We recently received work from the U.K. Office of Gas and Electricity Markets that it expects to announce its initial business plan assessment and fast track draft determination on November 22. In that announcement, we will learn whether any of our 4 U.K. subsidiaries will receive accelerated consideration of their business plans under the RIIO-ED1 process. Subsequent to the submittal of our business plans on July 1, we have met with Ofgem staff and the committee of its board in accordance with Ofgem's schedule, and we continue to believe that our well-justified plans support the fast tracking of all 4 of our distribution network operators. Another recent highlight for our U.K. Regulated segment was the determination of the 2012 and 2013 annual incentive awards for WPD. Beginning April 1, 2014, we expect to collect about $110 million in bonus revenue due to our strong operating metrics, which is a 30% increase to what we received for the 2011-2012 regulatory year. Included in that award was more than $10 million for customer satisfaction measures, an element of the annual perform metrics where customers are surveyed regarding outages, connections and general inquiries. And in the current regulatory year, our outstanding performance has continued as the WPD subsidiaries hold the top 4 positions in Ofgem's broad measure of customer satisfaction. Moving on to our Kentucky Regulated segment. We recently completed an evaluation of bids for future energy supply needs. Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities plan to file for Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity to build a 700-megawatt combined-cycle natural gas power plant and a 10-megawatt solar energy facility. We expect that filing to occur by the end of the year. These 2 projects totaling about $725 million will provide our Kentucky customers with reliable, low-cost generation that meets the latest Environmental Protection Agency regulations. Finally, in Pennsylvania, we continue to execute our major initiatives to upgrade the transmission system for safety and reliability. We are more than 50% complete on the $630 million Susquehanna-Roseland project and reached the construction milestone just this week. By energizing a 17-mile segment of the line. We continue to estimate completion of the Pennsylvania portion by June of 2015. Also, we recently received good news for the $335 million Northeast/Pocono transmission project. The Pennsylvania PUC administrative law judge issued a recommend decision concluding that PPL met its burden on all issues and recommended that the commission approve the siting applications, 2 zoning petitions and the remaining eminent domain applications. We expect to final PUC order in the first quarter of 2014. Turning to distribution sales on Slide 7. You will see that weather-normalized sales in the third quarter were down slightly in both Kentucky and Pennsylvania from a year ago. In Kentucky, weather-normalized residential sales were lower in the quarter but remained higher for the 12-month period ending September 30. Although Kentucky commercial sales were up almost 1% in the quarter, the 12-month period reflects the struggles of small businesses in the Louisville area and the economic impact of the mining industry downturn in Eastern Kentucky. Kentucky industrial volumes decreased, primarily reflecting planned maintenance shutdowns and lower production from some of our largest customers. In Pennsylvania, improved economic conditions led to higher weather-normalized sales in the commercial sector in the quarter, which were offset by reductions in the residential and industrial sectors due largely to customers implementing energy efficiency measures. On an actual basis, the more temperate summer weather in the quarter compared to 2012 led to lower kilowatt hour sales in both regions. We expect total electric sales for both Kentucky and Pennsylvania for 2013 to be relatively flat year-over-year. Now turning to Slide 8 for an update on the supply business. In September, we announced an agreement to sell PPL Montana's 11 hydroelectric plants to NorthWestern Energy for $900 million. The agreement is subject to regulatory approvals, including the Montana Public Service Commission and FERC and is expected to close in the second half of 2014. The net process of about $623 million will enable us to reduce financing needs for our future capital investment in our rate-regulated businesses. In the East, we recently completed a turbine blade inspection outage on Susquehanna Unit 2 at the Susquehanna nuclear plant. Based on our engineering analysis of the Unit 1 turbine in Susquehanna, we're not planning any outage until its planned refueling in the spring of 2014. In the appendix of today's presentation, we provided an update to our forecasted generation and hedge disclosures, including the addition of our 2015 hedge levels. Lastly, we're encouraged by 2 recent favorable decisions from the federal courts, invalidating state attempts to subsidize new generation in PJM. In these cases, federal judges agreed with us that New Jersey and Maryland unconstitutionally infringed on FERC's exclusive authority to regulate the wholesale power market. These decisions, in our view, reinforce the integrity of competitive generation markets. In closing, we're pleased with the earnings growth from our regulated business segments and the ability of our supply business to manage through challenging power market conditions. The efforts to the entire organization and our expectations of continued strong perform enabled us to increase our 2013 earnings forecast. We remain very optimistic about our prospects for growing shareowner value through strong operational performance, disciplined financial management and superior execution of our regulated growth opportunities. I look forward to your questions, and now we'll turn the call over to Paul Farr. Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 9. PPL's third quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased over last year, driven by improved earnings in all 3 regulated business segments. The supply segment experienced an earnings decline as we expected, primarily due to lower hedged wholesale power prices. On an earnings-per-share basis, earnings declined in the third quarter due to additional shares included in our share count year-over-year. The higher share count impacted ongoing earnings per share by $0.08 for the period. Let's start the segment review with Kentucky results on Slide 10. Kentucky earned $0.14 per share in the third quarter, a $0.02 increase compared to last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher margins due to new base rates that went into effect January 1 and increased environmental investments partially offset by lower volumes driven by more temperate weather this year. Kentucky's positive margins were partially offset by dilution of $0.02 a share. Moving to Slide 11. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.31 per share in the third quarter, a $0.03 increase over last year. This increase was due to higher utility revenue, primarily driven by the annual price increase on April 1 partially offset by an accrual for overrecovery of current year revenues and lower volumes due to weather. Income taxes are lower, primarily as a result of the decrease in corporate income tax rates in the U.K. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher network maintenance expense and dilution of $0.03 per share. Turning to Slide 12. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.08 per share in the quarter, a $0.02 increase compared to last year. This increase was the result of higher delivery margins, primarily due to a new distribution rates but went into effect on January 1, as well as the increased transmission investment. The margin improvement was partially offset by dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving to Slide 13. Our supply segment earned $0.14 per share in the third quarter, a $0.12 decline compared to last year. This decrease was primarily the net result of lower energy margins, driven by lower baseload energy prices and lower baseload generation partially offset by higher capacity prices, higher O&M, higher income taxes primarily resulting from a noncash adjustment to deferred tax assets that Bill mentioned previously. During the third quarter, we conducted a preliminary assessment of our ability to utilize Pennsylvania net operating loss carryforwards. Our long-range forecast of taxable income has declined since last year, reducing our ability to utilize these NOLs in the future. In prior years, we had recorded adjustments to this deferred tax item in the fourth quarter, and we will perform a final assessment in Q4. Finally, dilution impacted supply earnings by $0.02 per share. That completes the more detailed financial overview, and I'll now turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Paul, and operator, we're now ready to take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Kit Konolige of BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Couple of different areas. First of all, just on the sale of the hydro plants in Montana, you didn't sell Colstrip at the same time. What's the future of Colstrip at this point? Do you expect to hold that indefinitely? Or is that something you'd like to sell if you could? Or can you give us a little color on what led to the transaction taking that shape?
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, I'd say, relative to Colstrip, they are well-run environmentally compliant assets, and they do provide both positive cash flow, as well as positive earnings to the corporation. So we're happy to continue to run them in a safe and cost-effective manner. In terms of the sale to NorthWestern, I think, in that case, it was just a mutual agreement that, that made sense for them, provide a good value to PPL. So we were able to strike what we think is a very fair deal for both parties. So we'll continue to evaluate Colstrip, but for the time being, our plan is to continue to run it.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I could, Paul, could you go through a little bit more that the issue with the use of the NOLs? I didn't quite catch -- did you say the projection of future earnings, is that earnings at supply is expected to be lower than previously thought?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, most of that impact of the $0.06 does hit the supply segment. About $0.04 of the $0.06 was at supply. The other $0.02 was at corp. As we project, margins, look at cost for running the business, that's declined year-over-year. And this is a 20-year forecast, basically of utilizing these net operating loss carryforwards. And again, based upon where capacity prices cleared at, where we see forward energy prices, year-on-year, things have come down a bit, and so that valuation adjustment impacts not just book earnings, the taxable earnings as well. And that's just decreased our ability to use the net operating losses versus what our view was last year.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Does the guidance still stand that you don't expect supply to report EPS contribution below 0?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, that's correct. That's correct.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one final other area, on the -- to follow a little bit on your mention of the court victories regarding the state subsidies for new power plants, I think pretty clearly that -- but I'd like your feedback. I don't think that should affect the auctions over the next -- certainly, the next couple or 3 years. And can you give us a rough view of your thinking on kind of early outlook on next May's auction, whether you expect it, let's just say, to be up or down relative to this last auction?
William H. Spence: Yes, so on the wins in New Jersey and Maryland, at the federal level, those outcomes will be challenged. So it will take some time to go through the next phase of those proceedings, but we think we have an extremely strong case and that those early outcomes will be upheld. I think that it will -- and I think already has discouraged, both the states and potential suppliers from proposing new projects or new mechanisms, so I think it's had an effect already and will continue to have a positive effect as it relates to the competitive markets. On the future of the RPM for the next auction, there are a number of changes, I think, that you're aware of that PJM is considering along with feedback from many of the market participants. And those changes include reassessing import capabilities, how much demand response should be allowed into the auctions and other modeling changes potentially. So it's really hard to say, at this point, how all that may play into the next auction since we're still early in that process, if you will, of looking at potential changes. I think, the positive from my perspective is that PJM is listening to the market participants that have concerns and making sure that their focus continues to be on their #1 priority, which is a reliable supply for the grid. So I think they understand that role that they play and take it, obviously, very seriously.
Operator: The next question is from them from Dan Eggers of Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just kind of maybe following up on supply and decision to exit Montana hydro, can you just maybe share your current thinking on the future of supply in this totality for you guys? And as that business gets smaller, there's a lot of overhead associated with it. Is there a cost-cutting opportunity or a need to get more scale to help optimize the structure?
William H. Spence: Well, I think, there is a cost-cutting opportunity, and we continue to execute that on. Dave DeCampli and his team have done a great job, thus far, and they continue to find opportunities there. As we answered one of the call -- or the questions previously, our current plan for 2014 and 2015 not only does it reflect the current forwards as they were at the end of the quarter, but we still see our supply business as an EPS positive contributor to the corporation overall. So I think I have also mentioned that we're always looking at opportunities to enhance the value potential for each of the businesses, as well as shareholder value for PPL as a whole. And we've proven that through the strategic actions we have taken over the past several years. So those actions allow us the flexibility to fully assess our position without having to make rushed decisions. In supply, our focus will continue to be on aggressively controlling both O&M and capital costs. But we're going to continue to evaluate other options that could increase value, but that's nothing new, quite frankly, in terms of our approach.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just on the U.K. with the higher incentive revenues and continued better performance probably than we had expected, is that going to have any bearing on the outlook for earnings with the REO process completion relative to what you guys outlined this summer when you filed the REO case?
William H. Spence: I don't -- yes, I don't think it would have a substantial impact on it, I think, other than to continue to show to Ofgem our capability to meet and beat their metrics and prove that, hopefully, that we are worthy of fast tracking of all the 4 distribution network operations.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, just one more. If you jump back to Slide 20 in your deck where you guys show the -- your kind of a fading CapEx outlook in '15, '16, '17, Bill, as you look out, are there opportunities to spend more capital or more projects that could layer into that number to lift up the grow rate, to lift up that level of reinvestment and what's in the bars, things like the Kentucky generation investment and that sort of stuff that we'll see these reinflate over coming quarters?
William H. Spence: Yes. I think there will be opportunities, Dan. Specifically, I think in Pennsylvania, there will be transmission opportunities that aren't in the current forecast. I think in Kentucky, there'll probably be further opportunities as we go through time. So yes, I think there will be of those opportunities, and we'll just assess where do we best place the capital, the incremental capital that we want to spend and put it in the right spots.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I mean, do you see that being generation driven in Kentucky? Or is there more transmission distribution work that need to get done that maybe has gotten crowded out, for lack of better word, as you've had to spend a lot of money on generation?
William H. Spence: Let me have Vic respond to that question.
Victor A. Staffieri: The generation -- the new generation that we announced and Bill referenced in his earlier comments are reflected in the capital budgets that you see on Slide 20, I guess. Yes, there probably are some additional transmission and distribution opportunities out there, but the other thing that will drive us, frankly, will be new environmental requirements. Landfill, who knows what's going on with the EPA? And so I think you'll see us -- again, as we have done in the past, move forward on environmental expenditures. I would expect changing laws will create new opportunities for us on the capital side for our generation portfolio.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So perhaps just following up on Dan's question on the U.K. here, it looks like very robust expectations for 2013. Congratulations on that. Just kind of looking forward even here prior to the next reset, in '14 here, would you expect at least some of the benefits from this year to at least roll forward to next year? I mean, your guidance, I suppose, from the midpart of this year had $1.32 at the top end of that range, if you could just speak to that a little bit, particularly in light of the added revenues from the bonus side?
William H. Spence: Sure. I think some but not all would carry over into next year, but let me ask Rick Klingensmith to give you a little more color on that.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Our range in forecast for next year was $825 million to $875 million, and we still forecast to be within that range. As Bill mentioned, we will see some benefits continuing into next year. The incentive revenues that we had announced here this morning helped in next year's performance, especially -- it's a partial year, so you'll get some of that benefit, and that will be mixed in with the $82 million that we had earned the previous year. And so that would be a nice blended element for us for next year. But you also have to recall that, over the years, volume does get normalized. So we don't have upside or downside related to volume, although we may see that within a year and that we're seeing that this year. If you recall back in our first 2 quarters earnings calls, we had mentioned that the long cold winter has benefited us this year. We will need to get some of that back next year in the tariff reset that occurs April 1. So when you kind of mix the carryforward of some of the good items that have occurred this year and net that with some of the tariff adjustments due to over recovery this year, we find ourselves still within that range of $825 million to $875 million for '14.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Excellent. Much appreciated. And then turning back to the supply business if you could, just on the Unit 1 at Susquehanna, just perhaps, do you -- is it that you don't perceive there to be issues at that first unit to the extent to which you did the latest testing? Or is it more that it is sufficiently safe to continue operating until the next refueling outage? Just give us an update overall on the blade issue?
William H. Spence: Sure. It's really the latter rather than the former. But specifically, what we're -- we've been doing is monitoring the unit very carefully, and we have very strict parameters within which we're planning to operate the unit. And once we go outside the margin that we have identified as a safe margin, we would then have to look to make decision whether to bring unit offline. But so far, we're steady with the blade vibrations. And our outlook is that we're going to be able to continue to run the unit safely and reliably until the refueling outage in the spring of next year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then quickly, in terms of maintenance CapEx, I mean, there's a lot of focus of late, obviously, on supply. Just what's a good run rate number there to think about for that business? I mean, obviously, a $400 million to $500 million in your disclosure's a bit just kind of on a run-rate basis.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. It's $400 million to $500 million on the disclosure, but that also includes around $160 million to $170 million of nuclear fuel each year. So you have to back that off those numbers, so Julien,it's probably close to something in the $300-ish million range. It'll go up and down based upon major outages that we've got at the coal plants.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And last quick clarification, when you were talking about supply contributing positively to the corporate -- corporation in its entirety for the foreseeable future, just wanted to clarify that, that is prior to any contemplated cost cuts because I heard that, the same paragraph there.
William H. Spence: That would include cost cuts that are either in play now or that would be impacting 2014 and 2015. But we have identified specific areas where Dave and his team believe we can get additional cost out. But we're very confident in those actions. They're doable actions and things that we've done in the past and believe we can do in the future.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. And okay, one more clarification. That is excluding or assuming the sale of the Montana business, correct?
William H. Spence: Yes, that is. Correct.
Operator: The next question is from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: A question on supply. Where would you say you're tracking on your hedging plan relative to your ratable strategy? It seems like you're about half of what you were hedged going into EI relative to last year. Is that something consistent with your past or maybe taking a view on the market in '14 and '15?
William H. Spence: I think it's relatively consistent. We don't have, per se, a ratable program. We have more ranges that we look at in years 1, 2, and 3. Having said that, we're a little bit lighter hedged in 2015 than we might have been that third year, if you will, than we have been in the past. And some of that's just due to the lower floor prices that we're seeing and the view that we have that there will be opportunities between now and then to hedge at more favorable prices. And so for example, you saw 2015 prices hit the upper $40 on-peak range earlier this year. We took advantage of that, layered in a few more hedges. And we expect, with the volatility we have seen in the past in gas prices and power prices, that we'd continue to probably see those opportunities pop up from time to time, and we'll take advantage of those. So that's really what goes into our thought process when we look to hedge that far out.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then could you maybe give us your updated thoughts on what the basis is between your plans and PJM West now that we have some cheap Marcellus gas pricing impacting your zone?
William H. Spence: Sure, maybe I'll ask Dave DeCampli to comment on that.
David G. DeCampli: Sure. Obviously, we're constantly monitoring TETCO M3 to Henry Hub discount. We take advantage of that basis differential on a number of ways. One, our -- of course, our gas plants benefit from that. Secondly, if economically we do end up having to curtail operations at a coal plant and buying back, that's a good thing for us as well, particularly in a year in which we're well hedged. On the downside, that impact, of course, continues to depress overall energy prices. But our diverse portfolio, we're able to work around that and take advantage of that situation.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: So longer term, I think, you guys said that you would be flat going forward maybe after 2015. What's your long-term base assumption?
William H. Spence: Yes. I think we would continue to see it as being flat, and I think if some of the proposed pipelines taking gas from the Marcellus to other markets actually come to pass in that 2015-2016 time frame, I think that would be a reasonably good prediction if you will, but there are so many factors that play into basis differentials, as you know, that it is very difficult to predict those things.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one last question. Paul, how much debt at the parent supports the supply business right now?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. I wouldn't say any really debt at the parent supports the supply business, I think the debt at the parent was primarily issued to finance. The acquisitions, I think about it more on a total balance sheet perspective. We're targeting the investment-grade credit ratings across the complex. S&P looks at us in a total asset flow to debt basis. Moody's looks at the individual registrants and then steps back and looks at it in entirety as well. So I'm not clearly uncomfortable with the level of debt that's there. We're paying down debt and supply this year a bit, a little bit currently in the plan for next year as well. That plan was put into place well before we had an agreement to sell the Montana assets and to realize the almost $630 million in after-tax proceeds that Bill talked about. So the plan will get modified, if you will, and is fluid as we move through time and experience things like asset sales as well. So -- but I wouldn't look at it that it's there to support supply. I think it's really the 90%-ish of regulated earnings and those cash flows, as well as anything that really, if you want to call it supporting supply, that's really supporting the risk profile, the entire organization which supplied the benefit from.
Operator: Our next question is from part Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on the NOLs that forced an impact, how does that work out going forward? I mean, is that -- it means -- how should we think about the tax rate and how the $0.04 -- how we should see that sort of showing up next year and what have you?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. So, Paul, you might recall back to 2010, we had a relatively significant release of tax reserves in that year. It's around $70 million, $75 million. We've rolled back a few cents of that each in the last 2 years. And with this $0.06 impact this year, there's only $0.01 remaining in terms of total exposure on the balance sheet that could get rolled back in if we saw a further decline. Basically, we'll have fully reserved up the NOLs and you wouldn't see a balance sheet exposure for us and, therefore, there wouldn't be future negative EPS exposure either.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So it's sort of a one-timer.
Paul A. Farr: Correct. And that's kind of how we highlighted in 2010 as well. We, historically, haven't carved out or special item-treated tax items, unless it's a tax law change like the statutory rate decrease in the U.K. So we call those out for you when we experience them, but it's not -- it doesn't impact ongoing -- as I said in a response to some of these earlier questions, this is a 20-year forward-look at and looking at the useful life of these NOL carryforwards, and so it's relatively small movement that can have somewhat of a material impact, but it is noncash and not ongoing, if you will.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then, when we look at the -- what are the NOLs net of reserves that you guys have left on your balance sheet?
Paul A. Farr: So on this PA NOLs, the state-based NOLs, it's around $1 billion. Again, that's fully reserved up. On an NOL, I call it an NOL equivalent basis, so in excess of $1 billion that we purchased effectively in the Kentucky acquisition, all of this bonus depreciation that's been -- that's been impacting us for the last several years were a little under $3 billion in NOL equivalent value that we, on a federal basis, that we got warehoused. That's one of the reasons, for example, why there is no cash tax paid on the sale of Montana asset is we can shelter that with the NOLs.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. With the sales growth outlook now given the last couple of years what we've seen and what have you, what do you guys think now going forward?
Paul A. Farr: Sure. On an overall basis, looking at Kentucky and Pennsylvania, we would see sales being flat to slightly positive on an ongoing basis. And it's going to be clearly reflective of the strength that the economy is as we get to '14, '15, '16. But we do think that our expectations should be more conservative compared to where they were a couple of years ago, because all of the energy efficiency conservation, other impacts to demand that I think are more systemic than just purely economically driven.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Great. And then you were talking about the RPM Auction and all the things that are happening there, and you also mentioned sort of transmission opportunities, which made me think about this recent IPSAC meeting at PJM regarding mark-to-market congestion between MISO or another market -- between MISO and PJM and sort of transmission opportunities. And I was wondering what your thoughts are with respect to sort of dozens and dozens of projects sort of aimed at alleviating the mark-to-market congestion. This is outside the rule changes that they're potentially talking about with DFAX and everything. I'm talking about just the efforts to sort of resolve that physical constraint, the seams issues, so to speak, and what it might mean for the long-term outlook for supply and whether that's figured into your EPS positive outlook?
Paul A. Farr: Sure. It is figured in to the extent we know about the projects, and many of them we do because they take so long to plan and engineer and then construct. So we have pretty good visibility I think into those projects. I think in terms of the transmission opportunities side, it's really a question of will those congestion pockets, if you will, continue into the future and how long into the future. Some of the congestion or negative basis that we've seen is driven by the transmission projects that are underway today. So as we experienced outages on a grid to take care of some of these congestion issues, it's creating what I would say are temporary congestion sometimes in a different direction than we've seen in the past. So I think you have -- taking all that into account, I don't know that there is a material impact in the next several years on our supply business output. Longer-term, difficult to say.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally on the environmental, you guys mentioned that there was a potential additional environmental CapEx associated with, I guess, coal ash and what have you. And I was wondering is that sort of regulated like in Kentucky? Or is that sort of non-regulated or any sense as to where you're looking at those CapEx issues?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. That would be on the regulated side in Kentucky that we were discussing earlier. And really, I think in response to what may come out of greenhouse gas initiatives by the EPA for existing units, of course they made some proposals on new units but, as Rick also mentioned, there's still, I would say, debates and discussion around 316(b) water issues as well as coal ash handling and storage issues.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Could you guys give some sort of a sense of how you see the net impact of the Montana sale and the reworking of the Colstrip lease in terms of earnings?
Paul A. Farr: Sure. We would expect the transaction to be modestly accretive to earnings and cash flow.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So that's on a -- starting in 2014 basis, Bill?
William H. Spence: Probably 2015 would be the first full year. 2014, we would expect the transaction to close some time in the second half. So I would look at the first full year of impact would be 2015.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And could you guys kind of give us a little more insight into the components of that analysis?
William H. Spence: Paul, do you want to...
Paul A. Farr: Yes. It would come from kind of multiple perspectives. When would you look at on a forward basis, where the margins minus the O&M and depreciation were in the assets, we worked hugely positive on that front. And then from an outright financing perspective, with the payoff of the Colstrip lease and basically refinancing that future obligation at much lower rates factor everything in, as Bill said, both cash flow earnings positive for us.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Since it's kind of neutral on the hydro contribution and then gets positive on the refinance on the lease, basically?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. Really, all of Montana, as we were getting -- as were intimating and keeping all of supply positive, the West was not any materially different than the East in terms of the flat to slightly positive earnings going out into the future. So those were Runner River hydro assets, very good assets. That earnings profile of that subset of supply was -- looked just like supply in entirety so.
Operator: Our next question is from Shahriar Pourreza of Citigroup.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions just focusing on the U.K. With the initial assessment being potentially being released at the end of November, is there still an opportunity for you to make the final determination if you don't make the initial assessment in what would Ofgem use as a prerequisite to potentially add you, in case you don't make it?
William H. Spence: I'll ask Rick to comment on that.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Yes. If you don't make the initial assessment on the fast-track draft determination, it is a not possible for you then to make the fast-track determination. In essence, so Ofgem will be creating a short list of those that could be fast tracked and continue through the process to get that final determination in February of 2014.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it, got it. And then just one question on the U.K. policy, there's been a lot of chatter as far as trying to curtail electricity rates. And a lot of what you're hearing is everything from government intervention to windfall taxes to potential tariff freezes. And a lot of it has just, for now, been really focused on generation. The question is, can you see that being secant to the distribution and transmission business? Or do you think a lot of what you're hearing from the Labour Party is really focused on generation?
William H. Spence: You're correct. It has been focused on generation and marketing companies as well. It has not thus far been on the infrastructure itself. And Cameron's recent comments around his look at the picture, what's really focused on some of the green initiatives and the incremental cost in the tariff of the green programs. So thus far it has not been a focus for our segment of the business. And as you can imagine on the total bill side, the distribution component of the bill, is literally one of the smallest pieces of the bill. So it's probably reasonable to assume that they would focus on where the greatest portion of the bill is coming from.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of items, supply and then bigger picture stuff. First at supply, I noticed that the 2015 coal -- delivered coal price is actually down from the '13 and '14 levels. Just curious, is that rail or is that the actual cost of tonnage?
William H. Spence: Sure Michael. Let me ask David DeCampli to comment on that.
David G. DeCampli: It's primarily actually the cost of the coal itself.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. Second, have you ever quantified the potential for O&M cost management and supply?
William H. Spence: We -- Yes, sure. We have -- Dave, do you want to talk about some of your targets and...
David G. DeCampli: Yes, sure. In supply, we -- of course, we have 2 streams of O&M cost in the business. One is those within supply then the corporate services cost. We got initiatives in play to reduce cost in both sides of the formula and had good success over last year and in the forecast plan as well. In reducing cost, it's also affected operations. We've been able to take O&M growth to 0 at our nuclear facility, for instance, through streamlining and cost-cutting initiatives. Of course, our coal fleet has taken a good brunt of those reductions with it seeing some reduced operations, installed efficiencies and things like that. But we're not leaving any stone unturned in the business or for those who support our business.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I mean, when you think about O&M at supply in x Montana, like apples-to-apples comparison, up, down, flat, neither, something else kind of just big picture directional over multi-years.
Paul A. Farr: Well, very slightly with Montana. It will be a little bit of a push up in overhead over the remaining assets. We'll still be operating our marketing operation in Butte. We'll still need some of the overhead support for Colstrip and Corette, as long as we run Corette. There will be a little bit of the pick-up impact there, but I wouldn't call it material. We'll be able to able to handle that. So overall, it's probably safe to say that our target, our plan is to maintain cost at or below where they currently are today.
William H. Spence: Including inflationary impact...
Paul A. Farr: Yes. That's right. So net-net, the direction would be flat to negative.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Real quick, Paul, you commented a little bit on cash taxes. Do you expect to be a full noncash taxpayer? And if so, for how long?
Paul A. Farr: I wouldn't expect that we will be paying taxes at the federal level until 2018, at the earliest.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you see kind of tax -- the delta between GAAP taxes and cash taxes as being kind of a sizable cash flow benefit.
Paul A. Farr: That's correct, that's correct. And we obviously don't know yet on our corporate tax reform basis what they're going to do, if you will. If they're going to extend any of the current 50% bonus, that's not been necessarily a benefit to this sector. Anyway, I don't think it's driven $1 of incremental spending, but we need to see how that plays out as well. If they extended any of that, that could push it out even further.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And finally, Bill, when you look across the industry and think longer terms, I mean, you guys were one of the -- only a handful of companies who I think made very transformative M&A-related transactions that literally changed the shape of the company. When you look now, a couple of years removed from those transactions, how are you thinking about where the opportunity sets, if any exists across regulated, nonregulated U.S., non-U.S. electric and gas or other businesses, kind of how are you thinking about what you want the shape and where the opportunities lie, if any, in regards to long-term M&A?
William H. Spence: Sure, I will. We're fortunate that with all of our 3 regulated entities, U.K., Kentucky, Pennsylvania, we have great internal growth opportunities, so organic growth, if you will. We can see that through our CapEx spending plans that we discussed earlier on the call. We don't see that as something that's going to, all of a sudden, just hit a cliff. So I think there's going to be ongoing opportunities just within the businesses themselves to grow on a reasonable basis. In our case, we have one of the higher growth rates in the sector, almost an 8% CAGR. So we would continue to see that. I think in the supply area, our guess is that there's going to be more consolidation if gas prices continue to stay, and power prices, at the low levels that we're seeing them in the forwards and today. So I would fully anticipate more M&A in that area of the industry than I would in the regulated side. Not to say that there couldn't be M&A on the regulated side, but as you're well aware, those premiums that are required to engage in an acquisition can be difficult to overcome through synergies when many times you have to give some of that synergy back to the rate-making process. So that can be difficult to accomplish on an accretive basis. So beyond that, clearly, there is a potential in the country with low gas prices to see more industry coming to the areas that have the lowest cost natural gas prices. And we we're seeing some of that. I guess how much of that we see is going to be depended on a lot of things, including taxes, local market conditions, labor, et cetera. So we'll see how that all transpires. We do see a trend, I guess, in people converting vehicles to natural gas. So I mean, that's a trend that we would expect to continue. Same on the electric side with electric vehicles, not necessarily in our territory per se, but overall we see that as a trend. So that's just a couple of general thoughts.
Operator: The next question is from Rajeev Lalwani of Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just -- the first question is on the U.K. In the event you're not fast tracked, would it be possible -- or not fast tracked entirely, would it be possible, just based on how you filed your business plans for at least some of the utilities there to be fast tracked? And then a follow-up on the supply side.
William H. Spence: Sure. It is a possible one or more of the distribution network operators could be fast tracked. It doesn't have to be -- it's not an all or nothing.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just based on how you filed the actual business plan, is there much of a difference between the various utilities there?
William H. Spence: There is not. I think all the initiatives across the network are very common and the spending is also pretty levelized across the companies.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just on the supply side, it seems like you've done a great job with finding costs to offset the weakness in gas prices. But just generally, as you've seen prices come down, how has it changed your view in terms of the -- your strategic thinking around those assets longer term?
William H. Spence: Well, it certainly places a higher risk level on the assets and the business overall than we might have expected going back a couple of years. However, we recognized that we need to be resilient and flexible in our approach and that's what I think you hear us saying. When I look at every opportunity and as Dave DeCampli has said he's going to leave no stone unturned in terms of finding additional value in the business. So as I mentioned in previous remarks, we're going to continue to look at opportunities in the business to make it leaner and as profitable as it can be. And other opportunities and even options we'll continue to look at as well. Anything that could increase the value we're going to look at.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: My questions are answered.
Operator: The next question is from Gregg Orrill of Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you can talk about your performance in the recent U.K. storms?
William H. Spence: Sure, Greg. I'll let Rick comment on that.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Yes. The St. Jude storm that we saw at the beginning of this week was probably the most severe storm that has affected England in over 10 years. Over the storm period, we experienced wind gusts up to 75 miles an hour and we saw power outages for about 53,000 of our customers. In all, about 200 of those customers were restored within 12 hours and all customers were restored within 18 hours, which is the Ofgem standard for this type of event. The damage and the effects of the storm were much more severe in South and Southeast England versus in our territory. And we were able to provide over 100 staff to help restoration efforts in the U.K. power networks territory.
Operator: The next question is from Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions, a follow-up on a debt question earlier, I just want to know what the level of debt at the parent is. I guess you said there's some debt at the parent that helped finance the whole organization. If you can tell me something the level of that debt. And the second question is related to the regulated utilities. What's your earned ROE at your Pennsylvania, Kentucky and, if you had, for the U.K. utilities?
William H. Spence: Sure. On the Pennsylvania side, it's probably in the upper 9% range on a regulated basis, on the kind of the regulatory filing basis. Vic, do you want to...
Victor A. Staffieri: The Kentucky, this year, will be between 9% and 10%.
William H. Spence: And the -- in the U.K., Rick?
Rick L. Klingensmith: Yes. Though in the U.K. we're about 18% including the effects of goodwill in that formula.
Paul A. Farr: And at the parent company, there's roughly $2.5 billion of that -- $2 billion, $2.1-ish billion that came as a result of the acquisitions: the $1.150 billion for Kentucky; and a little less than $1 billion, $988 million, $987 million for the U.K. acquisition; and then we've got a deeply subordinated deal that we did earlier this year that was around $400-ish million.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Great. And this is like a follow-up on the U.K. ROE, the -- just I'm not sure, how does the goodwill impacting? I mean, is the goodwill -- you're saying you're earning off the goodwill portion, is it like in RAV? Is it-- am I thinking that the right back?
Paul A. Farr: No, we're not. And none of the jurisdiction is goodwill an assets that you can earn or return on, so that's basically all equity-financed and you see that driving the, I'll call it the "with goodwill" ROE down.
Operator: The next question is from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I have 2 questions. First, on the supply business, your hedge disclosures continue to include the hydro assets. If I were to strip them out, is there going to be any meaningful change as far as the percentages of hedged volumes and prices for the baseload west?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. That would come down somewhat of the roughly 8 million megawatt hours a year that we get in Montana, about 3 -- what, maybe 3.2 now with the rain [indiscernible] upgrade of the hydro system.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: But how about prices hedged?
Paul A. Farr: There will not be a differential in the in the hedged price. And if you recall, one element of the agreement with Northwestern is that at close of the transaction, we would just let settle any mark-to-market so that they did not end up with extra length in their book to serve customers. So that'll get -- that'll come down to the extent that there are material hedges with them outstanding at that point in time.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And now back to the U.K. I mean, your RIIO is still a new mechanism, and if I understand correctly, the fast track, the approval of the fast track means that your request, as far as new revenue levels is basically accepted as is? And if I compare your applications to applications of other utilities in the U.K., it seems like you're asking about slightly higher returns than your peers. So I mean, how do you -- do you think that, that more aggressive of a filing might impact the or ability to actually get -- to get fast tracked?
William H. Spence: Well, first part of your question, if you're fast tracked, it is accepted as is, so that your plan as filed is deemed to have been fully justified. But we are not requesting a different ROE than anyone else. It's a generic make up of the debt and equity in the rate-making process there. So the cost to capital is kind of plain vanilla. And everyone really is measured on the same basis. And I think we're required to file on per the instructions of Ofgem.
Paul A. Farr: I'll just add, the filing that we had made was for a 6.7% real cost of equity and I believe the majority -- maybe all but one have that same request for that return on equity.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: But how about incorporating all other incentives -- performance incentives, et cetera, et cetera? Wouldn't that actually give you a slightly higher margin your operations versus what we can see in other filings?
William H. Spence: Well, the other filings were not necessarily incentives included. There are targets for your levels of performance into the future and you may have the opportunity to surpassed those targets in the future, but there's no specific values associated with the incentives that you'll see in RIIO plan.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. It's not in the base revenue that you see in the plan.
Operator: Our last question today will come from Nathan Judd -- I'm sorry, Judge of Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: I just wanted to ask a little bit more on the disclosure supply. You have brought back your generation expected generation from -- in the east. Can you just give me why that's the case? Is that Susquehanna, or what's driving that?
William H. Spence: Sure. Dave, you wan to...
David G. DeCampli: Yes. There's 2 primary drivers. One, of course, was the line outages at Susquehanna, and we also had an unexpected outrage in our Brunner Island station that affected it as well. Those are the 2 prime drivers.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Going forward in 2014 and '15?
William H. Spence: Could you repeat your question for '14 and '15. please?
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Sure. So I believe when you presented last -- you had a presentation which showed 50.4 million megawatt hours with 41.8 terrawatt hours in the east. And you're looking for kind of 40.6. And I'm just kind of wondering why you're bringing down your projected forecast for output in 2014 and '15?
William H. Spence: Yes. It's the extension of these turbine blade outages intended for Susquehanna that is the primary driver for the lowering of that for 2014 and '15 at this point.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: When I look at how your coal plants have performed year-to-date, your production from those coal plants are obviously down from last year, how are you seeing, given the low power price, and how do we think about the variability in the coal production?
William H. Spence: Well, the -- if there is a -- the variability is primarily driven by our choice to economically take them out of service. At times when prices would dictate, we're able to take advantage of that buyback from the market and do well that way. I think you should be able -- you should expect that type of variability in the future. We can't always predict what those periods exactly will be. So expect a little bit of volatility in those numbers as the years unfold.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: So that -- your hedging...
William H. Spence: Sorry. So that reduction that you referenced between the previous forecast and the current does reflect both our forecast of coal plant output, and onetime, based on economics and with lower gas prices, you're going to see a little bit less run time and also changes at Susquehanna. So those 2 things combined are really driving the lower output on a period-to-period basis.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: How much [indiscernible] can you take that down given your core hedges? 77%? I mean, at certain point, you've got to run your coal plants. At what point do we see economic losses begin to be realized?
William H. Spence: I don't think in the forecast we would even get close to that type of a situation. And we have built into some of our coal contracts' flexibility. And to the extent that the flexibility is not already built-in, we've been successful at working with our coal suppliers to manage our inventories and our burn. So I think this far, we don't see that as a potential problem. Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And we look forward to our next quarterly call.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein William H. Spence - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul A. Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman of LKE, Chief Executive Officer of LKE and President of LKE Craig Hart - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David G. DeCampli - President of PPL Electric Supply Rick L. Klingensmith - President of PPL Energy Services Group LLC and President of PPL Global Gregory N. Dudkin - Principal Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides to this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence: Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call today. As is our normal practice, joining me on today's call is Paul Farr, PPL's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as the presidents of our 4 business segments. Following my overview remarks on earnings and operations, Paul will review the financial results in more detail. Today, we're reporting strong earnings for both the second quarter and through the first 6 months of the year. Our quarter-to-date and year-to-date earnings from ongoing operations were driven by strong performance from our regulated utility businesses in Kentucky, Pennsylvania and United Kingdom. Turning to Slide 4. Second quarter reported earnings per share were $0.63, up from $0.46 in the same quarter of 2012. Earnings from ongoing operations for the quarter were $0.49 per share compared with $0.51 per share in the same period last year. Earnings from ongoing operations on a per-share basis are slightly lower than 1 year ago because of the accelerated share recognition of the 2010 and 2011 equity units. That's a topic we discussed in detail on our last quarterly call. For the first year -- half of the year, our reported earnings were $1.28 per share compared with $1.39 per share in the first 6 months of 2012. Ongoing earnings were $1.20 per share for the first half of the year versus $1.21 per share last year. Our strong performance has enabled us to increase the midpoint of our 2013 ongoing earnings forecast to $2.32 per share from the previous midpoint of $2.27 per share. On Slide 5, we provided updated forecasts for each of our segments. Specifically, we're increasing the earnings forecast from our U.K. Regulated segment to $1.28 per share based on its strong performance year-to-date. We're slightly decreasing the Supply segment forecast to $0.34 per share due to various items, including outage schedules for some of the generating stations. Let's move to Slide 6 for a brief operational overview. As we explained on our July 1 analyst call, WPD has submitted 8-year business plans for our 4 electric distribution networks in England and Wales as part of the RIIO process. In this process, we're expecting fast-track treatment, which would provide us a number of benefits, including early certainty regarding the outcome and additional revenue equivalent to 2.5% of total annual baseline expenditures. The regulator, Ofgem, plans to make an initial determination on which companies could be fast tracked in November. It is scheduled to publish a final determination on the fast-track companies in March of 2014. You can follow developments regarding this process on the Investors section of our website. In an important development in Pennsylvania, the state public utility commission approved PPL Electric Utilities' request for accelerated recovery of certain distribution system reliability improvements. The Pennsylvania PUC had approved the company's 5-year $700 million long-term infrastructure improvement plan in January. The cost recovery mechanism will be adjusted quarterly, providing more timely recovery of necessary system improvement expenditures. Construction work is continuing on Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line. We expect to complete the line and be in service by the summer of 2015. Also on the Pennsylvania transmission front, we're increasing our capital spending plan for our Northeast/Pocono Reliability project. The increased cost is primarily related to higher material and labor cost and additional scope due to revised construction standards. Moving to Slide 7. You'll see that weather-normalized second quarter sales in Pennsylvania increased by about 1.5% over the same period 1 year ago. The Pennsylvania increase was driven by a 4.5% increase in industrial sales due to increased activity and customer billing adjustments from the first quarter. Commercial sales in Pennsylvania were flat in the second quarter, and residential sales increased by 1.3%. In Kentucky, weather-normalized industrial sales were up 2.8% because of industrial customer expansions and increased production levels at certain of our customers' facilities. There were decreases, however, of 3.8% in the residential category and 5.5% among commercial customers, influenced by regional economic conditions. On a 12-month trailing basis, weather-normalized sales are up about 0.5% in Kentucky and down just slightly in Pennsylvania. Turning to Slide 8. We've completed outages on both units at the Susquehanna plant as we address turbine issues that have affected plant operations over the past 2 years. The units are currently running at normal levels, and we continue to monitor and evaluate the turbine performance data since our outages were completed. We have not observed any blade cracking thus far. Turning to the Western fleet. As you may have seen, we issued an 8-K in July providing information on repairs that we're making to the Colstrip 4 generator in Montana. While we expect repairs to take at least 6 months, the estimated total pretax economic impact is between $5 million and $10 million and will not be material to the company. In summary, we're pleased with our year-to-date results and feel good about our ability to deliver strong results for the full year. We're effectively managing major construction projects in Kentucky and Pennsylvania and have completed the Rainbow hydroelectric expansion project in Montana. We have submitted excellent 8-year business plans in the U.K. with the goal of receiving fast-track treatment under RIIO. And we're continuing to earn very high marks for customer service. In the past quarter, our competitive energy supplier, PPL EnergyPlus, and our Pennsylvania delivery company each earned J.D. Power awards for customer satisfaction. In total, PPL companies in Pennsylvania and Kentucky have earned 36 J.D. Power awards, far more than any other company in our sector. And our U.K. electric distribution networks hold 4 of the top 5 rankings in the country for quality of customer service. Our proven ability to execute on our plans and deliver superior service to our customers gives us every reason to be optimistic about our prospects for growing value for our shareowners. I look forward to your questions, and now I'm going to turn the call over to Paul Farr. Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 9. PPL's second quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased over last year, driven by improved earnings at all 3 regulated segments. The Supply segment experienced an earnings decline, as expected, primarily due to lower hedged wholesale power prices. Per-share earnings from ongoing operations declined slightly in the second quarter due to more than 80 million additional shares being included in our share count year-over-year, which equated to an impact of $0.04 per share for the period. On the first quarter call, we discussed at length the change to if-converted accounting for the shares to be issued under the convert securities. Let's start the segment review with Kentucky results on Slide 10. Kentucky earned $0.08 per share in the second quarter, a $0.01 increase compared to last year. This increase was driven primarily by higher margins due to new base rates that went into effect January 1 of this year, partially offset by lower volumes driven by more temperate weather this year. Moving to Slide 11. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.35 per share in the second quarter, a $0.04 increase over last year. This increase was due to higher utility revenues primarily driven by the April 1, 2013, price increase and higher volumes due to weather. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation, higher income taxes and other expense, which was primarily driven by exchange rates, and dilution of $0.03 per share. Turning to Slide 12. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.07 per share in the quarter, a $0.02 increase compared to last year. This increase was the result of higher delivery margins primarily due to new rates that went into effect January 1 this year and increased transmission investment, lower O&M and dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving now to Slide 13. Our Supply segment earned $0.01 per share in the second quarter, a decrease of $0.07 compared to last year. This decrease was primarily the net result of lower Eastern energy margins driven by lower baseload energy prices, partially offset by higher capacity prices and increased baseload unit availability, lower Western energy margins primarily due to lower wholesale energy prices and higher depreciation. These negative drivers were partially offset by lower O&M at Susquehanna and lower outage costs at the Eastern fossil and hydroelectric plants. That completes the more detailed financial overview, and I'll now turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
William H. Spence: Okay, operator, we're ready for the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Eggers at Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First question. The -- when I look at the weather-normalized load trends, obviously there were some signs of good and not so good in the second quarter, but the year trends are not as bad as we've seen elsewhere. When you guys kind of dig further into the data and you look at usage trends, are you seeing kind of structural improvements once you kind of parse away weather issues? And where do you see bright spots and concerns right now?
Paul A. Farr: Sure. I would say, Dan, overall it's a slightly better situation than we've seen probably seen over the last few years. So there is some improvement when you parse through all the data. Having said that, I think our long-term view is still that, that growth would be somewhat less than 1% on a longer-term run rate based on some of the energy efficiency programs that are out there and just customer usage as we've seen it through the past cycles over the past 5 years. So I can ask the folks to comment more specifically and maybe provide a little bit more color. But Vic, why don't you talk a little bit about Kentucky and what you're seeing there?
Victor A. Staffieri: Well, our industrial load continues to grow and reinvestment is being made. So we have -- and as you can tell from the statistics, our industrial load is growing nicely. Where we're seeing some issues is in the commercial side, which really is being affected by the economy. And I do think there are some efficiency gains in our residential customers. But I have to tell you that our housing starts were up materially, year-over-year '11. Total of '11 was about 16%, and year-to-date, we're probably 18% higher than we were last year. So we're starting to see a little bit of momentum now probably driven by our unemployment, which is down. So I think, by and large, we are okay. It's not robust, but I think we're moving smartly ahead and driven by our industrial load, frankly.
Paul A. Farr: Craig?
Craig Hart: Yes, so in Pennsylvania, I would say that year-to-year, this year compared to last year, we'll probably be almost flat. And then our long term, we're looking at about 0.5% CAGR. So we don't see too much of a big opportunity for load growth in our area. What we're seeing by rate class is that we're starting to see some growth in the residential market. I believe that's due to starting Construction, kind of like what Vic said. Our small C&I has been relatively flat, and the large C&I is down year-to-year about 1%.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And...
Victor A. Staffieri: Yes.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess just can we get to maybe, Bill, turn the conversation to Supply. With power prices down again this quarter with RPM results pretty disappointing out in '16 and '17, are you guys rethinking where you expect trough to come out from an earnings perspective on Supply? And kind of where you think that business is going to bottom out given what you know today?
William H. Spence: Well, our focus remains as it has been, which is to maintain a slightly positive to flat earnings profile for the Supply business, meaning not -- the target is to not allow to go negative from an EPS perspective. That has not changed. We certainly understand the challenges the competitive generation sector faces and the expectations on declining profitability. Because of the strong growth in the utility businesses, we're obviously able to offset a lot of the declines that we've seen in the supply, and we still believe that the 2014, '15 time period is likely to be the trough, assuming that market conditions don't worsen. The management team, as you know, has had a clear track record, in our view, of insightful analysis of the -- those challenges, and we've taken decisive actions to create and defend shareowner value over the years. We do think there's inherent value in the Supply business, and we're very focused on our shareholders getting the benefit of that value.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess one last question just kind of on the U.K. tax rates coming back in. Is there -- with this court decision, is there any more structure where it's going to run at a lower repatriated rate than would have expected? Or is this kind of unique to the period and will catch up?
Paul A. Farr: Are you referencing the windfall profits tax, Dan?
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. No, that's a -- it came through as a special item of credit in the period and has no effect on ongoing repatriated tax expense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kit Konolige at BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up a little at the Supply business. I wonder if you could give us some color on what your guys thought of the capacity auction in May. What they saw as drivers there, if there are any structural things that you'd like to see changed, et cetera.
William H. Spence: Sure. I'll comment first and then -- and ask Dave DeCampli to provide a little bit more color. Overall, it came out a little lower than we had expected. If you'll recall on our last earnings call, we indicated that we expected it to come in slightly lower than the previous auction. It came in a little lower than that. So fundamentally, pretty much in line with our expectations, again just a little bit lower. As we've kind of parsed through the results from the last auction, Dave probably has some comments he'd like to make on what our insights were there. Dave?
David G. DeCampli: Yes, thanks, Bill. Can I -- I'd say that in the end, when we look back, we'd say the pricing that came out of the auction was rational given flat demand growth and increases in supply from both imports and new generation that were a little bit of a surprise. And going forward, it's just difficult for us to model since we have such limited transparency in this process with issues like the imports without firm transmission and moreover [ph] seeming to continually be changing. So anything -- absent anything else to move capacity prices, we expect they may be somewhere in the same general area the next auction around. We'd like to see some progress in PJM's intent or plans to reform their limits and speculative arbitrage between the BRA and the incremental auctions as well. So we're hoping and supporting in the stakeholder process some of these changes as we go forward.
William H. Spence: Okay, Thanks, Dave.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one other question on the RIIO process. It sounds like you're expecting that all 4 of your units would get fast-track treatment. Is that a fair read of your comments? Or would you not want to go that far?
William H. Spence: No, I think that's correct, Kit. When we look at the performances of those businesses in the U.K., they're clearly the superior performers in that structure. And we think if anyone deserves to be fast tracked, it would be our 4 distribution companies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Chin at Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A follow-up question on the fast track. For the Draft Determination in November, how final is this determination? Is there any sort of precedent for Ofgem changing its view from draft to final in prior deliberations? And in the event we don't get fast-track status in the draft versions, what processes can we follow to help change that draft view towards a better finalized view?
William H. Spence: Sure. I'll ask Rick Klingensmith, President of our Global Business, to respond to that question.
Rick L. Klingensmith: The initial determination that Ofgem will make in the November time frame in identifying the potential companies that could be fast tracked is one that they will then follow through with that process so that if you do not make the list of a potential to be fast tracked in that November consultation, then there is not a chance for you to revise your business plan and then try to influence Ofgem in a, way to get your company on that list to be fast tracked. So they will identify those business plans that they believe are well justified and will continue through their evaluations till the March time frame, where they will then either accept all the companies that they had initially determined could be fast tracked or even narrow that list down a bit when their final determination comes out in March.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understood, very clear. And then if I could just ask one separate question on Supply. We've seen some of your peers talk about how the ARR and FTR issues, how pricing of that has been dislocated from real-time congestion issues. Are you guys seeing any similar issues this year on ARR and FTR dislocations versus congestion?
William H. Spence: Dave, why don't you take that question?
David G. DeCampli: Sure. We've seen that approaching, Brian. And from a kind of a strategy point of view, we've significantly reduced our utilization of FTRs as a hedge because of the lack of any real resolution around the whole underfunding issue that's going on with those. So we backed all that into our plan. And for us, that's all delivering in accordance to plan this year. So it's disappointing, and we certainly hope that PJM would come up with a suitable solution so we can resume in earnest these -- the use of these tools as an effective way to mitigate basis risk.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson at Glenrock.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just some quick things. First of all, I'm sorry, I missed in Kentucky what the environmental -- I'm sorry, the economic conditions were that led to the decrease in commercial and residential.
William H. Spence: Go ahead, Vic.
Victor A. Staffieri: This is Vic Staffieri. We have -- it's just the natural economy. We have not seen a comeback in our commercial. An offsetting impact of some efficiency gains in our hospitals and educational institutions. So that's where we're seeing some of the runoff in our commercial. And I'll tell you it's really pure economics, and I think there are some efficiencies going on in the commercial sector. We have gotten, as I said before, progress in our industrial sector. We are getting reinvestment by Toyota, by Ford, by General Electric, and that is helping our employment picture. And it should spill over eventually to our residential and, ultimately, our commercial customers, but it's going to take some time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So it sounds like it's pretty good. It just sounds like, for some reason, we are just seeing decreases in that area that are sort of because they get efficiencies. Is that the way to think about it?
Victor A. Staffieri: I would say there's a lot of efficiency going on. When you look at our largest commercial customers, they are doing a pretty good job in getting more efficient and making the investments that make sense. You can see it in our hospitals, as I say. You see it in some of our educational institutions. And then, of course, you're seeing the economic impact spending, retail spending, on some of the malls and those kind of commercial customers. But Kentucky's economy never really busted and never really boomed. And so we've been steady as you go. Housing starts, as I indicated earlier, are up. They've been up for 2 years now after a real period of low. So I have some reason -- some cautious optimism that we're on the path to recovery, but it's not as robust as -- obviously, as we'd like.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then on Slide 21, it looks to me like the projected regulated rate base growth is up a couple -- like 7.9 versus 7.7. Just anything in particular there? Or just sort of what's going on?
William H. Spence: Sure. I think Paul has the detail on that.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Paul, we just -- we updated that slide to reflect RAV pursuant to the RIIO filing that we did on July 1. And so you'll see the numbers in green on the bottom a little bit more robust. So that's really effectively the only change that we made. We're still in the throes of our normal business planning process, and so we'd expect -- and I don't expect there would be any material changes, but modest changes as we get through that. That's probably in Q3 or in the year-end call.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the U.K. has had some headlines not really associated with distribution as -- at least as I read it, but more or less associated with the wholesale market and issues of transparency and issues of cost. And there was a report from Parliament and what-have-you. Is there any concern that, that might in some way sort of spill over into the distribution regulatory setup, if you follow me? I mean, is there -- I mean, I'm sure you guys are familiar with it. Just any thoughts about how -- or just how that may or may not relate to you guys?
William H. Spence: We are familiar with it. And thus far, we don't see any risk of a spillover. I think the distribution side is very transparent with the process that the U.K. regulator has there. And thus far, that has not even been raised in any publications or any discussions we've seen thus far. So I don't think it will have an impact at all.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then just finally, trading. What was the numbers for this year? I mean, what was the contribution this year, this quarter -- 6 months and yes, year-to-date and for the quarter? And just any outlook with [indiscernible] to that?
William H. Spence: I don't have the year-to-date figure in front of me, but our plan for this year is about $50 million in total, which is similar to last year's plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neel Mitra at Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: With the DSIC mechanism now implemented in Pennsylvania, roughly what percentage of your distribution CapEx now is covered through a tracker you get a contemporaneous recovery with?
William H. Spence: Sure. Let me ask Greg Dudkin to comment on that.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, I would say it's probably around 30% to 40%. So it's -- the DSIC is focused on reliability-related investments, so it's in the 30% to 40% range.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then second, on Kentucky. Can you kind of comment on the supply-demand situation post-2015 when the coal plants retire from that? Is the Cane Run CCGT enough to fulfill the load? Or would you envision building new plants or possibly acquiring some of the coal plants that have come up for sale in your service territory?
William H. Spence: Go ahead, Vic.
Victor A. Staffieri: Let me comment on that. We -- you may recall we issued an RFP for a generation supply. That begins in about 2017, 2018. And we're in the process of evaluate -- about 30 bids come in, including from Western Kentucky, Big Rivers, and we're in the process of evaluating those things. It appears to us that we begin to show a deficiency in -- by 2018, so we'll put something in place to meet those requirements. As we say, we're evaluating the RFP, results from the RFP, against self-build option as well. But then now, since it's not complete, we have a little time before we have to do that. We'll probably be in a position to talk about that by the end of the year.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And so you would foresee new capacity coming online in 2018 as kind of the first year as [indiscernible]?
William H. Spence: I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Sure. Is 2018 the first year that you would need the additional capacity after Cane Run? Or would you need it prior to that?
Victor A. Staffieri: About 2018 is when we would begin to show a deficiency off of our -- we have a reserve margin of about 15%, and that's when we begin to show a deficiency in the reserve margin. That's the period of time we're focusing on right now.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then one last question on Supply. How are you looking at hedging longer term now that we're seeing some of the Marcellus gas dislocate versus Henry Hub? And obviously, that kind of sets the price of power for your Pennsylvania plants. Are you looking to hedge a little farther out? Or is it just too early to tell?
William H. Spence: I would say overall, our hedging program, generally speaking, has not changed. We have been, as you know, very aggressive in hedging the output, which has resulted in significant benefits to shareowners. And as we look at our fundamental analysis, that kind of guides us as to how aggressively we want to hedge or not hedge. Dave, do you want to provide any other comments on our hedging?
David G. DeCampli: Yes. I'd add -- I'll just a supplement, Bill. We have, at this point, no plans to change the percentage targets we have put out in the past for future years, starting with 2015 in this case. So really, no change intended at this point in time.
William H. Spence: And I think to some degree, we're -- we have constraints with liquidity in the market. So even if we wanted to hedge 3 to 5 years out, let's say, the liquidity just doesn't exist to allow us to effectively do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon at ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have actually been answered, but I wanted to circle back to a comment that you made about being focused on the idea that there is value in your generation fleet and you're trying to make sure that's preserved so that your shareholders benefit from it. You've clearly done that through hedging well, but do you think that your fleet is scaled? And do you think that one of the ways that you might preserve and create value in the long run would be to seek to become a more scaled entity that would benefit more from an ultimate recovery in power markets or the flip side being at least capitalize the benefits of being able to have more sustained reduced costs?
William H. Spence: Sure, a fair question. And as I have mentioned on previous calls, in Supply our focus has been and will continue to be on aggressively controlling both our O&M and capital costs. And we'll continue to evaluate other options that could increase value. But that's really nothing new in terms of our approach and how we've thought about strategic options over the years. So I think we continue to explore options for all the businesses that would maximize value.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides at Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions, a little bit unrelated. First, there's been some discussion out of D.C. regarding some tax code-related changes, and one of the things that always comes up is the potential impact -- the potential treatment of offshore cash that gets repatriated. Can you just give high-level comments about how much cash you maintain offshore? How much of it you could actually bring back to the U.S. if that tax code were -- if there was a tax code change versus what you need to keep offshore to be able to fund CapEx in the U.K.?
William H. Spence: Sure. Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, there's not -- we don't -- given the growth in investment in the U.K., don't maintain significant offshore cash balances. And we've kind of said in the past that if we find ourselves in a situation where we've got cash there in excess of our targeted cap structures and in excess of planned reinvestment, we sweep that cash back to the States, irrespective of tax outcomes. And given the way that we very efficiently tax-structured the acquisitions, there's not any material U.S. incremental tax that comes with those repatriations for the intermediate term. At times, if you look at the P&L and you would see cash balances there, it's because we do benchmark fundraising. So we'll over time eat into our liquidity facilities, do a benchmark transaction and then use that to fund 1 year in our multiyear set of investment options there. So there's not room in the cap structure to lever up, and there's not significant excess cash sitting on the ground.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. A follow-up for you, Paul. If you just look at the balance sheet in your earnings release, the balance of short-term debt at the end of the second quarter is almost, I don't know, roughly 80% to 90% higher than it was at the end of 2012. What's the plan?
Paul A. Farr: Transactions, GBP 400 million transaction later this year in the U.K., and then we've got $250 million to $300 million FMBs at both KU and LG&E. We did a transaction in July as well. When you look at the quarter-end statements, we did an FMB at Electric Utilities as well. So the utilities, much like the comment that I just made about the U.K., where we have liquidity facilities that we use and eat into and then replace that with longer-term debt balances, we cycle through that, especially -- you'll see bigger movements with the big construction programs, then you would see a normal run rate where you've only got kind of maintenance CapEx kind of a cycle. So nothing concerning on that front at all, and you'll see some more capital markets debt transactions as we make our way through the balance of the year.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then last item. You all talked in the prepared comments about an increase in the Pocono transmission project. How big of an increase? What's the driver? And kind of what years does that impact?
William H. Spence: Sure, let me ask Greg Dudkin to respond to that.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, so the increase went from $200 million to $335 million. The 3 categories were material and labor. Combining those, that was about $45 million of the change. And the scope -- and when I say scope, so when we put together the original estimate, we hadn't finalized on the path. So it's finalizing on a path, increase right away. We changed the construction standards. So the remainder is in that area. This project basically is scheduled over the next few years all the way through to 2017. So the increase is basically throughout those years.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. I was just curious because when I was looking at the CapEx slide, I think it's Page 20, I didn't really see much of a change in the kind of that red bar in Pennsylvania transmission, so I didn't know if you were cutting somewhere else.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, no, there's no cuts. I had made the comments earlier that we hadn't fully updated that to reflect the business planning changes, which the increase in this transmission project would fall into. So you'd see those updates from us later in the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith at UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first question here. We've kind of talked about it a little bit, but on the Marcellus and gas basis, obviously that's kind of taken an acceleration of late. What are you seeing just with respect to PJM West pricing? Obviously, your cousins to the east were fairly good in the quarter. But for yourselves, how are you seeing this play out given spot prices as low as they are on gas?
William H. Spence: Well, I think overall, I wouldn't say there was a significant change from our plan. And of course, we came into the year very highly hedged. But overall, we understand the impact. We're following the basis very closely, and it has been slightly negative thus far which, again, was consistent with our thought coming into the year. Dave, I don't know if you have any further comments.
David G. DeCampli: Yes, we -- well, Julien, we expect that to persist into the future and are enveloping that into our plans for 2014 and beyond. So essentially, we're accepting reality here and just incorporating into our forward-going plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then secondly, could you talk a little bit about the change in U.K. guidance? Just I suppose pushing it back around after kind of a couple of different changes here, if you will?
William H. Spence: Sure. Rick, why don't you comment?
Rick L. Klingensmith: Sure. We've experienced a number of small, favorable variance in a number of our income statement line items like interest expense and depreciation and maintenance expense, with probably our largest variance in revenue. And that's really due to favorable price and volume variances, including weather, as Paul had mentioned in his remarks earlier. And so our revised forecast for the year incorporates this higher level of revenue that we'll see for the remainder of the year in both pricing and the past volume variances that we've realized already on a year-to-date basis.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Interesting. And what had pushed it down initially, if you can remind us?
Rick L. Klingensmith: I'm sorry, the question again, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: What had pushed the outlook down, if you will, initially?
Rick L. Klingensmith: Well, the outlook had -- went down was due to the revised share count that we had at the end of the Q1. So, yes, at the beginning of the year, it was higher, but the entire change was just due to the reflection of the share difference at the end of the Q1. There was no operational effects that resulted in that difference in forecast at the end of Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fleishman at Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Follow-up on that last question. The -- should we think that some of the drivers that raised the '13 guidance for the U.K. would benefit the '14 guidance you gave as well for the U.K.? Or are they more specific to this year such as weather?
William H. Spence: Go ahead, Rick.
Rick L. Klingensmith: A big part of the positive variance that we're seeing for this year was weather, and that's probably $0.03 a share that's in our numbers on a year-to-date basis. That is more of a onetime item because in the U.K., we may have volume variances within the year, but those get normalized over the long term. And so some of that will get -- be given back in tariffs in the subsequent year. At this stage, it's hard to identify all the changes that'll take place in our tariff calculation. And so we have not changed our forecast or guidance for '14 as it relates to the U.K. Regulated segment.
William H. Spence: And Steve, we set the business plan late in 2012. Some of the positive things that we had been seeing, we factored into the numbers that we provided in July. We had the benefit of 6 months of experience at that point in time versus when the plan got finalized. So some of that was based in there as well.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: That's right because so you did raise the '14 when you did the update in July, as I recall a little bit. Okay.
William H. Spence: Yes.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: And my other question, and this is just a clarification, Bill, when you talk about kind of a trough in earnings, '14, '15, are you referring specifically still to just the Supply business or the overall PPL [indiscernible]?
William H. Spence: Really, what we -- I was really speaking to the overall PPL consolidated EPS, which, obviously, some of that is driven by the fall-off on the Supply earnings.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell at Jefferies.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just 2 quick housekeeping issues. On Slide 21, you give there projected regulated rate base growth. Are those average or year-end totals? And the second thing, I know you talked on a percentage basis. But for your incentive revenues for the U.K. businesses, were you assuming in millions of dollars in like '16 and '17?
William H. Spence: Okay. So on the slide, those are year-end numbers. And Rick, why don't you comment on the incentives?
Rick L. Klingensmith: Yes. So as we showed on our July 1 presentation, there was an incentive slide that was baked in. And to give a bit more detail, we have estimated $100 million in incentive revenue that we have earned throughout the rest of this regulatory period. But given the regulatory lag and how you recover those revenues, those will then slip into '16 and partially into '17 for our recovery period. But that's our forecast for the incentive revenues for that period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Gregg Orrill at Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about coal transportation costs to your PJM fleet. And kind of longer term, what you're seeing in terms of trends there and how you're addressing it?
William H. Spence: Sure. On the coal transportation front for our major rail supplier, we had renegotiated a longer-term contract that I think was either -- I think it was late year before last. And that contract goes out still a number of years yet. And so, in terms of our trend, it's really just following the contract terms as we negotiated it. I don't know that I have any more color on where the trends are today. So we're happy with the contract, and it's performing pretty much as we expected it to perform.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani at Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a question on the U.K. operations. Can you talk about what it takes to get fast tracked and what impact having good customer service has on that?
William H. Spence: Sure. Rick?
Rick L. Klingensmith: The fast-tracking process is one that Ofgem will look at how has companies performed in the current rate period with regards to what you had promised to deliver. And promising to deliver is the investment plan that had been set forth in this current 5-year period, as well your performance against the regulatory metrics, including customer service and reliability, safety and a number of other items. And so, how you have performed is a key factor that goes into the fast-track decision. The other side of that decision is then providing a well-justified business plan, a justified business plan that is backed up by cost-benefit analyses, technical analysis of what you need to spend over the next 8-year period, a review of all your cost bases to ensure that there's levels of efficiency in your cost base, as well as then having your business plan influenced by a significant stakeholder engagement program. And we have an extensive stakeholder program where we've had over 4,200 different stakeholders, a number of working groups that have been spread out across our territory to get input from our customers, to get input from our stakeholders with regards as to what do they deem to be most important in the delivery of the service that we provide them. And then we take that input and include it into the business plan determination and prioritizing our investment that is consistent with our stakeholder views. And so that's an important factor that the regulator will review as well. So it's performance in the current period and a well-justified business plan that we believe then sets us forth to be fast tracked through the process.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Rick.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then just a question on the Supply business. Can you talk about your commitment to infuse equity into Supply just to improve the balance sheet and help pay down some debt, particularly in the light of what we've seen in the markets? And maybe some better opportunities elsewhere within the company as far as regulated investment, et cetera?
William H. Spence: Sure. Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, we've got significant capital in terms of equity coming into the company. We had the $1.150 billion convert at the beginning of the third quarter here, we had the equity forward conclude itself and convert over to shares in Q2. There is new equity coming, $978 million, April of next year from the converts issued to finance the U.K. acquisition. We did -- at the beginning of the quarter, we had a maturity in Supply of $300 million that got paid off. We're, again, in the throes of our business planning process. There's not a -- you use the term capital commitment where we are trying to target and expect to achieve investment-grade credit ratings across the enterprise. We've eliminated equity on a going forward -- need on a going forward basis. So with the very robust capital spending plans of all 3 of the utilities segment, the capital is called for and spoken for at this point in time. But we do massage things as we move through time, and we're cognizant of the statement that Bill made earlier about looking at all the options to try to increase share value, and that'll factor into our financing plans as we finalize those as part of normal business planning.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bill Spence for any closing remarks.
William H. Spence: Okay, thanks, operator, and thank you all for joining us today and look forward to your questions on our next quarterly earnings call.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein William H. Spence - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul A. Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David G. DeCampli - President of PPL Electric Supply Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman of LKE, Chief Executive Officer of LKE and President of LKE Gregory N. Dudkin - Principal Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Ashar Khan Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Matthew, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Joe Bergstein, you may begin your conference.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides to this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. Appreciate you joining us this morning. Here with me today are Paul Farr, PPL's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as our 4 business segment presidents who will participate in the Q&A session later today -- later on the call. To kick off the call this morning, I'll provide an overview of our first quarter results, some commentary on our 2013 earnings forecast and an operational overview. Following my remarks, Paul will provide a more detailed financial overview. Turning to Slide 4, I'm pleased to report that we delivered strong growth in each of our regulated segments in the first quarter. Combined, the regulated businesses delivered a growth of 40% in earnings from ongoing operations. And earnings per share from ongoing operations increased by $0.01 despite lower earnings in our Supply business, as well as the impact of accelerated share recognition from the 2010 and 2011 equity units. This is a topic I'll discuss in more detail in a minute. On a net income basis, earnings from ongoing operations increased about 11% in the first quarter versus the same period a year ago. Reported earnings were lower than last year, mainly due to net mark-to-market adjustments on economic hedges in the Supply segment and foreign currency hedges we have in place on future U.K. earnings. Now, let's turn to a discussion of our 2013 earnings forecast, which you'll find on Slide 5. We're updating our forecast to reflect the impact of accelerated share recognition from the equity units we issued in 2010 and 2011, in connection with our Kentucky and U.K. acquisitions. Our original guidance only reflected a partial year impact of the shares related to the 2010 equity units that settle midyear 2013. Late in the first quarter, we finalized our financing plans for the required remarketing of debt securities related to these equity units, allowing us to hedge our interest rate exposure for both equity units at attractive rates, rates that improved as we moved through the quarter. Those activities caused us to reflect the full expected impact of common stock underlying both series of equity units in our calculation of earnings per share effective January 1 of this year. The accelerated share recognition impacted first quarter ongoing earnings by $0.06 per share and is expected to impact full year 2013 ongoing earnings by $0.10 per share. As a result, we're adjusting our ongoing earnings forecast to $2.15 to $2.40 per share. We also announced this morning, a reduction in future equity needs of approximately $100 million per year. We believe we can maintain our rate base growth plans and targeted credit metrics even in light of this equity reduction. We clearly view both actions as positive for share owners. I want to stress that our view of 2013 net income from ongoing operations remains unchanged since our original forecast, and we feel very good about the forecast after delivering a very strong first quarter. Paul will provide additional details on what I just covered in a few minutes. But first, let me highlight a few operational things on Slide 6. Moving to Slide 6, our U.K. subsidiary is preparing for a price control review under a new regulatory approach called RIIO. WPD is finalizing detailed business plans for each of our 4 distribution networks, and we'll submit those plans to Ofgem, the regulator, by July 1. Our objective is to be selected for fast-track consideration by Ofgem, which would enable us to conclude WPD's price control review early in 2014. This would provide greater certainty in base revenues and financial incentives. You can follow key developments and filings in this process on the Investor section of our website. In January, PPL Electric Utilities filed a request with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for accelerated recovery of certain distribution system reliability improvements. We expect the decision from the PUC later into spring, with implementation of the DSIC cost recovery mechanism beginning July 1. Also in Pennsylvania, construction work continues on the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line. We've updated our cost estimate to $630 million based upon final contract costs. In March, PPL Electric Utilities began construction of the 500 KV Lackawanna Substation, a critical component of the project. We continue to expect the line will be completed and in service by the summer of 2015. This project is a major part of our regulated infrastructure investment program that will improve regional electric reliability, create jobs and provide a significant regional economic boost. Moving to the sales volumes for the quarter on Slide 7, in Kentucky, weather normalized sales increased about 1.5% for the first quarter of 2013 compared to 2012. The increase was primarily driven by residential sales, which were up more than 5% due to customer growth and improved economic conditions. Industrial sales were slightly higher in the first quarter of 2013 as several large industrial customers in the chemical and automotive industries experienced increased volumes. In Pennsylvania, weather normalized sales declined slightly on increased energy efficiency, energy conservation and a challenged industrial sector. However, we did see a 3% increase in residential sales over 2012, driven by increased customer usage and a small increase in customer count. Turning to the competitive Supply segment on Slide 8, in April, we began a scheduled refueling and maintenance outage on Unit 2 at our Susquehanna nuclear plant. During this outage, we will replace the turbine hose to improve airflow and reduce blade vibration. In addition, we are installing new blades to have stronger metallurgical properties. We expect this to provide a long-term solution to the turbine blade issues that have affected Susquehanna operations over the last 2 years. Later in the spring, we plan to take Susquehanna Unit 1 out of service for the upgrades needed to address its turbine blade issues. On a final nuclear note, we had excellent performance from both Susquehanna units during the first quarter with 100% availability. In April, we also reached commercial operation on the upgraded Rainbow hydro electric plant. The project increased generating capacity of the Rainbow plant by 70% and spurred considerable business activity in the Great Falls area of Montana. In summary, we're off to a very good start in 2013 with solid financial results that keep us firmly on track to meet ongoing earnings. We continue to take proactive steps to efficiently finance our growth plans by locking in low interest rates and reducing our equity needs, while still maintaining our targeted credit metrics. We also remain very optimistic about our ability to execute on the major construction programs, delivering solid results for customers and growing share owner value. I look forward to your questions and now, turn the call over to Paul Farr.
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin my remarks by providing some additional color on the EPS impact we are reporting in Q1 and that will impact our full-year 2013 EPS related to the 2010 and 2011 equity units. The decline in interest rates we observed during the quarter incented us to finalize remarketing plans for the $2.1 billion debt component of the equity units. After finalizing the plans, we hedged about 90% of the treasury, interest rate exposure and locked in what we consider attractive rates with a weighted average duration that is somewhat longer than we had originally planned. The combination of our financing plan and the significant downward movement in interest rates since the equity units were originally issued, caused us to change from the treasury stock method to if-converted accounting in calculating diluted earnings per share. This change affects EPS beginning in the first quarter of this year, and no prior periods are affected by the change in accounting. Further, the terms of the equity units have not changed and the actual issuance of the common stock still are scheduled to occur July 1 of this year and May 1, 2014, for the 2010 and 2011 equity units, respectively. The accelerated share recognition only impacts the 2013 calculation of diluted earnings per share, and our underlying net income forecast has not changed as Bill just indicated. Let's move to Slide 9, where we show the combined impact year-on-year share count for the change in equity unit accounting and the decision not to issue common stock to fund our DRIP in management comp needs in 2013 and beyond. We've outlined both our original projection of weighted average common shares outstanding as provided on the year-end 2012 earnings call and our revised estimates. The net impact on 2013 is approximately 50 million of additional shares included in the weighted average share count. Our original projection basically had a half year impact from the 2010 equity units that will settle midyear this year and no impact from the 2011 equity units due to the treasury method treatment we had used in the past. You can see that there's no net impact on 2014 versus our prior projection, and the outright increase over 2013 is primarily driven by a full year impact of the equity forward that settles in Q2 of this year. The elimination of approximately $100 million per year in planned new share issuance clearly benefits 2015 and beyond as 10 million fewer shares are outstanding starting in 2015. Let's now move to Slide 10 where we have provided an updated 2012 to 2013 earnings walk reflecting these changes. The net $0.10 decline from our original 2013 EPS guidance is driven by $0.18 from the impact of additional shares for the if-converted treatment of the equity units, partially offset by a $0.07 adjustment in the earnings per share calculation for the interest expense associated with the debt component of the equity units under if-converted accounting, and a $0.01 benefit from the removal of new issuance for DRIP and management comp from our 2013 financing plan. Again, our forecast of underlying net income and the EPS forecast is unchanged. Now, let's move to Slide 11 to review our first quarter financial results. PPL's first quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased over last year, primarily driven by substantially improved earnings at all 3 of our regulated business segments. This was partially offset by lower earnings in the Supply segment, primarily due to lower hedged wholesale power prices. Let's begin our segment review with the Kentucky regulated segment on Slide 12. Kentucky earned $0.14 per share in the first quarter, an $0.08 increase compared to last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher margins due to new base rates that went into effect on January 1, higher retail electric volumes as a result of colder weather in 2013 and additional revenues from environmental investments. O&M was lower primarily due to the timing and scope of scheduled generation outages for 2013. Partially offsetting these positive drivers were higher depreciation and dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving to Slide 13, our U.K. regulated segment earned $0.37 per share in the first quarter, a $0.06 increase over last year. This increase was due to higher utility revenues, primarily driven by higher prices, and lower U.K. income taxes driven by a slightly lower effective tax rate. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher O&M and dilution of $0.04 per share. Turning now to Slide 14, our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.10 per share in the quarter, a $0.04 increase compared to last year. This increase was the result of higher delivery margins, primarily due to new rates that went into effect on January 1, and higher sales volumes due to mild weather in 2012, lower O&M and lower interest charges. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving to Slide 15, our Supply segment earned $0.11 per share in the first quarter, a decrease of $0.16 compared to last year. This decrease was primarily the net result of lower Eastern energy margins driven by lower baseload energy prices, partially offset by increased baseload unit availability, higher capacity prices and higher margins on intermediate and peaking units. Lower Western energy margins, primarily due to lower wholesale energy prices, higher depreciation, higher income taxes, primarily due to a 2012 state tax rate adjustment, and dilution of $0.01 per share. These negative drivers were partially offset by lower O&M due to lower outage costs. That completes the more detailed financial overview, and I'll now turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Paul. Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just on the Supply side of the business, can we maybe talk kind of beyond 2014? I know on the last call, you guys suggested that '14 represent the trough. But can you maybe shed the light on where hedging is right now for '15 and beyond, and maybe kind of what pricing trends you're seeing in those numbers to give confidence to a better outlook there?
William H. Spence: Sure. I'll make a couple of comments, then I'll turn it over to Dave DeCampli, who's President of our Supply business. Clearly, 2014 prices and '15 have improved over the last few months, along with heat [ph] rates kind of. But I think overall, our view of the 4 power fundamentals remains pretty much as it has been, which was we continue to see upside of $3 to $5 per megawatt hour in the '15, '16 timeframe, mostly driven by MATS compliance cost, as well as retirements. They're expected to begin in that type of timeframe. I think overall, we continue to see the strength. It's shown itself a little bit here in the quarter, but I don't think quarterly movements are all that indicative per se. I think we'd still rely predominantly on our fundamental views. With that being said, Dave, do you want to provide any other color commentary?
David G. DeCampli: Well, sure. Dan, on the hedging strategy, our target range for 2015 is to be between 0% and 30% hedged. We're sitting between 10% and 20% right now. We've benefit -- we're on the lower end of that actually. So that's where we sit today. Bill's comments on forward prices, we're still viewing the market as being having $3 to $5 upside in it for 2015 at this point. That's what our fundamentals are dictating.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just with RPM closing in, what are your expectations as you guys look out at the market today?
David G. DeCampli: Now, all the parameters are out now. So we are viewing that as -- so we're sticking to our assumption that it will come in lower than the previous auction. The parameters have not yielded any material changes in our opinion on that, so we're seeing that 16, 17 auction being a bit lower than the previous 1.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, Bill, can you just share your thoughts on dividend policy? With the -- you're going to cut back on the DRIP and that sort of thing, the decision to raise less equity rather than maybe more of that money toward a dividend increase on a sustainable basis?
William H. Spence: Dan, I really don't think that decision has any impact on our ability to grow the dividend. I think we're still very comfortable with growing the dividend as we grow the Regulated segment earnings.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So when do you guys expect to -- if you sit down with the board and talked about the strategy of when you revisit, what is the next point [ph] where that discussion comes up and what do you think the board needs to see? Is there a level of confidence in the U.K. outlook with the RIIO process that has to get done before they feel like the growth trajectory is fully confident to cement in the dividend?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Dan, this is Paul. Yes, we normally -- the board normally entertains the annual dividend adjustment early in the year. So we just went through that process in the January-type timeframe for the April 1 increase, and everybody's kind of seen that. What we have said is there are large commitments to growth from a regulated rate base perspective. And so as we look forward, as Bill indicated, I wouldn't look at the $100 million new issuance reduction as impacting what we can do from a dividend perspective. It's really the capital call on the capital that we got and our ability to massage the balance sheet. So I would still expect that we'd be able to deliver modest dividend increases as we make our way through the meatiest part of the CapEx rate base growth plan, primarily in transmission in Pennsylvania and the environmental investments in Kentucky. Those -- as you can see on our 5-year CapEx slide that's in the deck, those really start to trail off after the '13-, '14-, '15-type timeframe, and that would provide more flexibility starting in '16 and beyond as it relates to the dividends.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first quick question here and I apologize. What are the projected new average share counts, if you will, especially for '13 here? Has that changed? Or I imagine it has, obviously.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Julien, this is Paul. There is a -- right in front of my comments in the deck on Page...
William H. Spence: Slide 9, I think.
Paul A. Farr: Slide 9. There's -- we go from 615 million weighted average for '13 to 665 million. 2014 is unchanged, 670 million the old [ph] forecast, 670 million revised. And for 2015, the original was 680 million shares and now, it's down to 670 million shares. So really, after the -- you get the full weighted average effects from the forward that settled in Q2, there's no change in the share count going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I presume the '15 changes, that's just because of the lower equity issuance comments earlier?
Paul A. Farr: That's correct. That's the cumulative effect of basically 300 million in lower issuances, 100 million each of '13, '14 and '15.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Second question here. In RIIO, you alluded to a potential Fast-Track. Is this -- is there any potential for the individual utilities to get Fast-Tracked or would this be an all-or-nothing kind of thing?
William H. Spence: It would be the individual DNOs would each have the opportunity to be Fast-Tracked. So conceivably and hopefully, we can have all 4 of the DNOs Fast-Tracked.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then moving back to the Supply segment for a quick second. You alluded to your fundamental view on upside, but obviously, DAR [ph] expense have really improved here. What is your view on coal? Obviously, you haven't locked in too much from what I can tell. How do you think about those pricing trends from here?
William H. Spence: Sure. Dave, do you want to take a shot at that?
David G. DeCampli: I would say overall, if I look at where the coal market has been, it's been relatively soft here in the short term. I would expect, with the retirements, it's going to continue to be somewhat challenged then. And so we have not taken a lot of steps to hedge forward beyond '14. I mean, we're still pretty heavily hedged in '13 and '14. But I think we're waiting to see how things settle out on the forward coal price side. But I wouldn't expect that our forward view on coal markets would have changed that much. I haven't looked at it lately, but I think we're pretty much in the same ballpark as where we were previously.
William H. Spence: Yes, and in the shortest term, we've seen material improvements within the quarter from a dispatch perspective on both coal-fired and our combined cycle units. So we saw strong performance at Susquehanna, about a 20% increase in capacity factors from coal and very strong performance from the gas units as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just a little nuance here. When you talk about '14 being the trough, is that really based on your market view or your fundamental view?
David G. DeCampli: Well, right now, because we're well over 60% hedged in 2014, so it's a combination in '14 of where we are already hedged, as well as our kind of mark-to-market view of where the forwards are today. When you get out to '15, I think the mark-to-market is less relevant for us and we really switch over -- begin switching over in '15 to more of a fundamental view.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: But still, on a mark-to-market basis, you would still be higher at '15 versus '14, correct?
David G. DeCampli: I think it will be closer to flat, '14 to '15, if you looked on a mark-to-market only basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: A question on the U.K. In your projections, you still use exchange rate of $1.58 per pound. That's obviously been moving around a little bit. What are you embedding kind of in '15 and beyond for the exchange rate? And then more philosophically, how do you look at hedging that?
Paul A. Farr: So from a forward perspective, our business -- our internal 5-year business plan would use a relatively constant rate of that $1.58. We are about 90% hedged in 2013 earnings, and 60% to 70% hedged on next year's earnings, and we started to layer some hedges in the following year. That's our normal 3-year approach to things, very similar, again, to the way that we hedge the generation from the plants. So I'd expect that we continue on that. I would say that our hedges for both '13 and '14 are slightly ahead of that $1.58 number. '15 and beyond is a little bit down off of plan, but nothing material at this point.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then moving to the Supply side, the $3 to $5 uplift versus the forwards in '15 and beyond, how do you look at all those new builds that are being announced in -- or in Pennsylvania on top of the Marcellus? And what's your view on the probability that those get built and how they would actually impact the forward curve?
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, I think first off, it will be interesting to see if they clear in the capacity market auction firstly. And I think that will dictate for some of those units if they move forward or not. I think secondly, when we look at the economics of new builds, we still can't get there in terms of the numbers. So I think you have to have a pretty aggressive forward view on a significant recovery in power prices and a pretty good view on capacity prices to really clear what we think would be reasonable hurdle rates. But that's PPL's view. So we're continuing to follow that, we continue to follow the PJM rule changes that we believe are necessary to make sure that all generation is being bid in on a level playing field, and meaning no subsidies. So we're continuing to follow that very closely.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then one last quick question. Has your view on basis changed? Is it still flat going out or we've seen some basis moves this quarter obviously. What are your thoughts on that?
Paul A. Farr: For 2013, we have built into our plan about $1 negative basis for our units. I get -- I think we expect that to continue until a lot of the transmission work in PJM gets done, which would really take us out to the 2015 timeframe. And then we would expect some improvement on a go-forward basis from there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just want to clarify, what drove the accounting change to or from the treasury method?
Paul A. Farr: A combination of the types of securities that we actually ultimately plan to issue to, call it, refinance the remarketing or to do the remarketing and the decline in interest rates. But the test that we have to use for accounting measurement purposes keep us in a relatively tight band of net present value of cash flows and the combination of the decline in interest rates outright across all tenors, plus the tenors we selected ended up having us breach those bands and not let us defend them, and pushed us into having to use if-converted accounting.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then what drove your ability to take $100 million of equities? Did you just -- blocking and tackling and a little finer detail work on the credit metrics?
Paul A. Farr: That's correct. Yes, we're getting ready to start our annual business signing process for the year, and the treasury and business planning team looked at the numbers and we felt good about our ability to be able to remain strong FFO metrics and be able to accomplish the growth plan without the equity. And so as we've kind of been telling you guys for at least a couple of years, we're very not just committed to that, but incented to try to reduce that because we don't think that the share price reflects full fundamental value of the generation. So again, every time we were out needing to issue shares with that value not reflected, it was diluting the value that we think will show up for the current share base. And so we've been doing everything we can to try to whittle that issuance down. We started at 300, we moved to 100, and now, we've been able to eliminate it in full.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But was it a change in the fundamental outlook? I mean, did you see FFO improving or was it a combination of things?
Paul A. Farr: No, I think it's just our ability to manage other operating cash flow line items to be able to accomplish similar objectives in FFO.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, any update on whether you consider the Western assets still to be core?
William H. Spence: As we've said in the past, we don't comment on those types of activities, so we won't start today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just a question. First, a detailed question on Supply. The -- it looked like your expected generation in '13 is down like 1.3 million megawatt hours versus year-end plan for baseload?
William H. Spence: Yes, that's correct.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: What's driving that?
William H. Spence: Dave?
David G. DeCampli: Yes. Primarily, a couple of forced outages, which were minor, but the primary drivers, the transmission construction activity and economics have pushed a couple of our coal plants offline a little bit more than we expected in the first quarter. And that is the difference.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. So that already happened in the first quarter?
William H. Spence: That's correct, yes.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And with respect to -- if I recall, you guys did a lot of like option hedging, generally, in your collars?
William H. Spence: We have in the past, yes...
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Is that -- I guess did prices move enough that you're -- it doesn't look like you're really -- your hedge price has really moved. Is that because prices didn't move enough within the collars or they did move and it just kind of gets averaged -- rounded out?
William H. Spence: I think it's really, probably a combination of both, depending on when we put those collars in place, Steve. But yes, I think generally speaking, that's the case.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just -- I know you can't comment on the Montana assets directly, but just in thinking -- in the update on the equity issuance plans that you gave today, did that incorporate any view of potential strategic action there or is that just status quo as you are?
Paul A. Farr: As status quo as we are, that's really just fine-tuning our financing plan and looking to be as effective and efficient on the balance sheet as we possibly can. And so just trying to be proactive, it's not embedded anything new on the strategic front into those forward numbers.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then one last quick question. Just the view that RPM is going to be down, is that just -- could you just give a little more color why you think that's the case? Is it just new generation, MISO generation, what are the drivers?
Paul A. Farr: I think there's probably multiple drivers, but I think the ones that kind of I could tick off my head, and then Dave can comment, would be probably a lower demand for a while than we had previously expected overall; a little bit more supply coming in the stack and I think possibly, a little less retirements in that timeframe. But I think those would be the drivers. And DSM continues to be, I think, a factor as we get to the saturation point probably here in this next auction. But I think it's still a factor in this auction. So those would be the drivers.
David G. DeCampli: Plus, we would expect some participation from price responsive demand, recently approved by FERC. And we -- for modeling purposes, here, we're assuming a range of somewhere between $136 and $148.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just some -- and this may be for Paul, some broader questions regarding the balance sheet, capitalization ratios and cash flows. Once the converts convert, meaning the actual transactions happen, so the second one coming in May of 2014, what do you think that does to your debt to cap? Meaning right now, your total debt to cap is around 60%, but how do you think about what your capitalization ratios will be once the conversions play out?
Paul A. Farr: Michael, I don't focus as much on capitalization at corp. Clearly, from the perspective of the cap ratio that the utilities, the 65% that's wrapped [ph] in the U.K, the 51% to 52% in PA, the -- a little over 53% in Kentucky in both opcos, none of those get changed by the court decision on the share issuance or by the converts converting. When that additional cash shows up, we will, as we said in the past, defease off a bit of debt that's maturing at Supply. But a substantial amount of that will go into EU and into LKE for the 2 operating companies in Kentucky to be able to finance the growth plan. So from a corporate FFO metric change perspective, if you will, I don't see that. We got the equity credit really upfront in those. This is just now fully showing up on the GAAP balance sheet. So I -- I don't think if I'm -- sorry if I'm not answering your questioning perfectly, but we don't really think about it from a capitalization perspective at corp. We concern ourselves most with the FFO metrics at the subsidiary, and then FFO consolidated, obviously, for S&P.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And when we think longer-term, meaning past 2014, like if I look at your CapEx slide in you earnings deck today, so CapEx in '15 is $1 billion less than 2013.
Paul A. Farr: Right.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And your depreciation, I assume, will start making a sizable step-up after -- I mean, you'll be putting a lot of this CapEx in the service, and therefore, D&A will be up. So let's say the swing is $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion range. That is a good amount of the incremental capital that you're currently deploying that will now turn into cash flow available to you. How do you think about sources and uses of that cash flow over time really beginning in 2015, 2016 timeframe?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, that was the -- that goes back to the comment that I made about the dividend question earlier and that Bill made about the dividend question earlier in that -- and your relative order of magnitude of the math is correct. We have really both of the sets of domestic utilities going from huge capital consumers [ph] to -- at least in the instance of Kentucky, Greg will still be consuming capital in his distribution rate base reliability plan. But we go from -- they go from relatively large consumers to either being flat or positive from a cash flow perspective. That's what creates that capability to look at the dividends more, not aggressively, but more, call it, more constructively, more -- increase it at a higher rate than we're likely going to be able to over the next several years. That's really where that cash flow starts to show up after we get through the meatiest part of the CapEx growth plan.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But I mean that's a sizable swing in cash, $1 billion plus swing? Are you also planning significant de-leveraging either at the holdco or at Supply using some of that incremental free cash flow?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, I think it depends upon what we see as our investment alternatives at that point in the regulated utilities. Yes, I guess we see a capability potentially in the future to have additional maybe calls on the capital. But to the extent that it's surplus to the needs, I would expect the capability to do a combination of de-leveraging and stock buybacks to be able to support the balance sheet and the targeted credit metrics that we have today. So if we can find things to invest in that provide a greater return than returning the capital or shrinking the balance sheet a bit, we'll do that. And if not, we'll return it, either through bigger dividend increases or buybacks.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Meaning come 2015, 2016, you could actually be in a position to shrink the equity component of the balance sheet?
Paul A. Farr: It's really in the '16-type timeframe and forward, correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So when I look at the -- at Slide 7 of your handout, you guys posted a pretty strong weather normalized sales growth in Kentucky. And not so good in Pennsylvania, but when I compare that to your commentary from the fourth quarter call, it looks like you're ahead of what you would've expected in Kentucky but sort of on plan in Pennsylvania because you said in the fourth quarter call, you were looking at a decrease of about 0.5% year-over-year on a volume basis in Pennsylvania, growth of a little under 1% in Kentucky. So can you go through, in more granular detail, what's driving outperformance or underperformance versus your plan in each segment?
William H. Spence: Sure. I will start with Vic in Kentucky, provide a little bit of commentary.
Victor A. Staffieri: Kentucky, you see the residential up 5.2% weather normalized. And I think economic conditions in Kentucky are improving slowly but surely. Our unemployment is down, our new housing starts, '12 over '11, were up 16%. And I'm pleased to say, in the first quarter of 2013, they were up 12%. So we're starting to see the better housing starts, housing prices are going up, unemployment is coming down. And there might even be some spillover from our industrial growth because we're getting more reinvestment now in the Commonwealth. You may have heard Toyota has -- is going to put some more money in there. General Electric has just opened another line. Ford is running at full capacity now. So there were spinoffs from the industrial as well. There are jobs, there are ancillary businesses that are deploying. So -- from -- and I would say the fourth quarter and now, the first quarter have been just very good to us. And so we have some reasonable optimism that the economy in Kentucky is progressing nicely. I should point out though that in the past, Kentucky has kind of -- it hasn't come down as quickly as the rest of the nation, and generally, it doesn't go up. It's a little more steady as you go, and I suspect we're seeing that here now kind of coming back slowly but steadily, particularly on the industrial side. And we're getting some benefits now from unemployment decreases and new housing starts on the residential side.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: But not to debate you here live, but what you're showing here in the first quarter is not slow and steady, it's double your expectation for the year.
Victor A. Staffieri: I'll have a better view on this after the third quarter if it continues, Greg. How does that sound?
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Fair enough.
William H. Spence: Greg, any comments from Pennsylvania?
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, just on Pennsylvania, I'd say there's -- on the residential side, we are, I'd say, outperforming. And what we're seeing, really, the first time fairly [indiscernible], average use per customer has actually increased. So some nice trends on the growth there. On the small C&I and industrial side, I think the economy is still hurting us there. And that's why we're a little bit underplan on those areas.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: You were down 7.8% in the first quarter on industrial. Is that like one big customer that went out or a series of things? Is that like a lumpy item or is that indicative of a trend?
Gregory N. Dudkin: Well, I guess similar to what Vic said, we're going to be taking a look at that over the next quarter. I don't think that'll continue, but we'll have to see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung with Goldman Sachs.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Greg actually asked my question on the sales growth, but could we talk a little bit about your financing plans? You show a pretty large negative free cash. Can you sort of elaborate on your thoughts on the remarketing and equity units and how you will fill in the blanks on the financing plans?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Ray, the -- when you're looking at the charts that I think you're referring to in the cash flow chart in the back, we've got $1.150 billion that obviously shows up in the second quarter to early third quarter as new cash flow. We've got the equity forward that settled in the second quarter, which is -- it was originally $250 million. We actually net settled about $50 million of that to handle the DRIP and the management comp that actually went out in the first quarter. But that shows up as new cash flow, and then the retained earnings from the company net is where the equity sources of cash come from to finance the utilities.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Any thoughts on debt financings? You have the remarketing, we know, and then I know you did hybrid earlier this year. But what are you thinking for the balance to cover up the shortfall?
Paul A. Farr: I would expect that we're doing -- we'd be doing a significant number of first mortgage bonds at LG&E and KU. We've got one planned for Greg's team as well at Electric Utilities. Again, as they ratably grow their balance sheet, they'll be financing at those 53% and 51%, 51.5% equity ratios, and the balance comes from new debt issuance. I think we have one issuance planned later in the year for Supply, like $300 million or $400 million. But that would be it other than, again, all of that cash showing up midyear from the converts converting and this equity forward settlement that happened in Q2.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that's -- on terms of Supply financing, that's somewhat new. Is that sort of impartial refinancing that 750 maturity?
Paul A. Farr: A big chunk of that will actually get absorbed by or defeased off by $1.150 billion that shows up. So the issuance is right around, I think, $300 million for later this year in Supply. It's not all that significant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a lot of questions have been answered, but just back to sort of the RPM. I guess the MOPR decision on the revisions, you don't expect that one way or the other, at this point in time, to have an impact on the auction results, is that right?
William H. Spence: Yes, Paul, we're not expecting that. As every day ticks by, it's less likely. So the range, the sensitivity range I mentioned earlier, is not inclusive of that outcome.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And if it were to happen today, it still wouldn't be able to impact it. Is that the way to think about it? Or are you hearing more from -- I'm just trying to get some sense on that, I'm sorry.
William H. Spence: No, I think you have it right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then in terms of -- there was a mention of price responsive demand having impact on the RPM Auction. And I was wondering, I think of that as more of an energy product if I'm looking at the same thing you are. Why does it have an impact on the RPM auction? If you could just help me out with that.
William H. Spence: Well, it's capped for the BRA, but we think that it would actually lower the demand in the auction, which would tend to lower the clearing price. So it would have an effect on the demand.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So you think that price responsive demand will lower the demand from -- in terms of the RR curve or how should we think of that? Maybe I'll follow up after, offline.
William H. Spence: Yes, that -- why don't we do that? It's a pretty technical type of question, so let's go...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Do you see price response demand, since it's sort of an energy thing, do you see that -- this year versus last year, any changes you see with respect to that, just your outlook or expectation?
Paul A. Farr: No, not really. Not from last year to this year, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: I just wanted to say congratulations, and Paul, I really like this move of getting the dilution out of the way and clearing it for the stockholders. I think it provides a good trajectory for growth going forward. And I think that's a brilliant move, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Goldenberg with Luminus Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminus Management, LLC: My questions have been asked and answered.
Operator: We have no further questions.
William H. Spence: Okay. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call. We'll talk to you on the second quarter earnings call. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein William H. Spence - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul A. Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David G. DeCampli - President of PPL Electric Rick L. Klingensmith - President of PPL Energy Services Group LLC and President of PPL Global Gregory N. Dudkin - President of The Pennsylvania Delivery Operation
Analysts: Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division William Appicelli - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Janice, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Bergstein, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and year-end results and our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation in today's call. Joining me on the call are Paul Farr, PPL's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as the Presidents of our 4 business segments who will participate in the question-and-answer session. To get started, I'll provide an overview of our fourth quarter and year-end 2012 results, as well as a few operational highlights. Then Paul will provide more details on our segment performance for the fourth quarter and for the full year. Let me start by highlighting this morning's announcement of a dividend increase beginning with the April 1 payment. The new annualized rate will be $1.47 per share, up from $1.44 per share previously. This increase represents the 11th increase in 12 years and reflects a 177% increase over that period. Turning to earnings. Today, we announced year-end 2012 earnings that exceeded our forecasted range. Reported earnings for 2012 were $2.60 per share compared with $2.70 per share in 2011. Earnings from ongoing operations were $2.42 per share compared to $2.73 per share a year ago. Reported earnings for the fourth quarter were $0.60 per share, down from $0.78 per share a year ago, and our ongoing earnings for the fourth quarter were $0.49 per share compared with $0.71 a share a year ago. Our year-over-year decrease in ongoing earnings was driven predominantly by lower supply business margins as a result of falling power prices. We're pleased with these results as each of the segments performed better than their forecast midpoints, with the U.K. achieving the strongest outperformance at $0.04 per share. Keys to our success is a strong focus on business plan execution by the people in each of our business and service groups. As I'll discuss shortly in my operational overview, 2012 was a very busy year in which we accomplished significant milestones that position PPL well over the next several years. Now let's turn to a discussion of our 2013 earnings forecast, which we also announced today. We're forecasting 2013 earnings of $2.25 per share to $2.50 per share resulting in a midpoint of $2.37 per share. This 2013 forecast reflects the combination of high revenues from our 3 regulated businesses following recent rate proceedings and automatic adjustments resulting from prior proceedings and lower energy margins from our supply business as our higher price hedges are rolling off. The forecast also includes an additional scheduled outage at our Susquehanna nuclear plant as we have accelerated our plans to implement a long-term solution to the turbine blade issues. In addition, our forecast includes dilution of $0.11 per share associated with common stock issuances, which were related to the company's 2010 equity units and the 2012 forward stock sale. Even though 2012 is now in the rearview mirror, I'd like to review a number of key accomplishments from last year, which set us up well for 2013 and beyond. In Kentucky, we reached a very positive settlement on rate cases that resulted in an allowed return on equity of 10.25% and annual revenue increases of about $100 million. The new rates went into effect January 1. In the United Kingdom, our management team successfully completed the integration of the Midlands operations dramatically improving the customer experience in that region, and we believe that level of performance will continue. Under the regulatory rules in the U.K., this improved performance translates directly into benefits for PPL's shareowners. WPD earned more than $80 million in performance bonuses for the 4 U.K. utilities, most of which comes from the Midlands business. These bonuses will be reflected in our revenues in the regulatory year starting April 1, 2013. The 4 network utilities operated by WPD are now among the best customer service providers in Great Britain. Turning to our Pennsylvania utility operations, we received a favorable decision on our rate increase request. The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission granted an allowed return on equity of 10.4% and an increase in annual revenues of $71 million. At that level of return on equity, we expect to be able to make significant distribution investments over the next several years to replace aging infrastructure, which is going to result in more jobs, greater levels of local tax base and improving levels of reliability for our Pennsylvania customers. Also just last month, PPL Electric Utilities filed a request with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission to implement a distribution system improvement charge to accelerate recovery of about $700 million in new capital investments that will improve system reliability over the next 5 years. PPL Electric utilities was the first Pennsylvania electric company to file for this mechanism after having our long-term infrastructure improvement plan approved just last month. 2012 also marked a year of operational excellence for PPL Electric Utilities. The utility received its 18th J.D. Power award, ranked highest among large utilities in the Eastern U.S. for residential customer satisfaction, and just recently, PPL Electric Utilities received another J.D. Power award for business customer satisfaction, bringing the total to 19 awards. In addition, PPL Electric received very good reviews for its effort in restoring service to more than 500,000 customers affected by Hurricane Sandy. We thank both our Pennsylvania and Kentucky employees for their exceptional performance in the restoration process. The total cost for the storm repairs was about $66 million. Finally on the transmission front, the 145-mile Susquehanna-Roseland Transmission Line project received its final approval in 2012, and PPL Electric made a Pennsylvania PUC filing for approval of a new project called the Northeast/Pocono transmission project. This involves construction of 3 new electrical substations and a new 230 kV power line. Turning to our supply business, we've significantly adjusted operations of our coal-fired plants in the Northeast and in Montana to meet the challenging market realities. Our gas-fired plants in the Northeast are performing very well and are running as baseload units with 2012 capacity factors of 70% at our Lower Mount Bethel facility and 75% at the Ironwood plant. At Susquehanna nuclear, we have plans in place to address the turbine blade issue, and we're currently running smoothly following our outages at Unit 2 in the fourth quarter. The ability to overcome the challenges in 2012 exhibits supply's effective portfolio optimization and our ability to aggressively respond by leveraging our diverse generating assets. Before turning to Paul, let's talk about PPL's key focus areas for 2013. At supply, our primary focus will be instituting operational and regulatory improvements at our Susquehanna nuclear facility. As I mentioned earlier, we plan to address turbine blade issues on both units this spring. The extension of the Unit 2 outage and the maintenance outage for Unit 1 are estimated to have an after-tax earning impact of about $0.05 per share, which is now included in our 2013 forecast. Dave DeCampli, President of our supply group, and his team will also be working to reduce costs throughout the fleet, developing the best strategy to steer PPL's supply business through the current down cycle. In the U.K., we'll be working closely with Ofgem, the electricity regulator, on its new rate setting process, which is scheduled to go into effect in 2015. Under the new process, network operators would have their base revenues established for an 8-year period. One primary objective this year will be to provide Ofgem with a solid, well-justified business plan for each of the 4 U.K. network businesses in order to become fast tracked. This is a process that concludes up to 9 months ahead of the standard timetable. In Kentucky, we'll be focused on executing the various environmental projects that have been approved by the Kentucky Public Service Commission and will be recovered through the ECR mechanism, as well as the construction of a new combined-cycle gas plant that should be available for service in the spring of 2015. We continue to expect compound annual rate base growth of almost 9% in Kentucky through 2017. In Pennsylvania, we expect to make significant progress on our distribution infrastructure projects approved through the DSIC mechanism, as well as our Susquehanna-Roseland Transmission project. In March, we'll begin a major step in the Susquehanna-Roseland project with construction starting on a 500 kV Lackawanna Substation. We continue to expect this $560 million project to be in service by mid-2015. As we make these substantial investments in our U.S. utilities, Greg Dudkin and Vic Staffieri are focused not only improving the earned returns but also on improving reliability and customer service. We believe this is critical to achieving successful regulatory outcomes as we saw in 2012. Each of our objectives for 2013 will require the type of superior effort that is the hallmark of employees throughout the PPL family of companies. Our success depends on an excellent understanding of the business, attention to detail and a commitment to operational excellence. And on the basis of that knowledge, I feel very confident that we're well prepared for another successful year in 2013. I look forward to your questions following Paul's comments. Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 8 to review fourth quarter and year-end 2012 results. Our fourth quarter results include lower supply segment earnings driven by lower energy margins, higher O&M and higher income taxes. Full year 2012 earnings from ongoing operations benefited from strong financial performance by our U.K. utilities, but the U.K. results were more than offset by the combination of lower supply segment energy margins and higher O&M depreciation and income taxes in our 3 domestic segments. This year's results include dilution of $0.14 per share resulting from the common stock issuance Bill mentioned earlier. Let's move to the Kentucky regulated segment earnings drivers on Slide 9. Our Kentucky regulated segment earned $0.33 per share in 2012, a $0.07 decrease compared to 2011. This decrease was due to lower retail margins primarily due to unfavorable weather during the first 4 months of 2012. Higher O&M driven by increased scope of scheduled generation outages in 2012, higher depreciation, higher property taxes, losses from an equity method investment and dilution of $0.02 per share. Our U.K. regulated segment earned $1.19 per share in 2012, a $0.32 increase over 2011. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this is the operator. We are experiencing technical difficulties. Please standby.
William H. Spence: Okay, we seem to experience some technical difficulty. We apologize for that. I think we were – got cut off somewhere in the middle of Slide 10. So we’re going back to Slide 10 on the U.K. regulated segment earnings drivers. So Paul, go ahead.
Paul A. Farr: Okay, let me start back over at the beginning of Slide 10. Again, apologies, folks. Our U.K. regulated segment earned $1.19 per share in 2012, a $0.32 increase over 2011. This increase was due to 4 additional months of earnings contributions from the Midlands Utilities, a full 12 months versus 8 months in 2011. Higher utility revenue primarily due to higher prices partially offset by higher depreciation, higher income taxes, higher financing costs, a less favorable currency exchange rate and dilution of $0.07 per share. Moving to Slide 11, our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.22 per share in 2012, a $0.09 decrease compared with 2011. This decrease was the net result of higher O&M primarily due to a greater amount of maintenance work compared to 2011, higher vegetation management costs, higher PUC reportable storm expense and higher support [indiscernible] costs, higher depreciation primarily due to capital investment and higher income taxes. These were partially offset by higher transmission revenue and lower financing costs due to the redemption of preferred securities. Segment results also included dilution of $0.01 per share. Turning now to supply on Slide 12, this segment earned $0.68 per share in 2012, a decrease of $0.47 per share compared to the prior year. Lower earnings were primarily driven by lower energy margins as a result of lower Eastern energy and capacity prices; lower Western energy margins, primarily due to a contract termination related to the bankruptcy of a Southern Montana electric co-op; higher O&M at Susquehanna as well as on our gas, coal-fired and hydro-electric stations and higher shared service costs; higher depreciation; higher income taxes and higher financing costs as well as dilution of $0.04 per share. Turning now to Slide 13, as Bill had previously mentioned, we are announcing our 2013 earnings forecast range of $2.25 to $2.50 per share with a midpoint of $2.37 per share. This slide shows the change in earnings looking at the key drivers for each segment. A dilution impact of $0.11 has been isolated from the segment earnings. In addition, you'll notice a new nonoperating category that we refer to as Corporate and Other. As we have evolved our business mix to a much more regulated focus, our future financing strategy will include utilization of securities issuance from PPL capital funding, which will be the primary driver of this category, as well as certain other corporate costs not directly allocable to the operating segments. The 4 operating segments will continue to be Kentucky regulated, U.K. regulated, Pennsylvania regulated and supply. Moving to the specific 2013 drivers. We expect higher earnings from the Kentucky regulated segment primarily due to electric and gas base rate increases that went into effect January 1, higher expected retail loan growth and returns on additional environmental capital investment. Partially offsetting these positive earnings drivers is higher O&M. We expect higher earnings in the U.K. primarily driven by higher prices and lower income taxes, partially offset by higher O&M, higher depreciation and higher financing costs. We expect higher earnings from our Pennsylvania regulated segment as a result of higher distribution revenue from new base rates that became effective on January 1 and higher transmission revenue as a result of increased rate base, partially offset by higher depreciation. We expect lower earnings from our supply segment primarily due to lower energy margins as a result of lower energy prices and hedges rolling off, partially offset by higher capacity prices and higher nuclear generation output, higher O&M at our Eastern and Western fleets, higher depreciation and higher financing costs. Let's move to Slide 14. Given the difficulties some of you have expressed in modeling the U.K. segment, we are providing updated modeling parameters related to future earnings. We will use the segment income statement format provided in the MD&A of our SEC filings as the basis of our calculations. Since the 2012 10-K has not yet been filed, we provided the ongoing numbers on this slide and a reconciliation to GAAP numbers in the appendix to today's presentation. Let's begin with revenues, which are projected to increase by an average of 3.5% per year plus inflation for the balance of the price control review period that ends on March 31, 2015, plus annual incentive awards. This revenue increase includes regulated revenues that increase at 5.5%, as well as revenues driven by pass-through costs such as transmission charges, low carbon network fund charges and other nonregulated revenues. While most of our operating costs, excluding pension expense, increase with inflation, we will have additional O&M in 2013 due to higher tree trimming and maintenance expense to continue our recovery from pre-acquisition spending levels related to the Midlands businesses. We do expect this spending will be supportive of our continued ability to outperform on customer service and reliability metrics that generate bonus revenue potential. Pension expense is expected to be GBP 20 million in 2013. Pension expense in 2014 will obviously be driven by return on plan assets in '13, discount rate changes, as well as other factors. Until those drivers are finalized, we have assumed the pension expense remains at GBP 20 million in 2014 in these numbers. Depreciation expense will increase about 11% per year due to planned levels of capital investment. In calculating interest expense, most of our debt is fixed rate except for about GBP 380 million that is inflation linked. In addition, we anticipate a new debt issuance in the fall of this year of about GBP 400 million. Finally, we expect the 2011 equity units to convert in April of -- in 2014, and the underlying debt will be remarketed at prevailing rates at that time. And for the remainder of the price control period, our consolidated effective tax rate is expected to be about 22%. Combining all these drivers with the foreign currency translation rate, you should be able to reasonably estimate the U.K. regulated segment's future earnings contribution. These modeling parameters should result in approximately $770 million of ongoing earnings for 2013, consistent with the midpoint of our 2013 forecast for the U.K. regulated segment. For 2014, we are providing an ongoing earnings range for the U.K. regulated segment of $825 million to $875 million. On Slide 15, we provide updates on our free cash flow before dividends. Our actual 2012 free cash flow before dividends was $556 million higher than the 2012 projection we provided last February. The primary drivers for the increase were lower capital expenditures at our Kentucky regulated and supply segments, totaling about $630 million, which we have discussed on previous calls, as well as higher earnings at our U.K. regulated segment. Partially offsetting these drivers were funding for the purchase of Ironwood and lower cash from operations primarily due to higher pension funding by all segments. The largest driver of 2013 free cash flow before dividends is projected capital expenditures of $4.5 billion primarily in our rate-regulated businesses. The details of our projected capital expenditures and rate base growth can be found in the appendix to today's presentation. Cash from operations reflects strong earnings from all of our rate-regulated businesses and the impact of noncash expenses such as depreciation. Cash from operations also reflects projected pension contributions of about $550 million this year. Finally, turning to Slide 16, our board approved a 2% increase in our common stock dividend, increasing it to $1.47 per share on an annualized basis, as Bill mentioned, effective with the April 1 dividend. This dividend level represents a 62% payout ratio based on the midpoint of our 2013 earnings forecast. This chart shows the security of our current dividend in that projected ongoing earnings per share from our regulated businesses much more than covers our increased dividend level. With that by way of review, I'd like to turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
William H. Spence: Okay. Thank you, Paul, and operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Justin McCann of S&P Capital and IP.
Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research: I have 2 questions for Paul and 1 for Bill. For Paul, what -- the effective tax rate for the U.K. is expected to be 22%. What will it be for the consolidated?
Paul A. Farr: On a consolidated basis for '13, between 27% and 28% for 2013.
Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And after the exchange of the 2025 8.857s for the 2021 4.6s, what is your current weighted average cost of capital? And where are you targeted for by the end of '13?
Paul A. Farr: The -- from an interest expense level, we'll basically end up with the same level of P&L interest expense on the converted note but a higher par balance than we were sitting on with the notes that were at Ironwood. Your question on weighted average cost of capital is at what segment or our corp we're at?
Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research: Yes, corp.
Paul A. Farr: I don't have that number off the top of my head right now. Using a market-implied rate across all of the segments and blending that and looking at the average debt levels, especially with the holdco leverage that we've got in the U.K. and in Kentucky and the bit that we have at cap funding, that includes the convertible securities, it's going to be in the 7% to 8% range.
Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research: Okay, okay, and for Bill, what kind of impact do you now see the MATS-related plant retirements by 2015, having on forward power prices? And when do you see this taking place?
William H. Spence: Sure. I would say in terms of forward prices, we haven't yet fully seen the MATS impact reflected. We do believe that, that impact should be in the range of $3 to $5 per megawatt hour in addition to where forward prices are today. From a overall coal plant retirement perspective, we would expect, based on the MATS, as well as the care and CSAPR, EPA rules that you may get up to the 60,000 to 70,000 gigawatt retirement levels overall. So -- and I believe that's about 20%, a little over 20% of the U.S. coal fleet could be impacted ultimately by MATS. So I think the real question is one of timing. We would expect somewhere between the 2015 to 2017 time frame that all those units that would ultimately be impacted would announce retirements in that range.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Eggers of Crédit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Paul, could you just give an update on where you guys are standing kind of on the cost reduction and the capital reduction programs and your kind of -- how that's fitting the plan? And what are kind of the major buckets where you're seeing benefit right now?
Paul A. Farr: I think when you look at the CapEx chart that we included in the presentation that we've reflected the -- it's about $250 million of reduction for the supply segment. Most all of the major projects that are sitting in Kentucky have been fully contracted at this point in time, so I would not expect that we would see much variability in that forecast. The U.K. is always pretty right on. Greg and his team at EU are always pretty right on, so it would really take another downward movement in power prices before we would have to address CapEx in an even more significant way than we've already taken over the last 2 or 3 planning cycles to cause that to go down. On the O&M front, as Bill mentioned in the upfront remarks where we've included in the plan a $0.05 impact roughly for extra outages and extended outage in the refuel for Unit 2 at Susquehanna and a planned outage now for Unit 1 as well. We had said back in fall that the combination of potential additional outages, plus the Fukushima-related work, was really going to absorb some of the cost-reduction measures that we had already been putting in place at our shared services units. Some of the spending increase that you're seeing coming through the plan this year, as I indicated for the EU, was being driven by really trying to continue the outperformance on the customer service metrics and to get the condition of the network back to the level that it should have been at had the prior owner been spending where they should have been spending. In addition, Vic and his team cut somewhere around $50 million of O&M last year just to respond to what we were seeing from really bad weather at the front end of the year, so there is a restoration of some level of spend there as well. So in the very short term in 2013, I think there are some things that happened in '12 and that are going to continue into '13 that will have an impact. We're always focused on trying to operate the business in the most cost-efficient manner that we can, and we'll continue to strive to find ways to do that. I don't think that I would expect -- that you should expect to hear from us a larger scale O&M reduction downsizing effort at least as we look at our business prospects right now.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, just on Susquehanna, if you guys look at the 2 outages planned for this year, is this -- what is your level of confidence this will kind of fix the ongoing issues and [indiscernible] this plant back to a normal operating level going forward?
William H. Spence: Sure, Dan. I think we are highly confident. We have a very detailed root cause analysis that we have worked on for the last year in conjunction with the vendor. We believe the equipment changes we're making will, in fact, fix this for the long term, so we're very optimistic that this can be put in place in the spring outage and take care of us on a go-forward basis.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I just -- one last question just on demand growth trends and what you guys are seeing. Power demand, weather normalized, is down in part last year, what are you guys expecting kind of in guidance and then looking forward into the CapEx program for volume gains for, yes, '13 and maybe a long-term outlook?
William H. Spence: Sure. For the plan in 2013 in the Kentucky utility business on a weather normalized basis, we're looking at a little more than 0.5% growth so around 0.7% growth. In Pennsylvania, because of energy efficiency requirements in the state, we're actually looking at a decrease of about 0.5% on a volumetric basis, again weather normalized. So that's for 2013. On a longer-term basis, we would expect growth in about the 1% range on a year-over-year basis on a go-forward basis.
Operator: Your next question is from Kit Konolige of BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Question, I guess, this would be for Paul. With regard to the cap funding entity, so as you indicate, you'll be breaking that out separately. Can you give us an indication of -- I think you raised $400 million at that level last October. What was the use of those funds? And can you give us an idea of what kind of level of funding you expect at that entity going forward?
Paul A. Farr: Okay. Well, I -- again, as the models kind of transition here a little bit, if we go back to even a couple of years ago when we did the Kentucky transaction, the reason that we used Kentucky holdco as financing was it was cheaper to do it at that level than it was given the relative business mix at that time, given the steps that we've taken over the past couple of years, we're now comfortable with replacing the Kentucky holdco financing with a single holdco at PPL Cap Funding, which comes with a PPL Corp. guarantee. The $400 million issuance last year was actually originally planned at supply, and so we primarily used that level of financing to delever the supply business. I would expect that as we remarket convert securities, the piece of which -- the $1.150 billion that we'll convert in June will remarket at that level, and then the $977 million, $978 million that'll convert in April of the following year, will also be remarketed at that level. Those are existing outstanding securities, and then I would look again as we kind of grow the balance sheet. And as we're trying to maintain target credit metrics at the opcos, it won't be an overreliance on cap funding, it'll be the right balance between on the domestic front primarily first mortgage bonds, some modest level of holdco issuances, all to kind of keep the targeted credit metrics and cap structures at the regulated utilities, plus the investment-grade credit rating at corp.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. And one other -- somewhat related to that, Paul, so on supply segment reported earnings, you've talked in the past about wanting to ensure that earnings at supply don't go negative as a segment. Is that still the outlook? And what year would you expect the bottom to be? And would you be -- if we included this $0.04, that looks like it arguably could be a sign to supply. Would that also be the case?
Paul A. Farr: That would be the case and I would -- as we think about kind of the business planning horizon, as we look at our numbers, 2014 looks like the trough period for us. We need to kind of see obviously as we continue our hedging program and execute on our retail and other platforms. We kind of see -- need those -- need to see those forwards play out. So there's more work to do, if you will, but yes, we will continue to see those levels.
William H. Spence: And I think the good news there, Kit, is that with all the strategic acquisitions that PPL's done over the past few years, we've really significantly shielded ourselves from commodity market volatility. So I think as we look forward, we have a very stable and predictable platform of earnings drivers that I think really position us well.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And so just to follow -- just to be clear, Paul, so you're saying EPS segment reported at supply would not go below 0 as you see it at this point?
Paul A. Farr: Correct.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Paul, can you just remind -- can you remind us what your expected '13 and '14 share counts are?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, they're actually in the appendix to the material...
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, I'll dig them up.
Paul A. Farr: Okay. No problem.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then with the maturities coming due, have you taken any proactive steps to hedge out any interest rate risk around those refis?
Paul A. Farr: We actually have a very active hedging program around both interest rates and FX, and we're right on in terms of where I would expect those hedge levels to be around expected issuances. We actually are most active in kind of on the interest expense side inside the 24-month window but definitely 1 year out, which we -- we're active so...
Operator: Your next question is from Neel Mitra of Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Question on supply, now that you're running your coal plants less, are you looking to blend some PRB or lower-cost coal into the northern add [ph] mix? And how would that affect your current coal contracts and transport agreements?
William H. Spence: Sure, I'll ask Dave DeCampli, President of our supply group to take that question.
David G. DeCampli: Yes. Neel, we are experimenting with the use of lower quality coal in some of our coal units. We need to determine technically the impact on the boilers over the long term. So during the year, late year 2012, we were doing a lot of test burning. We do expect to be able to burn some lower-spec coal going forward. And that is reflected in a little bit of an increase in our expected baseload generation from the coal units, and it's priced in as well. With regard to PRB coal, with the transportation cost, we just don't anticipate that being much of a player for us.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just additional question on the Susquehanna outages. The way I understand it is that you have 2 planned outages in the spring, and one's a refueling outage, and you're going to try to do the work on the unit during the refueling outage. So should we expect that there could be a possible additional outage in the fall? Or do you expect to be able to get all the work done in the spring?
David G. DeCampli: Yes, the -- actually, you know there's -- there are 2 outages scheduled for the spring. One is the refueling outage that's -- was previously scheduled, and we'll couple onto that the modifications or the initial modifications to that unit. Within the same time frame, with 1 week of overlap, we're going to take the second unit off and do the same modifications to it. So we expect to be done in the spring period with both units coming out of service. Again, one for refueling plus modification and then the other unit just for modification.
Operator: Your next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question, going back to the U.K., if you will, I just wanted to get a little bit of a sense. I know you talked about 2014. Obviously, you've been outperforming thus far and going forward. How do you think about 2015, the rate review, just, again, earned ROEs, et cetera? How do you think about that in the context of the new rate design here as well and revenue profiling rate specifically as well?
William H. Spence: Okay. I'll ask Rick Klingensmith, President of our Global and Energy Services Group, to take that question.
Rick L. Klingensmith: As we look at 2015 and the RIIO approach to the regulatory framework as we reach to that period of time, there really are a number of factors that are -- come into the determination of what our revenues are going forward. You mentioned profiling, which is the way the revenues have been shaped during this rate review period will likely be different as to how we see, perhaps, a more unprofiled approach in the next rate review period. That element is just one variable, but there will be other variables that will come into play as well, including the weighted average cost of capital, incentive revenues, our capital expenditures and our cost plans going forward into that next 8-year period. We are still working on our business plans at the moment to put all those variables together, and we'll be submitting those to Ofgem in July of this year. So hard to say what the ultimate outcome will be from that RIIO effect, but we will have a better idea of the various parameters and its effects with our business plans the middle of July.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then in terms of the, I suppose, early notification, the accelerated business plan or what have you, if you were to get that, shall we say, would we have a better view on '15 earlier shall we say?
Rick L. Klingensmith: Well, you may have a better view of '15 as Ofgem has announced that they would come out in October of this year with an assessment of the business plans that have been filed and an assessment of were any of those business plans of sufficient justification for them to be fast tracked through the process. To the extent we are fast tracked through the process, and that is our goal, to have each of our 4 distribution operating companies fast tracked through the process, that it would be in February '14 that we would have a final determination, a set of final proposals from Ofgem, for the fast-tracked entities. That would be about 9 months sooner than the normal process that would happen toward the end of '14.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And sorry, just to clarify, just to ask you directly, what kind of earned ROE are we talking about at the utility last year -- U.K. utility?
Rick L. Klingensmith: Well, the U.K. utility was in the 17% range as far as the earned ROE for the last year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And that's at the holding company basis?
Rick L. Klingensmith: That's in the U.K. If you were to look at our U.K. regulated segment, which incorporates the interest costs associated with our equity units, you would find that and some extra costs that are allocated here on the domestic side, you would find our U.K. regulated segment ROE, as we've reported, to be about 16%, 16.1% in 2012.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And Paul, just one clarification from the last question there I think Neel asked. The kind of coal, Dave, that you're experiment with, that is not PRB. It's Illinois Basin? I'm sorry, just wanted to clarify on behalf of Neel here.
David G. DeCampli: Well, we're working with a couple of suppliers for lower-spec coal but not PRB.
Operator: Your next question is from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: What is your realized ROE for Kentucky embedded in your midpoint of the '13 guidance?
Paul A. Farr: It's -- on a regulatory ROE basis, it would be about 9.5%, so that would exclude the goodwill and some other things that, in the purchase accounting, that wouldn't be embedded in a normal calculation. But around [indiscernible] ...
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And if you were to include it, is it like closer to -- is it below 9%?
Paul A. Farr: It will be below 9%. It would be closer to 8%. There's roughly $1 billion of goodwill on Kentucky.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. That's fine. Secondly, could you -- I mean, I know that you're not showing us any power hedges for '15, but can you give us at least a sense if you have any hedges in both on power and the coal side?
William H. Spence: Sure. We typically will report on that forward year, that third year, if you will, later this year based on past practice. So we don't have a lot of hedges out there in 2015 at this point. We're probably in the 10% to 20% type range right now, which is very typical where we would be at this point in time for a year like 2015.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: So the comment that the '14 is an earnings trough for supply, so '15 seeing some pickup is just purely a function of forward power curve.
William H. Spence: Predominantly, yes.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then lastly, you are showing a slide with the share count, with the average share count. It seems to me, at least, that it's a little bit higher than what we heard from you during the third quarter earnings call. Am I mistaken?
Paul A. Farr: No, it should be right -- pretty much right on top of those numbers because at that time, we knew that we would be able to constrain the future equity issuances after the equity forward settles here at the end of Q1 and then the 2 converts, they're basically just driven management comp. So that was embedded at that point in time as well. It should be very close to those numbers.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First on O&M at the non-regulated PPL supply business, just we've seen a lot of your peers, whether it's Exelon, whether it's FirstEnergy, several others, some of the IPPs talk about kind of increased focus on O&M cost management given kind of a multi-year down cycle. We've seen you reduce capital spending costs, and we know that 2013 is a little unusual because you have the Susquehanna outages. Just curious how you're thinking kind of second half of '13 or for the next few years about your -- I guess, the actions you're likely to take given the power market conditions.
William H. Spence: Sure. I think as I mentioned in my opening remarks, Michael, we are very focused on managing the O&M as we look at the next few years in particular. And Dave, why don't you comment on some of the specific things we are doing.
David G. DeCampli: Yes, Michael, in 2012, on the fossil and hydro-side of the business, we were able to reduce O&M about $40 million. Some of that was offset in 2012 due to the Susquehanna outages, and you commented that will -- some of that will occur in 2013 as well. We continue to work through the whole fleet and very, very carefully work through a whole number of items to trim O&M costs going forward. I would expect level or slightly reduced O&M in the plan for the next 5 years.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. Another thing, you mentioned pension cash contributions in the $550 million range. What's the impact of bonus depreciation across your segments and at the entirety of the business?
Paul A. Farr: The impact from what it does from a cash perspective?
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Cash and which segments could it be an offset to rate base.
Paul A. Farr: Okay. We have -- based upon the level of spend for next year plus some carryover from the prior years, it would be about a $400 million deferred tax asset. Now remember that we purchased north of $1 billion of net operating losses from the Kentucky acquisition that we have not been able to use at this point in time given the number of years that we've now been having bonus depreciation. So we were not going to be a tax -- a federal-level cash taxpayer until 2016 without the incremental bonus depreciation we've been given. That now pushes us out into at least 2017. So we would not have had cash taxes planned prior to the gift of bonus depreciation that we got right at year end here, but it will push out another year before we're a cash taxpayer.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then finally on Susquehanna, the $0.05, is that mostly O&M? Or is that lost megawatt hours? And then when we think about the future years, should we back that out? Or do you expect to see future recurring, higher nuclear O&M costs?
William H. Spence: It is a combination of both O&M as well as lost margin due to the days that we're planning to be out. And on a go-forward basis, the level of adjustment, if you will, on O&M should be minimal, meaning that we should come back to more or less a normal run rate with just our planned outage schedules, and any follow-up work that we need to do on turbine blade-type modifications, we would do in the context of scheduled outages as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question is from Andy Bischof of MorningStar Financial.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you'd just give a little more guidance around the incentive awards in the U.K. business. And kind of looking at this year's level, is that a pretty good range for a run rate going forward and opportunities for further incentives?
William H. Spence: Sure. As we noted, we were able to generate a little over $80 million. I believe it's $83 million in incentives in the last regulatory cycle, which would kick in April 1 of this year. And maybe Rick, you could comment on how we look at the future in terms of incentive bonus.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Yes, as we look out at the future, as Bill mentioned, for the regulatory year that ended in March of 2012, that we will get recovery starting in April 1 of this year for the 12 months following April 1 of this year. It was about $83 million, and about 80% of that incentive revenue was earned at the Midlands business. 20% of our legacy business is in Southwest and South Wales. As we look into the future, we are expecting and forecasting at least that same level of outperformance here over the next 2 years, relatively in Q4 heading into our real period when the metrics are reset at that point in time. So we are confident that we'll be able to earn at least that same level of $83 million in bonus revenues going forward.
William H. Spence: So the net income -- the new net income guidance that we provided for 2013 and '14 reflects the $83 million of bonuses that we expect to continue.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Ronald (sic) [Jonathan Arnold] of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question on the U.K., just that you talked a little about this fast-track process. Could you just describe a little more when you would expect to know if you will be going down that path and how that works?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, as Rick mentioned, I think, on one of the previous answers to the question, it was in the October time frame in '13 with the final knowledge in February-type time frame of 2014. [indiscernible]
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry, I missed that. And then I wanted to clarify on one of the other answers you gave on another question. You talked about '14 being the bottom obviously and cyclically in the power business for you, but you also said you needed the curves to cooperate or something along those lines. So you're saying that '14 is the bottom of today's forward curve or '14 is the bottom assuming your view of the curve, which might be different?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. At that point in our 5-year plan, we wouldn't have a significant blending yet of a PPL fundamental view. So there might be some modest expectation in there of some recovery, but it's much more towards years 4 and 5 of our plan where we would clearly expect to see recovery and heat rates and the retirement of the units that Bill had talked about, so not anything significant. It's pretty much the market [indiscernible] .
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So it's for -- so you see '15 as an up year based off the curves that are on the screen today?
Paul A. Farr: We would expect to clearly see by '15 some level of correction in terms of things getting more rational.
William H. Spence: And there is, even in the forward curve for '15, now a slight increase; '14 to '15, there's already built in, in the forwards, some increase there already. So I think what Paul is saying is that our current plan and outlook for '14 and '15 really reflect the forward prices that are posted out there.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But I'm still not clear if '15 is an up year based off the actual market curve.
William H. Spence: It is. Yes, it is, slight increase.
Operator: And your next question is from Bill Appicelli of ISI Group.
William Appicelli - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Most of my question have been asked, but just one clarifying point. The -- I think you talked about your -- the ROE you expect to have earned in or will earn in Kentucky for 2013. What about Pennsylvania?
William H. Spence: Sure. I'll ask Greg Dudkin, President of our PPL Electric Utilities, to answer that.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Similar to what Paul answered for Kentucky, based on our regulated rate base, for the distribution business, we expect about a 9.3% ROE for the distribution business, and then on a GAAP perspective, including both our transmission distribution business, we'll probably be around 8% and the difference being that we have non-earning regulatory assets, primarily deferred taxes or deferred storm costs and cash working capital.
William Appicelli - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So if you -- I guess, if you strip that out, just look more on an apples-to-apples basis on how you view the distribution, how would you look at that ROE then?
Paul A. Farr: The 9.3% I think, you'd call. On a regulatory basis, how you would look at it, it would be in the low 11% range around transmission.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Right, yes, so the 9.3% equates to the 10.4% that we were granted in the Turner [ph] rate case.
William Appicelli - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right, but if I think about all the Pennsylvania assets on a regulatory basis, so you're saying 9.3% on the distribution side and closer to 11% on transmission. Is that fair?
Gregory N. Dudkin: Correct, yes.
William Appicelli - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then in terms of the rate case schedule, I know you just resolved cases in both jurisdictions this past year. But would you expect again to file in '14 for new rates in '15 in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky?
Gregory N. Dudkin: [indiscernible] yet.
Paul A. Farr: With the low levels of low growth that Bill referred to earlier and the level of capital spend that we've got, not all of which gets a tracker-based recovery on it, especially and including the combined cycle units that's under construction now in Kentucky, we would expect in every other year, so 2015, new rates would be effective, correct.
Operator: Your next question is from Anthony Crowdell of Jefferies & Company.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two questions. One is on the U.K. You talked about what you guys earned or realized ROE in 2012, and you've given out parameters until the end of '14. But when I try to model '15 beyond, do you think Ofgem has an ROE target where when you bake in incentives and everything else, and you add it all in that they're comfortable with? Or is it just if you get incentives and you could earn 16% or 17% or 18%, that's fair game?
William H. Spence: Go ahead, Rick.
Rick L. Klingensmith: This is Rick Klingensmith. As you look at what they've done in the past, the upside potential was there because, ultimately, the ability to outperform also is helping customers. And so in the past, Ofgem has not been concerned about the outperformance that might be available for your levels of performance because it's ultimately benefiting customers. As we move into RIIO, that will likely be the case, but they will also look at the weighted average capital that's required for the business to finance the capital investment and the costs going forward. So they will reset sort of all the revenues based upon that finance ability of our business plan going forward. But I do believe that their process around outperformance will remain in the RIIO time period.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And just quickly on supply, I know people are beating up the '14 and '15, whether to trough or not. I'm just wondering are you seeing enough liquidity in the power markets right now to lock in on '14 or '15 or increase your hedges? Any comment on liquidity of that market?
William H. Spence: Well for '14, there's liquidity. I think when you get out to '15 and '16, that's when you start to see pretty thin markets there. So no real issues locking down more hedges for '14. But as we get into -- further here into '13, liquidity will probably increase, I'm sure, for '15. So we always look for opportunities to hedge in when the markets are available and at a price that we think is fair. Okay. Well, I think with that, operator, we'll close the call, and I thank everyone for joining us today and look forward to our next call.
Operator: This concludes today's PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein William H. Spence - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul A. Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David G. DeCampli - President of PPL Electric Victor A. Staffieri - Chairman of LKE, Chief Executive Officer of LKE and President of LKE
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ashar Khan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carrie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to your Vice President and Director of Relations, Mr. Joe Bergstein.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. And thanks for dialing in. Joining me on the call today are Paul Farr, PPL's Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer, as well as the presidents of our 4 business segments, who will participate in the Q&A session today. To get started, I'll provide an overview of our third quarter results and a few operational highlights. Then Paul will provide more details on our segment performance for the quarter. We will try to keep this call brief and focus primarily on the events of the quarter, as I know your day is full of earnings calls and we'll see many of you next week at EEI. But before turning to earnings, I'll update you on the impact of Hurricane Sandy. The hurricane caused considerable damage in parts of Eastern Pennsylvania served by our PPL Electric Utilities affiliate. This was the largest storm to hit PPL Electric Utilities-serviced territory, causing outages to over 500,000 customers. PPL Electric Utilities assembled the largest workforce in its history, more than 5,000 people, to undo Sandy's damage. By Sunday night, power had been restored to 99% of the affected customers, the remaining work wrapped up on Tuesday. Some of our neighboring utilities closer to the coast fared significantly worse. We have sent contractor crews that have completed work for PPL Electric Utilities to New Jersey and New York utilities to assist in the rebuilding of their devastated communities. I know this was a very trying time for our customers, and I'd really like to thank them for their understanding and patience as we work diligently to restore their power. The PA Governor's Office and PUC showed strong leadership in working with the utility industry to ensure we had solid communications and very well coordinated assistance, especially through FEMA and community emergency management organizations. I'd also like to recognize the hard work of PPL employees from Pennsylvania to Kentucky, as well as workers from out-of-state utilities, who assisted us in our restoration efforts. So now let's move onto earnings. Today, we announced third quarter reported earnings of $0.61 per share compared with $0.76 in the same quarter of 2011. Earnings from ongoing operations for the quarter were $0.72 per share versus $0.76 per share in the same period a year ago. For the first 3 months of the year, our reported earnings were $2 per share, up from $1.91 per share in the first 9 months of 2011. Ongoing earnings were $1.93 per share for the first 3 quarters of the year versus $2.02 per share in the same period last year. Our results in the third quarter and through the first 9 months of the year are strong evidence that we are delivering on the promises of our transformational acquisitions in 2010 and 2011. As expected, our rate-regulated businesses are providing financial stability as we continue to effectively manage through challenging wholesale market power crisis. I'm very pleased with both our financial and operational performance, given what the markets and Mother Nature have challenged us with. Now turning to Slide 5. Strong earnings from the U.K. utilities and the ability of our supply group to manage outage challenges at our Susquehanna nuclear plant have put us in a position to raise the midpoint of our 2012 earnings forecast. In fact, we're updating our 2012 forecast range to $2.30 to $2.40 per share and earnings from ongoing operations, making the midpoint of our guidance $2.35 per share. Before we move to Paul's comments, let me take a few minutes for an operational overview. Starting in Kentucky. Now that we've signed contracts with various vendors, we've updated our estimate of capital spending necessary to complete our previously discussed environmental compliance projects. We now estimate these projects will come in closer to $2.5 billion, a reduction of $500 million from our original forecast. We're able to deliver these savings to customers in Kentucky because we proactively addressed EPA regulations and were able to secure bids before others. These savings will contribute significantly to our objective of reducing equity needs over the next few years. Paul will provide more details on this effort in a few moments, including other CapEx reductions, higher dividend flows from the U.K. and O&M savings. Despite the capital spending reductions, we expect our rate base in Kentucky to grow at a compound annual rate of over 8% through 2016. In addition, it's likely we will need to deploy capital in the 2016 and 2017 time frame to replace the Bluegrass facility and potentially other coal-fired generation capacity. But we'll clearly have the internal cash flow to support such investments at that time. As for the rate case proceedings in Kentucky, we are moving along as planned. A settlement conference has been scheduled for November 13 and 14 with public hearing scheduled to take place later this month. We continue to anticipate an order from the commission in late December or early January with new rates effective shortly thereafter. I've mentioned on previous calls that our management team in the U.K. has dramatically improved the customer service performance of our Midlands utilities. This improved performance continues to translate into benefits for WPD customers, as well as PPL shareowners. I'm pleased to report that WPD is forecasting for the regulatory year ended March 31, 2012 to have earned over $80 million in performance bonuses for the 4 U.K. utilities, most of which comes from the Midlands businesses. This was due to our ability to deliver reliability to customers at front tier-level performance. These bonuses will be reflected in our revenues in the 12-month period starting April 1, 2013. We can say with pride that our 4 network utilities are now among the best customer service providers in Great Britain. Turning to the domestic operations in Pennsylvania. In early October, PPL Electric Utilities received final approval from the National Park Service to route the Susquehanna-Roseland Transmission Line through the park. This was the final permit required for this major grid upgrade that will improve electric service for millions of people in the Northeast, saving consumers more than an estimated $200 million per year and creating about 2,000 jobs during its construction. The rate case in Pennsylvania is proceeding, headed towards a final commission decision in December. We're of course disappointed by the ALJ's recommended decision that would produce an allowed return on equity of 9.74%. The ALJ recommendation would result in a $64 million increase in distribution revenues compared with the $104 million increase we had proposed when we filed our case. Today, we are filing detailed exceptions to this ALJ recommendation. We remain hopeful that the PUC's final decision will reflect a higher return on equity than this recommendation, especially in light of our need to continue replacing aging infrastructure and our strong customer service record. At our supply segment, we resumed generating electricity from Unit 1 of the Susquehanna nuclear plant yesterday. We shut down the unit October 20 to inspect the Unit 1 turbine. The inspection confirmed data obtained from diagnostic equipment we installed earlier in this year to monitor for conditions that could lead to turbine blade crash. This is good news because it confirms the root cause analysis and enables us to move forward with a long-term solution. During the just-completed outage on Unit 1, we replaced a small number of cracked blades. Based on similar data from the diagnostic equipment on the Unit 2 turbine, we plan to shut that unit down for inspection and replace any cracked blades we discover. We're finalizing our plans with a vendor on a long-term solution that we believe will resolve the cracking issue and can be implemented starting in the first half of 2013. We're revising the estimated after-tax financial impact of these inspections to $25 million to $30 million, as we've been able to complete them more rapidly than initially expected. On Slide 7, we provide updated detail on the competitive supply segment hedges. We've adjusted our expected output levels for 2012 to reflect the actual results through September 30 and our forecast for the remainder of this year. The decline in our expected Eastern baseload generation is primarily driven by the Susquehanna outage. For 2013, we've reduced our coal hedges in the East as we continue to manage our coal levels by working with coal suppliers to defer, renegotiate or buy out existing coal contracts. We've also provided our 2014 hedge details for the first time as we've layered on additional power hedges and have hedged now approximately 1/2 of our 2014 baseload output. By the end of 2012, we would expect to be 60% to 90% hedged for 2014. In conclusion, we're very pleased with our results through the first 9 months and confident this business mix is producing the shareowner benefits we expected. The Midlands acquisition continues to prove to be highly successful. The supply segment continues to perform well and manage through the current market and operational challenges. And our domestic regulated segments are progressing through the rate proceedings and executing on the rate base growth opportunities. I'll look forward to your question following Paul's comments. Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move the Slide 8 to review our third quarter financial results. PPL's third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were lower than last year, primarily driven by lower earnings at the supply segment as a result of lower energy margins, higher O&M and higher depreciation, which were partially offset by higher earnings in the U.K., primarily driven by higher delivery revenue. We've outlined on Slide 9 the Kentucky regulated segment earnings drivers. Our Kentucky regulated segment earned $0.12 per share in the third quarter, a $0.01 decrease compared to last year. This decrease was primarily driven by lower retail margins as a result of lower residential consumption, partially offset by higher industrial load compared to a year ago. Moving now to Slide 10. Our U.K. regulated segment earned $0.28 per share in the third quarter, a $0.06 increase over last year. This increase was due to higher earnings at WPD Midlands and higher delivery revenue at WPD South West and South Wales, primarily driven by higher prices. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher pension expense at the 2 legacy companies and less favorable currency exchange rates. Turning to our Pennsylvania regulated segment on Slide 11. This segment earned $0.06 per share in the quarter, a $0.01 increase compared to last year. This increase was primarily due to higher transmission and distribution margins and lower financing costs, partially offset by higher O&M. Moving to Slide 12. Our supply segment earned $0.26 per share in the third quarter, a decrease of $0.10 compared to last year. This decrease was driven by lower Eastern energy margins, primarily due to lower hedged energy prices; lower Western energy margins, primarily due to lower volumes; higher O&M; higher depreciation; and higher financing costs. Turning to Slide 13. We have updated our CapEx plan to reflect the changes for the lower projected ECR capital spending in Kentucky. As Bill discussed, this represents a $500 million reduction for 2012 to 2016 from our original plan. We are still finalizing our business planning process, but have identified an additional $200 million to $300 million of supply CapEx that can be eliminated over the next several years that is not currently reflected in this chart. These capital reductions will provide additional financial flexibility while we continue to manage through a low commodity price environment. Turning to Slide 14. We have updated our rate base growth projections with the only change being the reduced ECR spending in Kentucky. We now project to more than $7.5 billion in increase in rate base from 2012 to 2016 resulting in a 7.5% compound annual growth rate. We realized the reduced capital spending in Kentucky has an impact on future EPS, but this is significantly offset by the elimination of the equity needed to fund those investments. Obviously, the almost $700 million to $800 million in reduced CapEx in supply and Kentucky is a major driver to eliminating equity needs beyond our DRIP issuance. We also expect to repatriate an additional $30 million to $50 million per year above our previous expectations from the U.K. driven by our forecast of strong annual revenue bonuses and performance ahead of plan on cost synergies. We continue to evaluate our level of O&M spending and have made progress on that front. But Fukushima-related costs and the need for additional outages at Susquehanna over the next few years to implement the permanent fix for the blade cracking issue are expected to absorb that benefit in the near term. Beyond this time frame, we do see opportunity to reduce supply O&M. Given the significant attention dividends have received during this earnings season, let me end with our commitment to the dividend, which we view as an extremely important piece of our total shareowner return. The current dividend level represents a 61% payout ratio based on the midpoint of our revised 2012 earnings forecast and is much more than covered by our rate-regulated earnings. As we have been indicating, we expect modest increases to the dividend through the low parts of the commodity cycle and as we deploy significant capital on our rate-regulated utility businesses. This intention is reflected in the dividend increase that we announced earlier this year. Our dividend is secure and we clearly see added flexibility for future growth as we execute on our rate-regulated growth strategy. With that by way of review, I'd like to turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
William H. Spence: Thank you, Paul. And operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Paul Patterson.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: On the nuclear cost side there, you mentioned some -- could you just give us a little bit more of a flavor? I mean, you said $25 million to $30 million for the inspection. But what kind of costs are we talking about with respect to the actual repair of the blade cracks and any of the sort of Fukushima -- or any other basic costs that you're seeing? The other sort of question related to that is that Exxon mentioned on their call that they were looking at annual refueling cycle potentially to at least some of their plants, I think, help out with their fuel expense. I was just wondering what your thoughts are about that with respect to Susquehanna.
William H. Spence: Sure. I don't think we would change our refueling outages at this point or the timing of them. Related to cost for Fukushima, we're still in the process of determining that. But as we've mentioned on previous calls, we think the capital costs will be very manageable and the real question or open question at the moment is whether the industry would be required to install filtered nets on the units, and that would be a little bit more costly. But again, I don't think in the overall context of PPL that those costs of capital would be unmanageable. As for your first part of your question on the costs to replace the blades and the ultimate fix, on the replacement side, the costs for the O&M associated with the outage, as well as the replacement costs, those have been already factored into the numbers that we have provided today, that $25 million to $35 million after-tax. In terms of the fix, we're still determining exactly what those costs would be. But again, I don't think that they're going to be unmanageable for us.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then with respect to the filtered venting issue, what kind of -- I mean you mentioned it's manageable for you guys. Is there any sort of sense as to roughly speaking what the impact could be there?
William H. Spence: I'll ask Dave DeCampli to comment on that.
David G. DeCampli: Yes. First of all, we believe the commission, NRC, will be wrestling with this issue shortly, probably by the end of the month, as to whether that filtered vent will be included in the package of improvements or changes we'll have to make at the unit. Filtered vent, though we do not have a solid enough estimate on it at this point in time, we do have an estimate for the balance of the other changes we believe will be necessary, and that's somewhere between $60 million and $85 million.
William H. Spence: Yes.
Paul A. Farr: Of capital.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: But that doesn't include the vents. Is that right?
William H. Spence: That's correct. That's right. And I think...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Well, my understanding was that the staff was going to be maybe issuing a recommendation for these filtered vents. And I'm just sort of trying to get a sense as to what the impact of those would be.
William H. Spence: Sure. Yes, I think we'll know more obviously by the end of the month, once we find out exactly what they're looking for and the time frame they're looking for.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And these are sort of capital expenses. Is O&M considerably more or less or a big factor in all of this?
William H. Spence: Yes. It really wouldn't factor in any meaningful way. It would be capital.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just on industrial sales in Kentucky. It looked like they've been very strong. What's going on there?
William H. Spence: Sure. I'll ask Vic Staffieri to comment.
Victor A. Staffieri: Our capital -- our sales on industrials are up 9% quarter-over-quarter and about 6% for the year. And that's just -- we've just had some good, robust industrial sales in the automotive sector and in the North American stainless and the return to service of a facility that was out of service last year. So we've had good, steady industrial sales growth in Kentucky this year, 6% over last year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And just in terms of trading, just to revisit on that, how is the outlook for trading in your forecast now looking with your current experience and just what you're seeing out there?
William H. Spence: We're right on plan. I don't think there's any change.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally the Kentucky case. It looks like you guys are going to be having settlement discussions pretty soon. Any sense as to how those are shaping up or the outlook for those?
William H. Spence: The settlement, the hearings are scheduled to begin next week, and it will be too early for me to speculate. We haven't had a chance to sit down with interveners yet. The big issues, as you might imagine, are return on equity and there's some depreciation, a little bit of skirmishing around O&M expenses. But it's really the return on equity.
Operator: The question will come from Kit Konolige.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: So a couple of questions. Paul, I think in the past, you've talked about your belief that earnings from the supply business would not drop below 0 at the bottom of the cycle. Is that still the case as you start to hedge out into '14 now?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. As I think about the hedges that we've layered in and I think about the balance of the business plan, which again is getting close to final, we continue to believe that we can keep the supply earnings at that neutral to positive for the tougher years of the cycle that you're referencing.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: Okay. Excellent. And on WPD then, you said that $1 million [ph] in performance bonuses. This is the relative to the -- I think, in the past, you've talked about $60 million or better that you expected here. That's the kind of data point that we're following here?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: Your next question will come from Justin McCann.
Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research: A question for Paul. What is your current projection of average outstanding shares for '13 and '14 and also your expected effective tax rate both for the U.K. and on a consolidated basis for those years?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. On a consolidated basis on the ETR for '12 and '13, we are around 28% to 30% for '12 and '13 and that goes blending [ph] across all of -- actually, a little lower than that, closer to 25% for '12, 28% to 30% for 2013. And let me pull the share amounts for it. 2012 weighted average around 586 million. We'll get back to you on the '13 number.
Operator: Your next question will come from Julien Dumoulin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So congratulations again on the U.K. here. It just seems like it never stops. I'd be curious to what extent are the year-to-date benefits or above plan that you recognized in your guidance? Are those going to go forward? Or is this really driven by kind of a one-time tax benefit this year? If you could kind of parse that apart, I'd appreciate it.
William H. Spence: Sure. I would say it's really a combination of great operational performance, good customer service, and reliability that's going to drive some of the performance on a go-forward basis, and then there are some tax benefits. But I think basically, it's small and it's really driven by the fundamentals of the business, not any one-time items.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then secondly on supply, kind of going back to the first question there on the nuclear costs, if you could just -- in aggregate, what kind of cost increases are we talking about? And then secondly, just flagging I suppose to the extent to which on a go-forward basis '12, '13, '14, what kind of costs are we talking about? At what point will we recognize this O&M benefit?
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, on the cost for Fukushima-related, as we mentioned, the first part of it is pretty well known. And that's making changes to everything but the filtered vents, the items that the NRC and the industry is on the same page with, which will allow us to respond a bit better in an unlikely event of a challenge to off-site power in particular, as well as maintaining proper levels and understanding where the water levels are and the spent fuel pools, as well as the temperature. So those instrumentation changes are relatively small and low capital cost items. So all of that, as Dave mentioned, I think in the $50 million to $60 million kind of range. The bigger unknown is around the filtered vents, which as I commented earlier, we don't have a good estimate yet because we're not exactly sure what the NRC maybe looking for. When it comes to the turbine blades, the majority of our expense to do the permanent fix will probably come next year. That will come with some unscheduled outages, so we're going to have on the units, it's not in the refueling, we'll have a special outage to put in the permanent fix. And then the scheduled outage may -- hopefully wouldn't take much longer, but it could be a little bit longer. So O&M for 2013 will be a bit higher now. As I mentioned on the last call, we have a number of initiatives underway to trim our O&M and capital expenses, particularly in the supply segment. And there, we would expect some of the O&M savings for 2013 would be offset by the increased outage that we have to take next year. So that's kind of a rundown of where we see the supply business from an O&M and capital perspective.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Excellent. And perhaps a last quick one here, more strategic. On the supply business overall, how are you thinking about it from an ownership perspective, particularly given some of the comments from some of your peers of late?
William H. Spence: Sure. We still like the business mix that we have. We have no plans to make a strategic change with the supply business. And we're happy with its performance through the good part of the cycle, and we'll manage it well through the down cycle.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jonathan Arnold.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just on the additional CapEx cuts, I think, Paul, you mentioned in your speech $200 million to $300 million of additional CapEx you might take out over the next several years. Are you saying that you're planning to go through with these? Or that's something you have sort of obviously to manage through prolonged down cycle? Or is that something we're going to actually see you do?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. I would say that as we look at the -- responding to the lower commodity environment, that those are actions that make economic sense to take. We would try to take those in the final business plan that our board will approve later this year. So I don't think [indiscernible] the margin.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So that's something that's going to be in the plan, but just wasn't on the slide?
Paul A. Farr: Correct. We typically only update the chart in full of CapEx on an annual basis, and then provide you -- throughout the years as we make changes, we provide you the deltas. We'll reassess whether or not we actually go ahead and update that going forward just so you have it all in one spot.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then you talked about -- I think it was about $500 million of lower spending on environmental CapEx and because you've moved early on getting this stuff moving. To what extent was it a function of the final rules being less severe than maybe the initial proposal? Was that a piece of it or not?
Paul A. Farr: No, that was a very small piece. It was $30 million to $40 million of the total spending to optimize around gas. But it was heavily driven by the mercury rules, so not driven by that at all.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you're just being more conservative about what you assume it would cost?
Victor A. Staffieri: I'm sorry, this is Vic Staffieri. I would say it's not a question of conservatism. We had a plan that we laid out with the regulatory commission in Kentucky. We applied pursuant to our environmental cost recovery mechanisms. We had projections of what we thought the compliance costs were. And we were just very fortunate that with the commission's support, we were able to get out early, get our estimates in, get it all bid, everything was bid here, including all the commodities. And all of these bids have come back very favorable, and that's really the genesis of the $500 million in savings.
Operator: Your next question will come from Anthony Crowdell.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on you had, I guess, there's additional dividends being repatriated from the U.K. properties. I mean, is that additional -- is that going to be absorbed by the higher expenses that you have at the other business units?
Paul A. Farr: No. I would say that, that's a straight increment in terms of additional cash flow that we've got in the U.S. that we're then able to deploy to the regulated utilities, primarily here that have the equity needs as they're growing rate base so strongly. So yes, we don't have a forecast out for '13. So I don't want to talk about things on a net basis per se that, that's not being absorbed and is incremental to the cash we have to invest in the domestic rate-regulated.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All right. And lastly, it looks like you have the potential to wrap up the cases early -- late December, early next year both in Kentucky and in Pennsylvania. I mean does the company think they could earn your allowed return in these 2 jurisdictions once these rate proceedings are finished? Or there'll still be lag where you'll still underearn?
William H. Spence: Well, since we're still in a pretty heavily capital-intensive building program infrastructure and replacements, there's going to be immediately some type of lag. But we can manage some of that hopefully through O&M and other levers that we have to try to keep it close to or near the ROE. But I think as we've said in the past, with the type of the spending we need to do on a traditional general rate case basis that we'd be probably looking at needing to file every few years. Now I would probably just remind you that a lot of the spending that we are planning to do has real-time or near-real-time recovery, particularly in Kentucky with the environmental spend. Of course in the U.K., it's all returned off and on immediately as we spend it. And then in Pennsylvania, we have a new law that was passed early this year that will allow us to file for some of the capital, about 1/3 or more of the capital, that had we planned to spend under a new ratemaking mechanism, which will allow more timely recovery. So I think overall, we feel good about our ability to keep the returns close to the authorized level because of the ratemaking constructive arrangements that we have in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky.
Paul A. Farr: The other thing I'd chime in with is -- the other thing that's a driver that's a bit going against us is Pennsylvania, we're dealing with still with Act 129, and that's corrupting the kilowatt hour sales growth that would more organically be there. We talked about strength of industrial in Kentucky, but we've seen some soft residential. So a lot of our ability to stay out for longer periods will be dictated by how strongly the economy recovers and getting back to more normal load growth profiles as well.
Operator: Your next question will come from Paul Ridzon.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Do you have any recourse to the vendor on the turbine blades? Are they going to share some of this cost? Or is it all going to be expensed by you?
William H. Spence: At this point, we have not made that determination. I think we are both focused on ensuring that we know the root cause and putting in a permanent fix. And in terms of the commercial sharing of the cost, that will come at a later date. But I think we're very focused on just making sure that we get the permanent fix into the unit as quickly as possible.
Operator: Your next question will come from Michael Lapides.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to make sure one thing. Am I following -- are you expecting multiple years of higher nuclear O&M and capital cost of suppliers? Or is this more of a one-time thing related to Fukushima, meaning a 1 year where you'll see higher expense, and then things kind of normalize beyond that?
William H. Spence: We would be looking at this as a one-time expense. We're hopeful that for the Susquehanna turbine outage blade-cracking issue, we can accomplish much of what we need to do in 2013. We'll know better by the end of the year. But yes, we would look at these as one-time events.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just want to make sure I follow, the potential CapEx reductions at supply are not on the slide deck that you put out. That's not on the slide deck you put out today, but maybe something you put out when you give guidance for '13, as well as any potential O&M reductions you do at supply.
William H. Spence: Exactly right, yes.
Operator: Your next question will come from Steve Fleishman.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First on the hedging strategy, you guys ramped up a lot of hedging for '14 the last 2 quarters. Are you kind of planning to do more ratably hedged from here on because you left open it for a while, ramp it up? Is it kind of back to more ratable hedging from here?
William H. Spence: I think probably because we're getting closer to the period in which we'd want to have 2014 more highly hedged, it will probably tend to be more ratable, Steve. But just as we've done in this last rally, we're going to look to pick our spots as to when we hedge. So I would say we're kind of leaning in that direction to be more ratable, but we're going to certainly take advantage of any market opportunities as we see them. I'd also say that we just completed our own internal fundamental analysis. And I would say the team is more bullish on '14 and '15 than they've been for a while now. So that would tend to have us leave it open a little bit more than we otherwise would. But again, as we drive closer and closer to '14, we'll want to have a pretty heavily hedged book by then.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. One other question on Susquehanna. Is the outage cost expected to be similar to this year? Or is it just kind of uncertain?
William H. Spence: Go ahead, Dave. Why don't you answer that?
David G. DeCampli: Yes. The cost this year included -- will include 3 additional outages, really. We had a refueling outage. But in addition to that, we had an inspection outage for the other unit in the spring plus the outage we just accomplished plus a short upcoming outage to the other unit soon to start. So this year, we experienced 3 what we'll call maintenance or inspection outages to deal with the turbine [ph] rate issue. We expect just 1 of those next year in addition to the refueling outage. So next year's O&M cost would be about 1/3 of what they would have been this year.
Operator: Your next question will come from Brian Chin. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Raymond Leung.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just Paul, can you just give us an update on the latest thoughts on the equity proceeds from the equity units? I think you talked about down streaming again down to supply in terms of reducing that there. Any updates on thoughts, given that you've been able to sort of maybe potentially reduce some cost and CapEx. Does that change your view there?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. It really doesn't change the view there, per se. It lightens up -- in '13 and '14, the equity needs a little bit in Kentucky, but we have around 700 -- north of a $700 million refinancing that was otherwise due at supply next year. So we'll downstream cash for that. We will equitize appropriately Kentucky and PPL Electric Utilities to help finance those rate base growth plans. So I wouldn't say really anything has changed with respect to that. To the -- sorry to hijack the question. But the individual that asked about the 2013, the weighted average share count of 614 million shares for that year. But Ray, I wouldn't expect that we'd be changing the plan materially. And again, those cuts are coming across a 4- to 5-year window so in any given year, they're not all that significant.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a sidebar question. Can you talk a little bit about PPL Montana and what's going on down there? I think one of the agencies changed the outlook the other day. Is it just all margin pressure and lack of contracts?
Paul A. Farr: Yes. If you read the S&P report, it's reduced levels of contracting as we go out over the next couple of years. So very heavily hedged this year and next year, less hedged in '14 and '15. And those are the years like we see with respect to the entire supply business, where we do see some pressure on it. And given the project finance nature of that sale-leaseback, they've put a negative outlook on the BBB-.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from Ashar Khan.
Ashar Khan: I just wanted to -- I guess, Bill, you mentioned in the beginning of your comments that there might be some more additional CapEx at Kentucky in '16 and '17. Could you just tell us the amount and when will that be firmed up? I guess it's not in your projections right now.
William H. Spence: It is not in the projections right now, Ashar, and we don't have a preliminary number yet. But maybe Vic can talk to what we're thinking about it in terms of projects.
Victor A. Staffieri: We're in the process now of an RFP. We just got the offers in last week to meet [indiscernible]. We have some capacity requirements in '17 and '18. We've had the Bluegrass turbines originally we were going to use to meet that. We haven't done that. Those capital savings were reflected in 2012. And until we evaluate the bids that we just received and we will also take into account any self-build options for '17 and '18, still early for us to make an estimate on what those capital requirements might be.
Ashar Khan: Okay. But when will you get to know? Is it like a year down the road? Or when should we expect you having a clearer idea of those?
Victor A. Staffieri: Well, I think we could handle it by the first quarter of next year when we're done with the evaluation of the RFPs.
William H. Spence: Okay. Operator, if there are no more questions in the queue -- apparently not. Okay. Well thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And we'll see many of you at EEI. And safe travels.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein – Investor Relations William H. Spence – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rick L. Klingensmith – President, PPL Global and PPL Energy Services David G. DeCampli – President, PPL Energy Supply Gregory N. Dudkin – President, PPL Electric Utilities Victor A. Staffieri – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, LG&E and KU Energy
Analysts: Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC Justin McCann – S&P Capital IQ Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Leslie B. Rich – JPMorgan Asset Management, Inc. Andrew Bischof – Morningstar Research Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co. Brian J. Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Securities Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Brian James Chin – Citigroup Global Markets Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc. Raymond M. Leung – Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony C. Crowdell – Jefferies & Co., Inc. Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management LP Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital Management LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Joe Bergstein, Vice President, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Joseph P. Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining PPL conference call on second quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix of this presentation and in the company’s SEC filings. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL’s Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your participation in this morning’s call. I’m joined on the call this morning by Paul Farr, PPL’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for the Q&A session are the Presidents of all business segments; Vic Staffieri, President and CEO of LG&EKU, our Kentucky Regulated business; Rick Klingensmith, President of PPL Global, who has responsibility for UK regulated operations and our Energy Services businesses; Greg Dudkin, President of PPL Electric Utilities, our Pennsylvania Regulated segment; and Dave DeCampli, President of our competitive market Supply segment. To get started today, I have an overview of our second quarter results and a few operational highlights, then Paul will provide more details on our segment performance in the quarter and following his remarks we will turn to your questions. Today we announced the second quarter reported earnings of $0.46 per share up from $0.35 in the same quarter a year ago. Earnings from ongoing operations for the quarter were $0.51 per share compared with $0.45 per share in the same period last year. For the first six months of the year, our reported earnings were $1.39 per share, up from $1.13 per share in the first six months of 2011. Ongoing earnings were $1.21 a share for the first half of the year versus $1.26 per share in the same period a year ago. Our second quarter earnings from ongoing operations include $0.02 per share dilution from the common stock issued and April 2011 financed acquisition of the Midlands utilizes in the UK. For the first six months, dilution amounted to $0.13 per share. Strong results from our UK operations were a major drag from the improvement in both ongoing and reported earnings in the second quarter. Strong earnings from the UK operations and the ability of our supply group to effectively manage unplanned outage challenges at our Susquehanna nuclear plant has put us solidly on course to achieve our 2012 earnings forecast. We are reaffirming our forecast of $2.15 to $2.45 per share in earnings from ongoing operations. Before we join for a more detailed discussion of our financial results, I’ll provide a brief operational overview for the quarter. As I mentioned on previous call, our management team in the UK has dramatically improved the customer performance of our Midlands utility. I’m pleased to tell you that we recently – that all four of our distribution companies have now been ordered the Customer Service Excellence Standard, the highest customer service honor in the UK. This is the first time for our Midlands companies and the 20th year for our legacy South West [and South Wales] to receive the award. As we continue to see improved performance related to the number and duration of outages and regulatory metrics. This performance improvement is detailed to you in the appendix. Turning to the domestic operations, PPL’s electric delivery operation in Pennsylvania once again has ranked highest among large electric utilities in the Eastern United States for residential customer satisfaction in a survey conducted by J.D. Power and Associates. The award is the company’s 18th overall since J.D. Power and Associates began studying customer satisfaction among electric utilities. Kentucky Utilities and Louisville Gas and Electric were part of the J.D. Power report on midsize utilities in the Midwest Region and also had strong customer satisfaction standards. So, also there is some good news in the Susquehanna nuclear plant, when inspections concluded with no indications of cracking were found on Unit 2’s turbine blades at the facility. We returned to units of service on June 15 after the inspection analysis of this plant by discovery of small cracks on some Unit 1 blades. Unit 1 in Susquehanna returned to service on June 7 after refueling outage and has concluded replacement of a small number of turbine blades that did not cracked. We’ve installed additional diagnostic equipments on both turbines to validate suspected causes that are early under review and we are conducting additional inspection next year on Unit 1. The utilities in Kentucky have each requested rate increases to be effective in January 2013. Louisville Gas and Electric has requested a $62.1 million increase in electric rates and a $17.2 million increase in natural gas rates. Kentucky Utilities has requested an $82.4 million increase in electric rates. The requested ROE in each case is 11%. New rates are expected to take effect January 2013. In Pennsylvania, consideration of PPL Electric Utilities rate increase request is continuing. An administrative law judge appointed by the State Public Utility Commission has helped public input hearings on the company’s $104 million increase request. Evidentiary hearings are being held this week and we expect some decision by December. Also on the operational front, it’s worth noting that PPL’s power plants and electric delivery systems at Pennsylvania and Kentucky have performed very well during the prolonged heat spells over the last couple of months. Generally, our power plants were invariably an important part for generation and our transportation and distribution systems handled the stress by demand very well. We out gained some significant challenges in the second quarter across all four segments. Our Supply business continues to do a pretty good job in managing through challenging commodity markets. We continue to be optimistic that we’ll see some modest increase in wholesale energy prices by 2013. Finally, I’d like to update you on a couple of initiatives, we continue to refine internally. As you are aware, we have talked about the need to raise equity over the next 12 years to fund the very robust capital plan at all of the regulated utilities. We are looking very closely at rates significantly reduced and potentially eliminate equity needs beyond normal debt issuances and share issued for management comp. We will escalate planning process now and this is a key focus. We will provide you with specific details at an appropriate time, but we believe this objective is very realistic based on our preliminary planning. Additionally, the Supply segment continues to refine its plans on how to protect the release if power markets decline further. The directive is to develop plans to maintain positive earnings in the Supply segment should profits worsen compared to (inaudible). I want to be clear although that we do not believe this will happen, but performing this analysis is informative and should be in support (inaudible). I’m confident both of these initiatives, will address some of your concerns and we will certainly provide further detail as our plans are firmed up. In conclusion, we are very pleased with our upgrade. The Midlands acquisition continues to prove to be highly successful. The Supply segment continues to perform very well and managed to reach challenges and our domestic Regulated segments are progressing through the rate fees. We have solid financial plans in place that stress value through a variety of economic conditions and we are optimistic about the future prospects. I look forward to your questions following Paul’s comments. With that I will turn it over to Paul.
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Let’s move to Slide 7 to review our second quarter financial results. PPL’s second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were higher than last year primarily driven by strong operating results from the UK including a full quarter of earnings from the Midlands businesses versus two months of results that were included in our second quarter last year. This positive drive was partially offset by lower earnings in the Supply segment as a result of flat energy margins and higher O&M compared to a year ago. Let’s turn to the Kentucky Regulated segment earnings drivers on Slide 8. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.07 per share in second quarter, $0.01 increase over last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher sales volumes resulting from newer (inaudible) compared to the year ago. Moving now to Slide 9, our UK Regulated segment, earned $0.31 per share in the second quarter a $0.10 increase over last year. This increase was due to the operating results of the Midlands utilities that included an additional month of operations as well as performance improvements. Higher delivery revenue at WPD Southwest and South Wales is primarily driven by higher net prices and lower financing costs. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher O&M, including higher pension expense, less favorable currency exchange rates and dilution of $0.01 per share. Turning to our Pennsylvania Regulated segment on Slide 10, this segment earned $0.05 per share in the quarter, $0.01 decrease compared to last year. This decrease was primarily due to higher O&M as a result of higher payroll related expenses and higher legislation management costs. Moving now to Slide 11, our Supply segment earned $0.03 per share in the second quarter a decrease of $0.04 compared to last year. This decrease was driven by the net result of lower West energy margins, primarily as a result of the termination of a seven-month (inaudible) contract in connection with that company’s bankruptcy. Higher Eastern Energy margins driven by higher nuclear generation partially offset by lower baseload energy and capacity prices, higher O&M primarily at the Susquehanna nuclear station, higher depreciation and dilution of $0.01 per share. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill for the Q&A period.
William H. Spence: Thank you, Paul, and with that, operator, we’re ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock. Your line is now open.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC:  Hi, guys, can you hear me.
William H. Spence: We can. Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning. Couple of things. First, the National Grid got some rulings from Ofgem and they seem somewhat disappointed with them. I was just wondering if you could sort of compare and contrast their situation compared to yours?
William H. Spence: Sure, Paul. And that was the preliminary leave on their plan that was filed with Ofgem, but Rick Klingensmith can get into the details for you.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Good morning, Paul. As a way of background, in the Regulated businesses in the UK, the electricity transmission, the gas transmission and the gas distribution are undergoing a price controlled review under what Ofgem has called to (inaudible) process. And as part of the real process, there was a set of initial proposals that you referred to that was just published by Ofgem that sets forth. Ofgem’s view of strong order and the recurrence required for those Regulated businesses. They will go through the process through the rest of this year with some final proposals that will be published in the November and December timeframe. As you commented, the grid did come out with a service disappointment, and it asked for additional capital to be spent in their [networks], as well as they have requested the higher (inaudible) initial proposals that came out of Ofgem what we see are they are really coming in line with what we are currently seeing for electricity distribution price control review that we are currently operating in. The cost effective returns, the weighted average cost of capital, the efficiencies as noted are right in line with where we are today with electricity distribution. So, we aren’t surprised by the result, that’s what we had expected.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then with respect to the expected generation, it seems like that’s come down a bit and it looks like you guys have a little bit more coal hedged than you actually have for expected generation. Could you comment on how that’s going to work both sort of practically and financially with respect to how you are going to deal with that excess coal, I guess, is what it looks like?
Paul A. Farr: Yeah. Sure, Paul. You are correct on the both counts and I’ll ask Dave DeCampli to provide some more color on that.
David G. DeCampli: Sure, Paul. Our generation baseload forecast, it is down, yes. However, our intermediate and peaking forecast is up partially offsetting that. And, as we would always do, we will buy from the markets while our costs to generate to make up any differences there. The bottom line on generation it’s about neutral plus, and on the coal management side you will see on Slide 21, I believe we are over hedged in coal for 2012. We are managing that primarily just through inventory, and for 2013 we’re continuing to work with our suppliers on a number of arrangements either through differing or renegotiating or buying out contracts. So 2013 still has a little bit of work to do, but 2012 we will manage primarily through inventory managing.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Then financially how should we think about how that will impact I guess EPS in 2013, I mean you sort of managing these contracts and what have you given what’s happened with the coal?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Paul this is Paul Farr. It depends upon the mechanics that we ultimately used to get rid out of the excess position. To the extent that it’s a contract buyout, you would see a chart coming through the P&L related to that. To the extent that we differ, it’s simply a deferral and shows up in future periods in the pile cost and the compensatory management. Again, it just blends into the pile, and we would absorb that. As soon as we get through 2013, we do have a capability to absorb that in ‘14 and beyond. So it’s just simply a matter in terms of the financial impact what mechanical way we used to get out of that excess position.
William H. Spence: And I think Paul, at this point, we believe that it will be relatively immaterial to 2013.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then just finally Act 129, there has been some activity at the Pennsylvania PUC and I was wondering, if you could comment on that? Also there was, I guess, one demand response provider is indicating that with respect to the curtailments that happened in the third quarter that has lowered prices in some of the Pennsylvania areas in the real-time markets and just how we should think about the impact of demand response Act 129 on the wholesale market outlook for you guys?
William H. Spence: Sure. I would say overall, Act 129 is coming into play pretty much as we would have expected it. It has prompted obviously a lot more conservation and a lot of – plus peak demand than you otherwise get. And certainly the PJM demand response program has contributed to that in addition to Act 129. So I think overall it’s not a surprise necessarily and I think power prices have in real-time reflected the implementation of some of those demand response programs in addition to some of the other energy efficiency programs in the State of Pennsylvania. So overall, I would say no major surprises from our perspective.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So with the changes at the PUC or the activity that’s happened there recently, should we expect any change to any of these activities going forward or does it serve to wait and see? Do you know what I’m saying, this reiteration of the 129?
William H. Spence: Let me ask Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities for Pennsylvania there to comment on that.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes. Paul, so at the end of last week the Public Utility Commission came out with their curriculum on how well to handle Act 129 beyond the year 2013. And there really weren’t any surprises. So it’s – we have an idea of the expected reductions that they are looking for and we will be putting into our plans in order to meet those objectives.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin McCann from S&P Capital IQ. Your line is now open.
Justin McCann – S&P Capital IQ: Good morning. Congratulations on a strong quarter. The UK has obviously made enormous contribution to your performance this year, and you’re expected to account for roughly 45% of consolidated earnings for the full year, up from the nearly 32% in 2011. I would like to know what is the expected effective tax rate for both the UK and the consolidated company for this year, and given the lower tax rates for the UK, if we assume a higher proportion of free tax earnings from the UK in 2013, do you believe it could account for more than 50% of net income in 2013?
Paul A. Farr: Okay, this is Paul. I will really try to bite those off in pieces. The effective rate on the UK segment earnings is roughly 22%, 23%. On a consolidated basis, blending in the higher domestic and federal and state rates, we get close to 30%. We’re very heavily hedged for 2013, both power as well as our fuel. We are very heavily hedged from an earnings translation perspective on UK earnings at this point as well. I would not see us crossing the 50% threshold at all for 2013. As we execute on the rate base growth plans, which are a little robust in the domestic utilities than they are in the UK business, these are further offset, and again as Bill mentioned earlier, we’re into rate cases with both domestic utilities perhaps to try to get those utilities back for utilities back towards more accessible levels of earned R&D. So there’s a lot to go out of dynamics that will also help call it a rate base as we go through plans.
Justin McCann – S&P Capital IQ: Okay. Thank you.
Paul A. Farr: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your lines is now open.
Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning. How are you?
William H. Spence: Good morning, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Trailing 12-year, your $2.68, can you kind of give a profile of what the back half of the year is going to look like?
William H. Spence: Sorry, say it again Paul?
Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: On a trailing 12-month basis, you’ve earned $2.68. Can you just kind of reconcile that against your guidance and your expectations for the second half of ‘12?
Paul A. Farr: Yeah, let me – maybe come at it – and I don’t really think of things usually from a 12-month trailing perspective. So it’s the dynamic that we’ve been talking about, the lower commodity interest from the hedge perspective because we are moving through size. The hedges that we have got in place are at lower levels than we have hedged the prior 12 months when they were – they were a little robust. The regulated utilities are under earning, but we are in for rate cases on both of those domestically. WPD is executing very strongly against the plan that we have when we acquired utilities. So that’s fairly steady as she goes.
William H. Spence: Then I would add share dilution is a factor.
Paul A. Farr: Share dilution is a factor, roughly at $0.13 for this year. So those are probably the biggest drivers year-on-year.
Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Haven’t we already know the share dilutions?
Paul A. Farr: Just a couple of cents, but just (inaudible) less, but yes.
Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: What’s the seasonality in the UK? Because I think you are looking for about $1 for the full year and you are already well above $0.60?
Paul A. Farr: Yeah. As we outlined in the release, it’s closer to $1.07. There is some seasonality to the earnings. There is some planned spend towards the back half of the year that’s a bit higher than the second half of the year and we do have in the forecast an expectation for a tax disclosure to hit the P&L that may or may not transpire. But that’s in that $1.07 that remains that we have guided in the press release.
Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then back to Paul Patterson’s question, your base load is down 3.4 million megawatt hours, but your peaking is up 1.7 million megawatt hours, how should we think about that from a – what the net-net of that is on earnings?
William H. Spence: Well, I think overall with the strong hedge position we have in 2013 even with those levels of hedge generation and the upward projections that we have obviously some of that means that we’re going to be buying generation from the market at a lower price than we can produce it for. So, that has a net positive effect. So overall, I don’t really see any material change to the overall earnings picture for 2013 compared to what it was previously.
Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
William H. Spence: We can Julian. Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Yes. Good morning. Excellent. With regards to Kentucky, just wanted to get an updated thought process after the decision on the peaker here. What about new rate base build and also how does that play into timing of any potential rate cases as we think about the outer years here and beginning them to service?
William H. Spence: Sure. I’ll ask Vic Staffieri to comment on that.
Victor A. Staffieri: Yes, we did turn down the deal for the peakers based upon the first quarter, which ranks consistent with how the Commission will – the Kentucky Commission wanted to operate the facility. So what we will be doing is we will probably be billing out an RFP later this year and we’ll combine it with looking at self-builds and some other plants and purchases going out to address what the peaker is going to cost us in 2017. It maybe that will be build another power plant, but it will be until the 2017 time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Okay. So in terms of rate case schedules as it stands right now, is it still kind of every couple of years? Is that a good status quo?
Victor A. Staffieri: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: All right great.
Victor A. Staffieri: Remember the bulk of our capital spend is coming in through the environmental costs recovery mechanism rather than to the general rate cases.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Right, absolutely. And then maybe a second question here on basis. Basis was perhaps a little weaker and then you guys had talked about previously in the second quarter. What is your latest expectation on a go forward basis? Is it still that $1 megawatt hour off of West hub?
William H. Spence: We have for the year-to-date, it’s been really relatively flat for us with the hedges that we had put in place. I believe we are just slightly positive on basis for the year-to-date. And as we look at the year end and what we expect for the year, we would expect again with the hedges we have in place to come out near neutral near zero, maybe slightly positive or negative, but not anything in either direction at this rate then. So I think its playing out as we expected it – as we articulated at the beginning of the year, expect them to basically be flat to slightly negative through West hub.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys.
William H. Spence: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  My question relates just to the Midlands and the UK in general, and how you are tracking versus the original guidance waterfall from Q4? You have $0.28, and it looks like you’ve got $0.34 under the bridge in the first half from Midlands, but then revenues you were $0.14 for the year, and they were up $0.04, and then the other was expected to be kind of $0.13 negative, and it was only negative $0.02. Can you just us a bit more of a sense of where you are ahead and behind plan in aggregate, and what exactly is driving the Midlands piece?
William H. Spence:  Sure. I’ll ask Rick to respond.
Rick L. Klingensmith:  Jonathan, thank you. On the $0.28 that we had forecasted at the beginning of the year, that was also on a different share count than the $0.34, and so we kind of take the $0.34 of actual performance on a year-to-date basis, kind of reset that, put it on a cost on shares, that’s $0.06 differences, really only about $0.03. So it’s happened over on the Midlands activities that the additional four months coming in at about that area we have projected, but then we see some out flowings of about $0.01 a share as a result of the actions and the efficiencies that we’ve been able to replace in the full six months of this year.
Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Leslie B. Rich – JPMorgan Asset Management, Inc.:  Thank you. I wondered if you could repeat your comments about equity issuance. Bill, I think you said something about, you were making some adjustments to the plan, therefore equity issuance may not be necessary in the magnitude that you had originally forecast. I wondered if you could just walk through that for 2012 through 2014, and understanding that, you have converts maturing obviously.
William H. Spence:  Yeah, a good point. Yeah, with the forward sale we have not only the converts, but the forward sale on the equity that we did this year or coming into play next year. But yeah, my comment was that, based on some preliminary planning that we’ve done, and knowing that this has been a concern to many investors on the equity raise, and the level and what it would be, we’re looking at every way we can to reduce that equity need down to basically just Europe, and the needs for management comp. So that would be our objective, I believe the group of management comp together, we’ve got $100 million. So we previously indicated, we’d up $350 million of equity of these, so Europe we got $250 million reduction net to what we previously expected.
Leslie B. Rich – JPMorgan Asset Management, Inc.:  And you’re doing that through CapEx cuts or O&M or how are you managing that?
William H. Spence: It would be a combination of, it’d be a number of a variety of things, but certainly our CapEx and O&M will be a component, yes.
Leslie B. Rich – JPMorgan Asset Management, Inc.:  Okay, thank you.
William H. Spence: You’re welcome.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Bischof from Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Andrew Bischof – Morningstar Research:  Hi, good morning. UK regulated segments are doing very well for you; I was hoping if you could breakup the Midlands’ additional month, and how that attributed to your quarter?
William H. Spence: Well, for the quarter as you saw in Paul’s remarks that we were a positive $0.10 a share for this quarter due to the Midlands. Of that $0.10, $0.08 was due to the extra month, and $0.02 was due to accruals.
Andrew Bischof – Morningstar Research:  Okay, thank you.
William H. Spence: You’re welcome.
Andrew Bischof – Morningstar Research: That’s all I had.
William H. Spence: Okay.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your Line is now open.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Just want to follow up from Leslie Rich’s question on cost reductions or cost management. Can you give us just some insight, when you look at your CapEx slide for the little component for supply, it’s like $600 million or $700 million a year, what do you view as just maintenance CapEx at the supply business for the existing facilities, and facilities that will be online by the end of this year?
William H. Spence: Well, it’s a very good question, and I think, certainly in our Supply business, we are looking very aggressively at cutting O&M and capital in light of the low power prices. What is being the maintenance CapEx, that kind of depends on really how you expect the units to perform, and so for example with the coal plants, if we’re expecting them to be just past a lot more – and less for level than previously, that means the maintenance CapEx that we’ve been submitting is going to go down. So I think that we’re still early in our planning process, so I can’t give you specific plant-by-plant or even group-by-group numbers at this point. What I can say is that, we’re vertically optimistic where we can make some meaningful measures and savings on CapEx as well as on the O&M side.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Got it. One other thing, when the Midlands acquisition occurred you outlined potential for synergy savings. Can you just give an update on where that’s tracking, meaning how you are versus the original plan when you made the UK transaction, and whether you see upside or downside to synergy savings there?
William H. Spence: As we look at the results of the UK regulated segment in both forecasts that we have established at the beginning of the year as well as $1.7 that you will see here, you’ll notice that, that’s tracking much at the high end of the synergy forecasts that we had provided back in the April of last year when we were making the acquisition. So we’ve been able to significantly outperform through cash savings, cost savings across the enterprise in outsource, reducing outsourcing contrasts, reducing labor costs, improved financing. So any area that we’ve been able to affect has been very positive, and $1.7 that we’re forecasting for the year is at the high end of that range.
Paul A. Farr: And Mike, I’d like to say that, remember that headcount reduction ended up being at very high end of the range of numbers that we provided, and we also indicated back in April that those numbers didn’t include bonus revenues which we’re kicking off around $30 million. This year, we’ve said that, that would at least double to $60 million next year. So the out performance is coming both on the cost side and the revenue side.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Meaning though, when do you get confirmation about the year-over-year increase, and the bonus revenues. I know, it’s like an April start each year, but when does that process kick in where you get certainty around that?
William H. Spence: Yeah. Our license modifications that provide certainty on our actual results for the year ending March would likely be in the October, November timeframe. So we are anticipating that on the third quarter of earnings release that we’d be able to provide an exact number that we are able to achieve. But as Paul mentioned, we were expecting to double this year’s results of [$20 million].
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Got it, okay. Thanks and congrats on a good quarter.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Michael.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo from Ladenburg, your line is now open.
Brian J. Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Securities:  Hi, good morning. 
William H. Spence: Good morning, Brian.
Brian J. Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Securities:  Could you maybe just discuss the strategy of keeping Montana with the Supply contracts that are rolling off in early to mid-2014?
William H. Spence: Sure. I’ll ask Dave DeCampli to comment on that.
David G. DeCampli:  Are you specifically referring to the Southern Montana contracts that recently were rejected in the bankruptcy quarter or it’s another specific contract you were referring to in 2014?
Brian J. Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Securities:  The 200 plus megawatts of both contracts roll off that you have with NorthWestern Energy?
David G. DeCampli:  On NorthWestern, okay. I think on that front, we continue to look for alternative markets for that close to that, I’m sure if NorthWestern will be one of those potential customers. But in addition there are many as you know, relative costs in that region and we just hope that to continue as well, the retail CapEx where some were finders and some of the other world class end users out in Montana.
Brian J. Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Securities:  Okay, and would the asset sales also be considered to support the strategy of less ongoing equity needs?
William H. Spence: In the past, we have not commented on specific asset sales, so I don’t really want to start that process at this point, and as I mentioned, I think earlier certainly O&M and capital savings will be a big piece of our ability to hopefully reduce that equity need.
Brian J. Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Securities:  Okay, understood. And then lastly, just can you add some color on the hedges, the foreign exchange currency hedges you have with the British pound in ‘12, and maybe ‘13?
William H. Spence: Sure. Yeah, we are basically north of 90% hedged, 90% to 95% hedged for 2012, and 80% to 85% hedged for 2013.
Brian J. Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Securities:  Okay, and at what price?
William H. Spence: At level slightly above the $1.57 that we had communicated over the last year or so, so slightly better than those numbers.
Brian J. Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Securities:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America:  A very warm good morning.
William H. Spence: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America:  Bill, just on your comments early on, actions that you might take at the Supply business, I think you mentioned that you’re going to be doing things to make sure you can, if prices fall from where they are, to cut costs, or other actions to make sure that the business stays positive. Is that the message?
William H. Spence: That’s exactly the message, Steve, and we don’t plans in place already and some other analysis that we’re actively working on to make sure we meet that objectives. As I also commented, while we don’t expect that to happen, we also obviously cannot predict where the power cuts are going to be in 2014 and ‘15, so we want to be well prepared in advance should our markets not recover, as we expect them to, but we want to be prepared.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America:  Just to clarify, as I was thinking about your comments in another way, based on the current forwards, the business is earnings positive in ‘14, ‘15?
William H. Spence: Yes.
Steve Fleishman – Bank of America:  Okay. Great, thank you.
William H. Spence: (Inaudible).
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Brian James Chin – Citigroup Global Markets:  Hi, Bill. Good morning.
William H. Spence: Good morning.
Brian James Chin – Citigroup Global Markets:  Just going back to the question on the equity issuance reduction, if we walked away from the call with an assumption of 50-50 O&M cuts versus CapEx cuts, did you say that that’s a reasonable assumption to make?
William H. Spence: I can’t really give you a precise breakdown of how much that would be at this point, as I indicated in my opening remarks. We are still in the preliminary stages of our planning though. We do believe it’s a realistic objective to cut $250 million out of the equity raise, and then just leaving that in the management comp. So I think – exactly where it’s going to come from, which business line, we are still in that process of determining that, but again, I think based on the preliminary numbers, we think that it’s very achievable.
Paul A. Farr:  And Brian – hi this is Paul. One other think I’d mention is, it’s on the soft side, but the strong performance in the UK could also cause us to be able to extract higher dividend levels from there, which should contribute to that in and of itself. And so it’s costs and that out, we’re looking to UK (inaudible).
Brian James Chin – Citigroup Global Markets:  Understood, understood. And then lastly on ‘14, just any sort of rough commentary on hedging levels for ‘14. I know you don’t put it in those performance slides, but any color there would be great.
William H. Spence: Sure, on the last call, we indicated that for 2014, we’re at 10% to 20% hedged. We’re now in the 20% to 30% hedged range, would be more towards in the 30% and the 20%, and we’ve obviously taken the opportunity with some of the strength that we’ve seen here at rates that we’re hedging to more of these efforts. So we’ve made some progress during the quarter, and obviously we’d be reporting out on this again in the next earnings call.
Brian James Chin – Citigroup Global Markets:  Great. Much appreciated. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from ISI Group. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc.: Thanks. Sorry to beat the dead horse here guys, but when we think about where the capital reductions are going to come from, obviously they can come from four places, they come from the Supply business, they can come from UK, they can come from two regional utilities here in the U.S. So are we looking at the potential for reduced capital spending here in the U.S. at the regional utilities as part of this CapEx reduction or is it mainly coming from Supply or is it mainly coming from the UK or is it a mix of all of them?
William H. Spence: It’s certainly a mix, and I would said on the domestic front certainly both utilities would be included in that potential, and I think as we look at it while it has the potential to reduce the rate base growth in utilities by cutting back saving on CapEx in the domestic utilities. On the flipside of it, we think it’s going to be earnings accretive, and certainly the short-term view of that even though if they cut back the rate base a bit, they’re obviously going to have benefit in the west region. So we think that, that is going to be positive, and it would, as we mentioned a variety of assets to go off over those declines and it’s combination of UK as come in all of increased dividends, our factories do that…
Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc.: Great, thank you.
William H. Spence: You’re welcome.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Raymond M. Leung – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Hey guys, in terms of your cash flow you are showing a pretty large negative number this year, and that’s before dividends. Can you just refresh our memory on financing plans for the year, and I’ll start with that first? Thank you.
William H. Spence: Okay. In terms of the – on the equity front again we did the proper transaction that will settle early next year at the back end of Q1. That really allows us to drift into the management comp next year the equity side of things. But balance of the funding we’ve done and issuance earlier this year in the UK we got an issuance that we completed mostly recently domestically at around $400 million. Other than a few hundred million that we’ve got (inaudible) probably that’s around about the financing for the year. Don’t stick with the plan.
Raymond M. Leung – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Okay, and if you think about ‘13 the equity units are supposed to bring in about $1.1 billion, but does that sort of cover you in terms of external financing needs for ‘13?
William H. Spence: It does, relatively significantly. We’ve got around $700 million coming due at Supply which will effectively deplete or pay that off $1.150 billion of proceeds. There is financing expected in the UK next year, there is financing expected of around 30 million pound, there is financing in Kentucky as it grows its balance sheet and really starts to execute on the construction program for ETR spending, and it’s relatively modest at electric utilities. I think we are in a good shape for a year and a half there.
Raymond M. Leung – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Okay. And can you just help us out on what the – you said you are under-earning at the utilities. What the returns on equities are at the Kentucky utilities in Pennsylvania?
William H. Spence: Sure. Rick, do you want to start on the Kentucky side?
Rick L. Klingensmith:  Yeah, I would for 2012, it will amount to 8% or so, that’s why we are in the rate case.
William H. Spence: And Greg?
Gregory N. Dudkin:  In Pennsylvania, we filed our – in my testimony, we identified we expect we will have mid-6% at the end of the year.
Raymond M. Leung – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Wonderful. Great, thanks a lot.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Anthony C. Crowdell – Jefferies & Co., Inc.:  Hey, good morning. I was trying to make sure I understand it correctly where the equity used to be, because I must have a horrible phone connection, it’s just tough to hear. The converts still occur but you think your equity needs to lighten up by, I think roughly maybe $200 million, what type of share count should we be modeling for say 2014? I think you’ve given it before or if you’re able to, 2015 when take in your lesser equity needs?
William H. Spence: In 2014, we are around 675 billion shares. So if you take 200 million off that at some (inaudible) share price and that will get you at a levels versus where that assumption really lies.
Anthony C. Crowdell – Jefferies & Co., Inc.:  Okay, I just want to clarify I think the comments to Greg’s question that although you cut back on CapEx, the mix of the utilities in domestic, but you’re still confident that it’s accretive although you’re going to have the less rate base earn on it, is that accurate?
William H. Spence: Yes. It is. I wouldn’t say the levels that we would be talking about for the domestic utilities are huge in size. Obviously, Rick talked about earlier the fact that the Bluegrass plant and associated transmission and some other spend on consultancy (inaudible) that doesn’t really come back in and plan until 2017, when at that point in time the ETR sales is done, ECGT is constructed and those utilities are generating significant cash flow instead of absorbing cash internally. So yeah, there is some modest decreases that we’ll be looking at for select facilities so they wouldn’t be outside and causing dramatic reductions in the regulated growth profile.
Anthony C. Crowdell – Jefferies & Co., Inc.:  Great. Thanks for the clarification.
William H. Spence: Sure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan from Visium. Your line is now open.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management LP:  Congratulations, just wanted to get a sense, as you look out the next two or three years, and I guess you’re trying to plan through the process, which year in your mind is the trough year in the landscape, can I ask?
Paul A. Farr:  We don’t Ashar have guidance, and I think the way that people are modeling things as we look at sell side research and people look at mostly in ‘15, you can see where the softness is relative to larger units in the (inaudible) the fuel prices and like we prefer not to give numbers or even the pattern if you will. On average I don’t think people are par.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management LP:  Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  My questions have been answered. Thank you.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Paul.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Alli from Decade Capital. Your line is now open.
Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital Management LLC:  Thank you. It’s actually Reza. Could you remind us going forward how much cash you expect to bring from the UK annually?
William H. Spence: We were – based on the model that we had share around April of last year in the $150 million to $200 million range. It seemed less up front because we were using some of the cash flow to fund some of the synergy cost side of things. So it could be in that $150 million to $200 million range.
Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital Management LLC:  And then, I know the UK earnings have a lot of puts and takes, and you’re having a good year thus far, but looking out to 2013, there should be further growth in UK in ‘13 versus ‘12. Is that correct?
William H. Spence: Yeah, that is correct. If you look at also how Ofgem has phased our revenues over time, we’re actually seeing a 5.5% real increase year-on-year, so that will also come into play in 2013. And as we had already discussed in previous answers, we also expect some additional revenue from incentives for performance starting April 1, of next year as well.
Paul A. Farr:  So, that’s 5.5% or less whatever your assumption is on inflation, this is a nominal increase in revenues plus bonus revenues offset by some level of cost escalation.
Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital Management LLC:  Right, and so net-net it should be incremental to the $1.07 this year?
Paul A. Farr:  That’s correct.
Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital Management LLC:  Thank you very much.
Paul A. Farr:  I mean, again that’s adjusting for share count on the convert next year, so net of that, you got to factor that in as well.
Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital Management LLC:  Okay. So net income should be higher and then I should adjust for the share count, and then I guess to see where that lands.
Paul A. Farr:  That’s correct.
Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital Management LLC:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from line of [Andrew Levy] from Avon Capital. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi, good morning.
William H. Spence: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just back on the Montana generation assets versus kind of just – kind of a bigger picture question, but obviously NorthWestern has articulated interest in assets, and in the past things have improved, but let’s just say Montana hasn’t been the friendlier state of all the states that you do business with to you guys. Why not bring in a local partner to kind of help man-in end of the part of the game and have you thought about that?
William H. Spence: Well, I think, we think about all the options available to us while as we go through our strategic planning process and as I indicated earlier, we’ve really not commented on specific asset sales or strategic options. And as I indicated on the last call, we’re very happy with the business mix we have today, and our focus is really on executing the plan that we’ve gotten in front of us, and in my view, we’ve done an excellent job on all fronts in supply, and all the utilities are executing the plan and I think our results reflect that. We’re very optimistic about the future with the offset of that with some business mix we have.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Hey guys, two quick follow-ups. One Pennsylvania, I know you’re in a rate case now, so it may be a little early to think about it, but thoughts about whether you will file for the distribution rider next year or whether you would wait and maybe to file a true forward rate case a year or so later?
William H. Spence: Sure, I’ll ask Greg to comment.
Gregory N. Dudkin:  Yeah, our intent is to file for the debt as early as fall 2013, so we just got our implementation order rate late last week from the PUC and that’s (inaudible) have us file a long-term improvement plan in the third quarter, and file for this again as early as possible as we can in 2013.
William H. Spence: And then, I think we would be looking to file likely a fully (inaudible) for the next general rate case proceeding in Pennsylvania.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  And you would file for a forward test year in ‘14 for ‘15 timeframe, something like that?
William H. Spence: That sounds it will be in that timeframe, so they’re not – obviously the disc – they’re not too exclusive. So, we’d be doing a combination of the two.
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Got it. And is there any lag associated with the disc or does the disc basically remove lag on distribution CapEx?
William H. Spence: It’s basically just a few months lag. So we put plan into service, and then we start recovering within I believe its’ four months.
Paul A. Farr:  On a portion of the distribution CapEx, it doesn’t cover all CapEx’s reliability basis then. So…
Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Got it, guys. Thank you. Much appreciated.
Paul A. Farr: Thanks.
William H. Spence: Okay, we really appreciate the questions today and with that I thank you for the call. I think it was a great quarter, and appreciate all the questions, and we’ll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein -  William H. Spence - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul A. Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gregory N. Dudkin - President of The Pennsylvania Delivery Operation David G. DeCampli - President and President of PPL Energy Supply LLC Rick L. Klingensmith - President and Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ashar Khan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Matthew and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Joe Bergstein, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joe Bergstein: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation, about future operating results or other future events, are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Joe and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued interest in PPL, and as always, we look forward to answering your questions. To facilitate more interaction on these calls, we're going to be condensing our prepared remarks today and we also have all 4 business unit presidents with us for the Q&A. Joining us today are Vic Staffieri, President and Chief Executive Officer of LG&E and KU, which is our Kentucky Regulated segment; Rick Klingensmith, President of PPL Global, who has responsibility for our United Kingdom Regulated segment and our Energy Services business; Greg Dudkin, President of PPL Electric Utilities, our Pennsylvania Regulated segment; and Dave DeCampli, President of our Competitive Market Supply segment; and of course, Paul Farr is joining us, our CFO.  First I'll kick off the call with an overview of our first quarter results and operational highlights for the first 3 months of the year, then Paul will provide more details on our segment performance for the quarter. Following his remarks, we'll turn to your questions. With that, let's go ahead and get started. Today we announced reported first quarter earnings of $0.93 per share, up from $0.82 in the first quarter of 2011. Earnings from ongoing operations for the quarter were $0.70 per share compared with $0.84 a share in the same period last year. Our first quarter earnings from ongoing operations reflect $0.14 per share of dilution from our April 2011 common stock issuance to finance our acquisition of the Midlands utilities in the U.K. As you can see in our segment results for the quarter, we had very strong performance in the U.K., including the successful integration of the Midlands operations. These quarterly results demonstrate the value of our expansion and into diversified regulatory jurisdictions and the attainment of a more predictable earnings profile. While our Competitive Supply segment has become a relatively smaller piece of the pie, our Supply team continues to successfully navigate through these very challenging commodity markets. Paul will go into additional details on a segment-by-segment basis but the weather-driven weakness in our Domestic Regulated businesses were offset by the strength of our U.K. operations and very good Supply segment performance. So despite the impact of the mild winter, our first quarter results keep us solidly on track to achieve our 2012 earnings forecast. Today we are reaffirming our forecast of $2.11 -- or rather, $2.15 to $2.45 per share in earnings from ongoing operations. Now let's turn to a brief operational overview for the quarter. Starting in the U.K., Western Power Distribution has fully integrated the Midlands operations on schedule and within budget. As you can see from the slides in the appendix to today's presentation, WPD employees have already made dramatic improvements in performance, resulting in material benefits not only for our customers but our shareholders as well. Our current assessment in the case that annual cash cost savings, for the Midlands operations, will be higher than what we projected during the acquisition announcement and equity financing last spring. These cost reductions are not coming at the expense of customer service, rather just the opposite. In just 12 months Midland customers have seen a 40% reduction in customer minutes lost, an important measure of performance in the U.K. We've also accomplished a 96% reduction in customers out of service for more than 18 hours, a 26% improvement in the number of customers restored in just 1 hour, and a 22% improvement in the number of interruptions per 100 customers. These customer service performance improvements will result in additional incentive revenues in the future for WPD. We also believe that these improvements will further cement WPD's reputation as the gold standard for network operations in the U.K. We recently received some very good news on the Susquehanna-Roseland Transmission Line project. The National Park Service confirmed our preferred route through the Delaware Water Gap as the most desirable alternative. We expect a final record of decision from the National Park Service in October. This timing will allow us to have the line is service to meet the 2015 PJM peak demand. In our Competitive Supply business, we completed the acquisition of a 700 megawatt gas-fired power plant in central Pennsylvania. The purchase of the AES Ironwood plant represented an excellent opportunity for us to expand our gas fleet at an attractive valuation, and in our own backyard. All of our competitive power plants had high availability during the quarter and our gas-fired units saw increased run times as a result of low natural gas prices and a displacement of higher cost coal units. Our combined cycle gas units are already seeing close to maximum run times. For example, our Lower Mount Bethel was operating at a 92% capacity factor in the first quarter. Ironwood had very strong numbers as well but that unit underwent a plant outage during a portion of the quarter. Our energy market and trading operation is driving value from these assets through our expert knowledge of market dynamics. Our team has done an excellent job in capturing value and executing hedges at the right time, and as you can see on our hedge disclosure slide in the appendix, we've updated it to reflect actual results through the first quarter and the termination of the Southern Montana contract. The modest change in coal prices reflects the lower coal burns this year, shifting some of the deliveries to next year. Our hedge levels for power in 2014 are not materially different from the 10% to 20% we discussed on our year end call in early February. We have chosen to keep our hedging at this level because we don't see value locking in prices that we think are, currently, artificially low. We continue to believe that current forward power prices do not appropriately reflect the cost to comply with MATS and CSAPR rules or all anticipated coal plant closures. We also believe we can see even further heat rate expansion as gas and power prices continue to decouple in the forward years. Finally we see current forwards being disproportionately affected by the short term weather, economic and gas market dynamics. These factors and the competitiveness of our mid-Atlantic fleet lead us to believe that there is more upside opportunity for 2014, than downside risk, at this point. On the nuclear front Susquehanna Unit 1 is in the midst of its refueling outage. You may have seen our recent press release indicating we've identified several cracks on low pressure turbine blades on Unit 1 and will be scheduling an inspection of unit 2 turbine blades as well. As we said in our release, the financial impact of these replacements is not expected to be material. Moving now to the Pennsylvania Regulated segment. I'll provide you with a summary of the distribution rate case increase request that PPL Electric Utilities filed with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission just at the end of March. We expect that any approved increase would go into effect January 1, 2013. Slide 7 provides some details of the request. We expect the PUC, following its normal procedure, to announce its plans to conduct a formal proceeding on the request. These proceedings will include technical and public input hearings during the summer, an administrative law judge-recommended decision in the fall and a final PUC vote, which is expected in December. As indicated on the slide, a 1% change in the allowed ROE amounts to about $23 million in revenue. This case does not include any request for alternative rate treatment or a DSIC mechanism under the new Pennsylvania Act 11 law. That law does not permit filing of DSICs before January 1, 2013. As always we'll keep you posted on the rate case developments and we provided a docket number here so you can follow the proceeding. As I mentioned earlier, our first quarter results provide us with additional validation of the robustness of PPL's current portfolio. Because of the geographic and regulatory diversity of our business, we remain on track to achieve our earnings forecast, despite some of the mildest winter weather that our domestic utilities have ever seen. Over the past several months I've been asked numerous times about potential changes in the company strategy under my leadership of PPL. I've obviously been very involved in our strategic direction for some time and I believe time has proven the value of the steps we've taken over the past several years. Going forward, our focus is going to be on delivering high-quality service to our customers and remaining flexible in our Competitive Supply business to respond to dynamic market conditions. I believe our current business mix is one of the most attractive in the sector as we have significant growth opportunities in each of our Regulated business segments and a very competitive generation fleet. With 70% of our 2012 ongoing earnings coming from growing rate-regulated businesses, we have a very solid platform for continued growth. We're forecasting compound annual rate base growth of about 8% over the next 5 years in our utility operations in the U.S. and the U.K. The resulting $8 billion of net rate based growth will come from infrastructure investments, much of which have already been approved by regulatory agencies or recovered in formula rates. This includes the improved environmental cost recovery spending in Kentucky, our approved capital spending in the U.K. through early 2015 and transmission projects in the U.S. We also received regulatory approval, yesterday from the Kentucky Public Service Commission, to both acquire and build gas-fired generation in Kentucky. Our regulated utilities are recognized for high-quality customer service, excellent reliability and positive storm response which, as you know, are keys to successful long-term regulatory relationships and customer satisfaction. PPL will continue to be sharply focused on these important areas. While many of us await improved fundamentals in the electric commodity sector, PPL's favorable mix of nuclear, coal, gas and hydro facilities gives us flexibility in the current market, and will provide significant upside potential when markets ultimately recover. In summary, I continue to believe that PPL's current strategic position is a compelling one and our focus will be on the execution and delivery of the commitments that we've made to customers and our share owners. I look forward to your questions following Paul's comments. Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Before I provide details of the earnings drivers for the first quarter, I first want to discuss the equity financing that we completed in early April through a forward transaction. This offering, combined with our existing DRIP and management comp programs, fulfills the $350 million of equity need for the year that we have consistently communicated. We decided to issue the stock through the use of a forward contract in order to de-risk the equity exposure we had and accomplish that without affecting the expectations we set regarding share count and EPS for the year. In fact, the EPS impact is actually pushed out slightly beyond the late 2012 timeframe that we recently communicated to you. As part of our internal comprehensive risk management program and for the same reasons we had generation, output, fuel, interest rates, our currency for known exposures, we used this forward transaction to mitigate risk around our equity need. Beyond the de-risking benefit we also wanted to alleviate a potential overhang on the stock which several of you have recently voiced as a concern. Given the current state of commodity markets there has been concern that we may need additional equity beyond the $350 million previously communicated. We do not. The regulated acquisitions we completed, combined with modest amounts of equity to fund rate base growth, provide credit stability that will help us endure prolonged weak commodity markets. With that, let's move to Slide 8 to review our first quarter financial results. PPL's first quarter earnings from ongoing operations are down from a year ago, driven by $0.14 per share of dilution associated with the April issuance, last year, of common stock to finance the Midlands acquisition; lower energy margins at the Supply segment; and lower electricity sales due to the extremely mild weather experienced in our U.S. service territories. These negative drivers were significantly offset by strong operating results in the U.K., including the Midlands operations that we acquired April 1 of last year. Let's turn to the Kentucky Regulated segment earnings drivers on Slide 9. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.06 per share in the first quarter, a $0.09 decrease compared to last year. This decrease was primarily driven by lower margins due to lower retail electric volumes from mild weather, which impacted margins by $0.03, as well as lower op system sales. We had higher O&M primarily due to the increased scope of scheduled generation outages in 2012, higher depreciation due to higher plant and service and dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving to Slide 10. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.31 per share in the first quarter, a 15% increase over last year. The increase was due to the operating results of the Midlands utilities, net of interest expense associated with the 2011 equity units and higher delivery margins in our legacy WPD operation, primarily driven by the net impact of higher prices and lower volumes. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher O&M, including higher pension expense; higher U.S. income taxes; and dilution of $0.06 per share. Turning now to our Pennsylvania Regulated segment on Slide 11. This segment earned $0.06 per share in the first quarter, a $0.05 decrease compared to a year ago. This decrease was the net result of lower delivery margins of $0.02, primarily due to unseasonably mild weather; modestly higher O&M; higher depreciation, again due to higher plant and service and dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving now to Slide 12. Our Supply segment earned $0.27 per share in the first quarter, a decrease of $0.15 compared to last year. This decrease was primarily the net result of lower Eastern energy margins, driven by both lower energy and capacity prices, and partially offset by higher nuclear generation; higher O&M; lower income taxes, primarily due to a lower state effective tax rate; and finally, dilution of $0.06 per share.  And with that, by way of review, I'd like to turn the call back to Bill for the Q&A period.
William H. Spence: Okay, operator, I believe we're ready to start the call -- or the questions rather.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: You're certainly messaging a pretty constructive or more constructive than market view on 2014 power markets. How long do you guys feel comfortable not getting more active in the hedging program as you look out that far? I guess, is question number one.
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are thinking that, at least at this point, the MATS and CSAPR impacts are not appropriately reflected. I think we'll probably learn a lot, Dan, potentially, from the capacity auction when the results come out and see what units are actually going to be retired. But beyond that, there is a point at which we're going to begin to hedge in. We won't leave it completely open until we get to 2014. So I think, as we've done in the past, we have a fairly disciplined hedging program. We have plenty of time, at the moment, to make those decisions and pick our spots when we hedge in. And I think, in the past, we've done a really great job of picking those times to hedge in. So I think we're going to have an opportunity, and if it gets too late in the process, we'll begin to selectively hedge in.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, in Pennsylvania with the rate case, can you just remind on thought process? Not necessarily for this case, but for next cases as far as when you're going to file again since you're not going to get the mechanism this time through. Does it mean that there's going to be another case shortly thereafter so you can get the DSIC in place after this case gets done?
William H. Spence: Yes, Dan, we would expect that once this case is completed we would file for the DSIC and then, probably in future rate cases, we would use a future test period.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And you're going to file that in '13, at some point in time then?
William H. Spence: For the DSIC, yes. I think for the rate case itself, that's yet to be determined.
Dan Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I got it. Just, comprehensively, on weather for the quarter. How much was the overall drag, Paul, if you were to add up all the pieces between supply and U.S. utilities?
Paul A. Farr: If I took the $0.03 in Kentucky plus the extra $0.01 of all systems sales, which also -- there was just outright demand destruction across many systems, it was about $0.04 in Kentucky and then $0.02 in EU, so a total of $0.06.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with Konolige Research.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: So on the question of equity, Paul, you were pretty clear that you're not going to need additional equity related to I'd say a cash shortfall that might be arising from low commodity prices. What's the outlook over the next several years? You have a significant structural free cash flow deficit. What's the schedule for funding that with equity and how should we view it overall on how equity fits into your cash needs over the next few years?
Paul A. Farr: Okay. I'd really break it into 2 component pieces, Kit. We will be getting incremental cash of roughly $2 billion over the next 2 years from the conversion of the converts. So that equity will provide a meaningful de-levering of supply and results in incremental cash to the company. On top of that, we think we'll still need the roughly $350 million per year, for the next several years, as we make our way, especially through the large rate-based build in Kentucky. And after that program is complete, the cash flows are relatively robust there. The CapEx programs, I would look at, kind of projecting forward, the levels of spend that we got in both EU and in WPD. There are strong opportunities and needs to put capital to work there, but the big build in Kentucky does have some finite into it. So I think we've got plenty of equity opportunity just given how we finance the 2 acquisitions, and then later in that $350 million per year that we've talked about, at least for the next several years.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: So we should think, in terms of some time in '13, you would logically be raising equity again in an offering similar to this one?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, that's correct and I would be looking late in the year like we were this year.
Kit Konolige - Konolige Research, LLC: Very good. Okay, one other question on the Pennsylvania segment. What's the kind of run rate of your actual return on equity at this point?
William H. Spence: Yes, Kit. I'll ask Greg Dudkin, the President of our electric utilities to answer that.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Kit, we're running about mid-single-digits on our ROE for our distribution at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin McCann with S&P Capital IQ.
Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research: I have 2 questions, one for Paul and one for Bill. Paul, just a follow-up from Kit's question. What do you expect the average diluted shares to be for '12, '13 and '14?
Paul A. Farr: Just one second, I'll pull those numbers for you. So for '12 it's right around 585 million shares. For '13, around 615 million and for 2014, 670 million, roughly.
Justin C. McCann - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And, Bill, at the reception in New York last month, and basically this [indiscernible], you mentioned the [indiscernible] of the gas prices for power prices. If you could elaborate on that.
William H. Spence: Sure. I think what I'm really referring there to is the correlation between gas and power which had been historically in the last decade or so, very strong, is already beginning to break down. So you're seeing improved heat rates, particularly on gas units, of course. And what we're seeing there is the fundamentals of the power side beginning to take over just the strict correlation of the marginal fuel in PJM. So as more units are being retired and supply and demand come in to closer balance, we're really seeing the fundamentals of the power market driving power prices not just fuel input such as natural gas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I wanted to touch base with you on the tax rate. It looked like it was a little bit lower and I guess that was coming from supply. I'm not completely clear. Could you tell us what happened there?
William H. Spence: Yes, we come from a combination of supply, which I referenced. And that was just a couple of cents of share from the lower effective state tax rate. The bigger driver, year-on-year, is going to come from the change in the business mix of the company. The U.K. effective tax rate for that segment is only 25% versus the other segment that run closer to 35% to 37%. So just the change in the business mix is going to drive a lower effective tax rate.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then secondly, the coal burn. You mentioned that some it is going to be pushed into next year. How should we be thin about that from an earnings perspective? I mean in other words, are you deferring higher cost coal into next year's burn, so to speak?
William H. Spence: I would say, Paul, it's probably not meaningful or material from a coal burn and coal cost input side. There is delaying or pushing out of coal into next year because we're not burning it this year. I'll ask Dave DeCampli to provide anymore color on that. If you would Dave?
David G. DeCampli: Yes, Paul. We're working very hard with our suppliers on a number of fronts, deferrals, altering the mix and consumption schedule for the balance of 2012 and making some adjustments. So we're calling it not material at this point because we're relatively in good shape for 2012's inventories.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then just finally, the mark-to-market gain that you guys are going to be realizing into 2012. That's going to be going into operating earnings, is that correct? It's being excluded from operating earnings. I guess it would've been a positive. And how is it going to impact 2012 and does it go just in 2012? Does it go beyond that?
Paul A. Farr: No, it'll go beyond that, Paul. Primarily, rates relates to some correlation breakdown in our Eastern hedges. From a FAS 133 perspective, there's still very good hedges from an economic and risk perspective and so we'll match those periods as those contracts deliver, and it's 2012 and 2013 primarily.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Kordell with Jefferies.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I want to focus on Susquehanna nuclear plant and how you think -- you have Unit 2 down for inspection and if you guys -- if you do see the cracks, will you guys put blades in or will it be a de-rate of the unit?
William H. Spence: First, we would absolutely replace the blades. We would probably not do a de-rate but I'll ask Dave DeCampli to talk about the timing of the Unit 2 outage.
David G. DeCampli: Yes, Anthony. The Unit 2 outage is scheduled later this month and we expect it to be somewhere around 20 days and that will be dependent upon what we find in the turbine. We do have the blades available on standby to replace. We've gotten rather efficient at the inspection process at this point. So we're thinking it will be somewhere about 20 days, depending on what we find once we get in the turbine.
Anthony C. Crowdell - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Does the 20-day outage include if you had to replace the blades or 20 days of inspection and blade replacement will be incremental?
David G. DeCampli: Call the inspection process the first 10 days, once the unit cools down and we gain access to it. And then the replacement will be very dependent upon whether we have to pull the turbine out of its saddle or not. And we'll have to do with the number of blades that we find cracked. So on the short end, it would be 20 days.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first question, just kind of bouncing off what Public Service said the other day, are you guys anticipating higher Rose than the Susquehanna CapEx here, just given what's happened of late, first? I didn't really see any kind of material change too much.
William H. Spence: No, I'm sorry. No, we don't expect too much material change in the Susquehanna Roseland CapEx.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then secondly, with regards to coal prices this year. It seems as if it just went up a slight hair there, $1 a ton. Is that basically, call it, payments for taking delivery at a later point in time?
William H. Spence: It is. It's primarily a timing issue, yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Excellent. And broadly speaking, what are you seeing on the coal side, in terms of the capacity factors for the balance of the year? You would think, intuitively, call it the gas switching would somewhat alleviate in the summer months. Just kind of what kind of capacity factors are you seeing on your baseload units?
William H. Spence: Yes, correct. I think for the summer months we're going to see the coal units return to their traditional baseload operation. I think, in the fall, of course it's all going to be dependent upon natural gas prices, as well as coal prices. But I would expect that we would see -- hopefully, if you see normal weather, you'd see more run time than we signed the first quarter. But with the current natural gas price to coal price relationship, I would expect that the capacity factors in the fall are going to be less than what we've historically seen. But probably not as bad as the first quarter.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Interesting. And you guys have commented a little bit about O&M hit this year. Just curious, to the extent to which you run your coal plants less. How much of an O&M benefit could we potentially see there? We heard some other companies discuss that.
William H. Spence: Yes, there is an O&M benefit when you're off-line and there's also a margin benefit when we are highly hedged, as we are. We're essentially able to buy power cheaper than we can produce it at those coal facilities. So there's a dual effect there, if you will, that did help us in the first quarter and could help us in the fall as well if we see similar conditions. As far as an exact number on the O&M. I don't know that it would be that material, that I could say that -- that would be measured in pennies, probably not nickels and dimes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. And then just the last question, sort of a small detail. The Montana contract rejection. What kind of an impact are you guys seeing there just annually?
William H. Spence: Well, of course, it's all dependent on where we can place the power that otherwise was contracted for by southern Montana. But having said that, I would say, it's again, it's one of those things that's not extremely material. And as we mentioned we're maintaining, and are comfortable, with the midpoint of our earnings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Bischof with MorningStar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick questions for you this morning. On the Midlands integration, you mentioned you were trading above your initial synergy savings. Are you willing to provide a new range or any clarity on that?
William H. Spence: I'll let Rick Klingensmith, the President of our global operation, answer that.
Rick L. Klingensmith: As you saw on the earnings release, the news release that came out, we have increased our forecast for this year up to $1.07 a share. And that incorporates the additional benefits we're seeing from the integration of the Midlands operation. And that's pretty much where we're heading out, thus far, for this year in our forecast.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And I have a question to the capacity factors. Your net gas plants, you mentioned about 90% factor at that one plant. Is this a dramatic case or is it safe to assume that these are kind of factors across all your plants?
William H. Spence: Well, on the natural gas plant side?
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes.
William H. Spence: I would say -- I mentioned, also, that Ironwood was out on an outage for some period of time. That still saw about a 76% capacity factor during the quarter. So I would expect, with similar conditions, that we would be at a 90% type capacity factor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Paul, when you gave those forward-looking share counts, did that contemplate new equity or is that kind of as we sit today?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, contemplated new equity. So it would be impacted by the converts converting as well as some amount of the incremental equity, for that, on an annual basis, as I mentioned.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And your CapEx forecast, does that include generation in Kentucky gas-fired generation?
Paul A. Farr: Yes, it does. For both the combined cycle, gas unit that can't run, as well as the ELS power acquisition.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I guess, a follow-up on Susquehanna. You said minimal impact, but is that as we sit today and if it does require a teardown and take the turbines out, could it be more than immaterial?
Paul A. Farr: At this point, I don't anticipate that, no. Could it be? Yes, of course I can't say it couldn't be. But based on what we found on Unit 1 and the fact that the Unit 2 blades are relatively new, having been replaced last summer, I wouldn't anticipate that we're going to get into a situation that's significantly different from Unit 1, where we essentially replaced one row of blades. So that would be, in my view kind of the expectation would be if we get in there and find some damage. We'd be looking at replacing one row of blades.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Is this warranty work?
Paul A. Farr: The blades are under warranty and until we determine the final root cause, we'll continue to work with the vendor and work those details out.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Are there any LDs on lost opportunity?
Paul A. Farr: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just might be, first a couple of follow-ups. The hedge and effectiveness gain that you pulled out as a one-timer. When it does effectively come back, isn't it effectively kind of a loss then?
Paul A. Farr: No. Until the correlations would come back in, they couldn't be redesignated but the mark-to-market would start from the beginning of the period where the effectiveness reoccurred if we elected to put them under 133. Again, which we're not necessarily going to do. So in similar ways, to where we've had smaller amounts of ineffectiveness in the past, we've seen special items debits and credits up and down, this was larger than maybe some of those historical movements have been and that's why we called it out for you so you understood what was happening. It would match...
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, just my thought is that if you have a favorable hedge like this and you ended up, for accounting, having to book the benefit upfront when we see the hedge flow-through in '12 and '13, is the hedge effectively kind of gone? Could you book that benefit upfront?
Paul A. Farr: Well, I mean ultimately all these contracts will go to delivery. We fully expect them to and we'll settle at the contracted prices, so the intervening mark-to-market up and down, which would normally be in the balance sheet, only that hits the P&L, we've carved it out. So you won't see the loss in the future either, if you will, in the same way that the benefit has been carved out, so would the movement back to contracted price.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, okay. So that might also get booked as one-time in these next 2 years? Or...
Paul A. Farr: I would expect the mark-to-market on these to continue through contract delivery on these contracts. Correct.
William H. Spence: It's a good question, and just to be clear, we don't expected it to, from an ongoing earnings perspective, have any impact on our business plan.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Secondly, what are you seeing in your region regarding basis, both in the quarter but also kind of forward? Are you still kind of at flat basis to peak in West or any update there?
William H. Spence: Steve, we saw in the first quarter about a negative $2 basis. Obviously, there's the weather and natural gas prices and West Hub prices had a significant impact on that number. I guess, the drivers that I have mentioned on previous calls, that move the basis around, natural gas prices, transmission outages, new lines coming in, et cetera, all are still in play. And there is an awful lot of transmission work being done in the region, throughout the region. So I think our expectation is to still see some pressure on basis in the upcoming months and through the rest of this year. We'll have to reassess after the summer where we think basis is going to travel, but for now, we think that negative $2 is what delivered in the first quarter and it's going to continue to have some pressure. Now the good news, Steve, is that we've had some very effective hedges in place that have helped offset that for us. So from a impact to PPL, it was really neutral during the quarter even though -- had we been unhedged it would have been a negative $2.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and then just finally a follow-up on coal. Just how do your -- maybe a little more color on where your coal inventories stand in the various regions.
William H. Spence: Sure. I mean, like a lot of folks, we have built up quite a bit of inventory but we still have room to go at our stations so it's not a pressing issue for us at this moment and many of our units are back online as we speak. So we're going to be bringing the coal power, probably down again, a little bit. But we've been pretty effective at, I think, deferring some deliveries. We worked very closely with our coal suppliers to really manage the inventories during this time. And then I think, in the West coal strip, it's a mine mouth plant so we don't have the same issues out there, in terms of inventory, as we do in the East.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung with Goldman Sachs.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I think Paul mentioned that proceeds from the converts, that $2 billion, and you also mentioned about de-leveraging supply. Can you sort of give us some context of what you think is a right leverage metrics for supply? And then also staying on supply. As you sort of look at your business, obviously, you transformed into more regulated. How should we think about longer-term degeneration business as part of the overall family?
Paul A. Farr: Okay, let me tackle the credit one and Bill can comment on the more strategic perspective of generation. From a credit perspective, as I indicated, we've got $1.15 billion that's converting in mid-'13 we've got $950 million converting in April of '14 related to the equity converts that we did as part of both deals. Effectively, what will happen is that equity happens at core, if you will, and will get injected into supply allowing supply to de-lever. The 2 rating agencies -- well I'll talk about the 3, but S&P -- I'll talk about 2 in the 3. S&P looks at PPL on a consolidated credit basis and so they look at consolidated FFO and consolidated debt. That movement down to supply would be, effectively, inconsequential to them, which is effectively taking debt that's at Supply and moving it up the core. And in all this, we're trying to maintain investment grade credit ratings, obviously for Supply, which enables us to get the liquidity at reasonable prices to do the hedging. For Moody's, they [indiscernible] for us on an entity by entity basis and I think -- I won't speak for them, but if we can maintain 20%-ish FFO at the debt metrics, I think we can maintain investment grade. We'd like to be more robust and I think, by the time we get out a couple of years, we'll see some of the fundamental benefits that Bill talked about in terms of power prices, in terms of tighter capacity margins and that will clearly provide opportunity for the fleet. So on a year by year basis, you could can look at things and they may look a little tight, but I think you can put it in a reasonable enough time horizon, and with the amount of incremental small equity needs that I talked about, year-on-year, we can manage through this.
William H. Spence: On your question on the competitive generation fleet. As I think about it, scale we have that; the mix of generation is very good; we're in a very good market here in PJM; very visible prices; and of course, a very good capacity market. And you have to keep in mind, even if we were not looking at the competitive generation, we still have 8,000 megawatts, over 8,000 regulated generation in Kentucky. So we have a sizable fleet with around 20,000 megawatts. So we do have the scale in good markets. And I think, as Paul mentioned earlier, we have the ability to weather the down cycles, now, in the commodity cycle because of the robustness of the Regulated businesses. So overall, I feel like it's a fit for the company, continues to be a fit for the company and a potential upside as we go into the future. And just a final note, from an environmental perspective, I think you're aware that on a competitive fleet side, we're very well equipped to deal with the MATS and the CSAPR. So we're not looking at any major new incremental investments on the environmental side.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Just one follow-up question for Paul. Would you look at -- if you were to reduce debt at Supply, would it be more just as they mature or would you do something a little more proactively there?
Paul A. Farr: We'd probably look as things mature and as we're closing out the construction programs in the next 12 months or so, around both Rainbow and Holtwood, so that growth CapEx, if you will, kind of goes away. And our teams are looking very hard. I think we've talked about in the past the cutting of, roughly over the 5-year plan, around $500 million of CapEx from that segment. We're continuing, as power prices have come down, to continue to look at O&M and CapEx there to try to help alleviate some of the stress as well. The markets aren't viewing the value of the plants quite as highly and we'll have CapEx in line to make sure that they're available, but prudently available if these challenging markets -- as we make our way through that market cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Could you just walk through the rationale on your earlier comment about filing for the DSIC sometime in '13 and I'm looking at the forward test, your mechanism, a little bit at some point in the future beyond that. Why split those up as opposed to doing it together?
William H. Spence: Well, I think we've got the rate case we just filed. We would expect the outcome January 1, rates to be in effect January 1. So I think we have to balance the company's needs with customer reaction to rate cases just one after another after another. So I think we have to keep that in mind and in consideration. Greg, I don't know if you have any other comments you want to make other than -- maybe you can comment on the DSIC and how we would approach the DSIC.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes. So to supplement those comments, so the rate case that we're filing or that we filed in March will become effective January 1, and that's based on our 2012 capital and O&M projection. So the DSIC, the reason why we're filing the DSIC next year is so that we can get timely recovery of ongoing distribution investment for '13 and beyond. So that's the rationale. And then should we need another base rate increase in the future year, we'd look to most likely, utilize the fully future test year as the way to do that.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. Remember, Brian, under the new law, if you will, entities can't file for the DSIC until 1/1/13 and they need to have an adjudicated ROE to be able to make that filing. So the general rate case that we filed this year gets that piece of it done and then, from a timing perspective, we can file beginning 1/1/13 and we'd be looking to do that.
William H. Spence: And I think, Brian, what we would do is -- we'll look at -- when we get into next year, we'll look at the outcome from the current rate case. We'll look at the impact that the DSIC have on a timely recovery of our CapEx and where we project our ROE and then we'll make a decision at that time. So I'm not ruling out the possibility that we might not file another one but we just have to be mindful of the impact on customers and so forth.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then one other question. Roughly, ballpark, hedging on '14. Where is the company at?
Paul A. Farr: Sure, we're in the same -- essentially, the same position we were at year end -- or on the year end call, about 10% to 20% hedged for 2014.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If the view is that gas may decouple from power because of retirements, does it make sense to use forward gas sales to maintain your heat rate upside as opposed to just throwing naked long on power? Are there any considerations on that front?
William H. Spence: Yes, there are some considerations of that front. We have done some of that in the past and we'll continue to look at that as an opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan: Can you just talk to us a little bit regarding the U.K. regulatory process, in terms of the fast track, and could you just give us a bit of a timeline?
William H. Spence: I'm going to ask Rick Klingensmith to take that one.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Regarding the regulatory process in the U.K., the real process that Ofgem has established is in full speed ahead with the transmission and the gas distribution and gas transmission sectors. For the electricity distribution sector we're in the very early stages and those stages are really around policy development right now, stakeholder engagement. We will see a strategy document and consultation likely issued in the fall, issued by Ofgem, and then a decision documented perhaps the first quarter of 2013. We will start preparing our business plans for submittal in the May, June '13 timeframe and then Ofgem will decide further, in late '13, as to do any of that electric distribution business plans that have been submitted. Will they be eligible? Are they complete and robust enough to be fast tracked through the process? And you'll see some publications of that probably in late '13 and a final decision on electricity distribution fast tracks in early '14. And again, our rates will be effective in 1st of April 2015. You have seen, just recently, Ofgem and the transmission rate case price control reviews, they have fast tracked 2 of the Scottish transmission companies. And so we view that very positively and that the process is working. It allows those business plans to move forward and save about a year in the regulatory cycle for the price control review.
William H. Spence: Well, I think that wraps up the call for today. Really appreciate everyone dialing in and look forward to talking to you on the next quarterly call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein -  James H. Miller - Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee William H. Spence - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Paul Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Ameet I. Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Geoffrey K. Dancey - Cutler Capital Management LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amanda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Joe Bergstein, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman.
James H. Miller: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for participating in the call today. As most of you -- I think all of you know, I'll be retiring from PPL at the end of March, so this will be my last earnings call with you. Obviously, it's been a real thrill with serving PPL for the last 6 or so years as Chairman and CEO, and it certainly has been a highlight of my career. A lot have changed, a lot of interesting transactions throughout the sector and certainly, many, many, many challenges that we've tried to seek, finding the opportunities within that realm of challenge.  I would say that PPL is fundamentally a very strong company, and we've made significant progress over the past few years in further strengthening the foundation, which we can continue to grow the value for the share-owners. And I am real confident that you're going to see the best years of PPL ahead as a result of the work we've done over the last several years. We've got a great team in place under Bill Spence's leadership. I'm sure he'll turn that confidence into a reality. So I thank all of you on the phone for your interest in the company and for your diligence in assessing PPL's performance over the years of my tenure.  So I wish each of you continued success and good fortune in your areas out there. And again, I think you'll see PPL flourish under its new portfolio structure, and a lot of opportunities lie out there ahead for us.  So today I'll talk a little, just a little bit about the overview of 2011 results and talk a little bit about our positioning for the future. Then Bill will provide an overview of our '11 operational performance, a review of future prospects for each of our business segments, and a bit of discussion on our 2012 earnings forecast. And then Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide very detailed financial review before we turn to your questions.  As you saw in the announcement, fourth quarter earnings of $0.69 per share compared with $0.73 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Earnings from ongoing operations for the fourth quarter were $0.70 per share compared with $0.83 in the same period a year ago. Our reported earnings and our earnings from ongoing operations were each $0.13 per share lower than a year ago due to dilution from the April 11 common stock issuance. For the quarter, both reported earnings and ongoing earnings were pressured by lower wholesale electricity margins at our Supply segment.  Turning to the year-end results, we announced 2011 reported earnings of $2.61 per share, an increase of $0.44 per share over 2010. Our 2011 earnings from ongoing operations were $2.72 per share compared with $3.13 per share in 2010. Now the '11 earnings from ongoing operations reflect dilution of $0.75 per share due to the June 2010 and the April 2011 issuances of common stock to fund the Kentucky and U.K. acquisitions. Strong '11 results were driven by solid performance in each of our business segments, and I'm also pleased that we're able to announce this morning a rough 3% increase in our annualized dividend. Our quarterly dividend will now be $0.36 per share. The increase is further indication of our continued confidence in the strength of our portfolio and our prospects for future growth of the company.  Before turning the call over to Bill and Paul, I'd like to review some of the significant factors that position us well for the future. Clearly, we think our business mix has shifted significantly towards rate-regulated earnings, providing us stability and security to our earnings forecast, dividend and credit ratings.  Approximately 70% of our projected 2012 earnings per share will come from regulated businesses, and we expect compound annual rate base growth in these businesses of nearly 8% over the next 5 years. That growth would result in an $8.1 billion increase in the asset base of our regulated companies by 2016, the equivalent of adding another large regulated utility to the portfolio. Much of this rate base growth comes from planned CapEx, that's already been reviewed by various regulators with very little lag in earning a return for shareowners.  The business mix improvements we've made over the past 2 years of have resulted in an excellent business risk profile rating from S&P, putting us in a category with only 2 other companies in our sector. So our stable earnings mix also makes our dividend more secured and gives us platform for continued growth. And while wholesale electricity prices remain depressed, our high-quality competitive Ghent fleet provides upside in stronger energy markets. Baseload plants and PJM are complemented by a flexible mix of gas-fired units that'll position us well on the largest wholesale market in the world.  Fuel mix of our fleet differentiates PPL from many other power producers in the sector. Diverse fuel mix provides us competitive advantages in a variety of market conditions over fleets that are heavily dependent on one fuel source. Over the past several years, I believe that our management team has consistently proven its ability to make the right strategic and tactical calls. Already our team in the U.K. has made meaningful improvements in the Midlands operations, achieving the financial objectives we announced at the time the deal was signed and subsequently financed.  While we have accomplished a great deal, challenges certainly remain. I'm confident, however, that Bill and his team of excellent executives will continue to turn these challenges into opportunities and growth for our shareowners.  So I'll now turn the call over to Bill, the PPL's new CEO. Bill?
William H. Spence: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first take this opportunity to thank Jim on behalf of the executive team and all the employees of PPL for his outstanding leadership in the company over the past 6 years. In guiding PPL through a very challenging time, Jim not only ensured the company weather challenging market conditions, he led the implementation of the strategy that has significantly strengthened the company.  Under Jim's leadership, PPL fundamentally repositioned itself with 2 transformational acquisitions and aggressive hedging program that has added tremendous shareholder value and operational performance that ranks among the best in our industry. Congratulations, Jim, on an outstanding career, and thanks for all you've done for PPL. I'm honored also to have been selected to carry on your excellent leadership.  And speaking of carrying on, let's next turn now to Slide 6. As Jim noted, 2011 was a very successful year for the company. PPL has had now 12 consecutive quarters of very solid performance and 3 consecutive years of exceeding the midpoint of our ongoing earnings guidance. And as Jim mentioned, we've completed 2 transformational acquisitions in an extraordinary fashion. In 2011 we seamlessly acquired and permanently financed Central Networks in the U.K. We implemented our integration plan very close to targeted cost and at the high-end of our expected range of synergies. We overcame extended nuclear outages in poor market conditions in our Supply business, and our Electric Utilities in Kentucky and Pennsylvania provided solid results in a lackluster economy.  I'll briefly review each of the 4 business segments starting with the U.K. Our WPD CEO, Robert Symons, and his team developed a very aggressive efficient integration plan, following our acquisition of the 2 Central Networks utility operations last April. I'm very happy to report that all of that significant operational integration is now complete, and that Western Power Distribution is now serving over 7 million customers with a radical improvement in WPD Midland's operations in just 9 months. This is possibly one of the most dramatic changes ever made in the U.K. utility industry, and I expect WPD Midlands will now join WPD South West than WPD South Wales as the U.K.'s front-tier performers on several incentive measures.  These dramatic improvements are appearing in 4 key areas: percentage of customers restored to service within one hour of high-voltage fault; minutes that customers are without service; the number of customers without service for more than 18 hours; and the number of customer interruptions per 100 customers. There are charts in the appendix of today's presentation that detail some of these significant improvements. While these measures are expected to result in incentive revenue opportunities for the company beginning in 2013, customers in the Midland region of the U.K. are already seeing the benefits of our ownership and our proven operating model.  Our experience in the first 9 months of operating the larger WPD has confirmed our beliefs, that this acquisition will create significant benefits for our customers and PPL's shareowners.  Turning back to the U.S., we achieved a significant milestone when the Kentucky Public Service Commission unanimously approved the settlement of a critical environmental cost recovery case for LG&E and KU. As a result of the settlement and KPSC action, we now have the approval and the cost recovery mechanism to move ahead with approximately $2.3 billion in environmental upgrades necessary at our regulated coal fire plant in Kentucky.  The agreement provides for a 10.1% return on equity for these projects, which will be completed over the next several years. In Pennsylvania, our electric distribution operations certainly had its challenging year, facing 2 of the most damaging storms in the company's history in just a 2-month period. In addition to significant flooding in some areas of our territory. In all cases, our experienced and dedicated crews did an extraordinary job restoring service to customers at very difficult circumstances. In the restoration effort, we received excellent help from other utilities from our mutual assistance program and from PPL's sister companies LG&E and KU.  Regarding customer service, PPL Electric Utilities, LG&E and KU have continued to garner additional J.D. Power awards. In total, the 3 companies now have 32 J.D. Power awards more than any other utility in the U.S.  Turning to the Supply business segment, we were able to achieve our 2011 earnings expectations despite the extended outages at our Susquehanna nuclear plant, which caused us nearly $100 million in pretax margins. Our team brought both units back in it service within just 6 weeks, and they've operated reliably ever since.  And the rest of our Supply business, including our marketing operation and our other power plants rose to the challenge, significantly offsetting the loss of nuclear output, demonstrating the value of our diverse fleet. I'm also pleased with the work our coal group did in 2011, negotiating a long-term rail contract for coal delivery. While the details of the contract are confidential, I can say that we were able to negotiate a multi-year contract that is expected to provide more stable coal transportation cost. Coupled with our other transportation arrangements, we expect to maintain overall transport cost in the low to mid-$20-per-ton range for the next several years.  In summary, over the past 3 years, PPL's made and financed bold acquisitions, completed swift integrations and executed value-accretive generation hedges. This is in addition to the strong operational regulatory performance. Our resulting business mix of high-quality utilities and diverse competitive generation provide the strong foundation that Jim talked about, creating shareholder value. As Jim said, we believe PPL's best years are yet to come.  Before discussing our earnings forecast for 2012, let me take a few minutes to review the positioning of each of the 4 business segments. Starting with the International Regulated segment, the headline here is that the U.K. operation is a highly-attractive rate-regulated business with expectations of significant growth. The U.K. regulatory system provides network operators with pre-approved 5-year forward-looking revenues, which are inflation-adjusted and take into account capital spending, as well as O&M cost. In addition we have the ability to earn incentive revenues, and we face no volumetric risk. This results in a real-time return of and return on capital investment without the lag that is often the norm in the U.S. regulated businesses.  WPD is the top-performing electricity distribution business in the U.K., leading the way in capital and operating cost efficiency, customer service and reliability. In the past 7 years, we've earned more than $380 million of incentive revenues, the highest percentage of bonus revenue among U.K. electricity distributors. As I mentioned earlier we have completely transformed the Midland operation in just 9 months, clearly positioning us to earn additional incentive revenues.  PPL Kentucky operations represent a very positive case of "what you see is what you get." LG&E and KU are efficient well-run utilities that are also projected to have significant rate base growth in the coming years. As the result of the constructive regulatory climate that's focused on the long-term needs of customers, we have in place mechanisms that provide for timely return on a substantial portion of the CapEx plan over the next 5 years. We currently estimate compound annual growth in our Kentucky rate base of 9.6% over the next 5 years. We're also forecasting significant growth in both our transmission and distribution rate base in Pennsylvania. On the transmission side, we now estimate a compound annual growth base rate of nearly 22% through 2016.  This is driven by the 145-mile Susquehanna-Roseland transmission project and other initiatives to improve aging transmission facilities in Pennsylvania, including a recently announced significant new project in the Pocono Mountain area. There have been some recent positive developments regarding the approval process for the Susquehanna-Roseland line, and we hope to receive approval from the National Park Service before the end of this year.  We're also continuing to upgrade aging infrastructure on our distribution system, which covers 29 counties in Pennsylvania. Our distribution improvement efforts are expected to result in a 6% compound annual base growth over the next 5 years. A related positive development on this front comes from the legislative initiative to provide an alternative ratemaking mechanism in the state. This mechanism would permit the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission to authorize recovery of costs for pre-approved infrastructure improvement projects to our distribution system improvement charge.  This legislation was passed by the State House incentive within a year of being introduced. The Senate bill passed unanimously and then moved back to the House for concurrence, where it also passed unanimously just this past Tuesday evening. Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett has been supportive of the legislation, and we would expect them to sign the bill within the next week. The legislation will take effect within 60 days of the governor signing. We would anticipate the model tariff and other PUC guidance to be completed this year, and companies would then be in the position to file for recovery using the new mechanism early next year.  While the industry continues to face the challenge of low wholesale power prices, our competitive generation business continues to be well positioned, having the diversity to capture value in a variety of market conditions. In PJM, we have more than 2400 megawatts of low marginal cost nuclear and hydro facilities, in addition to the 2,800 megawatts of efficient supercritical coal units that have state-of-the-art emission control equipment that put them substantially in compliance with new emission standards without any major investments. We do not believe current forward prices reflect the costs that comply with MATS or CSAPR rules and industry-wide expected coal plant closures. Our fundamental analysis suggests forward power prices are not reflecting the incremental costs necessary to comply with EPA rules, which we estimate to be in the $3 to $5 per megawatt-hour range. Of course, notwithstanding this fundamental analysis, the current market reality is power prices remain soft.  PPL's well positioned in these challenging markets, and I point to a couple of factors. We've been very successful on hedging our generation for '12 and '13 and have one of the strongest hedge profiles in the sector. But beyond hedging, I believe an often overlooked and highly attractive aspect of our fleet, is the more than 2,400 megawatts of gas-fired plants we have in PJM. Our gas-fired assets are capturing an increased share of the markets, as they've been running at near baseload production levels.  For example, in 2011 they ran at a combined capacity factor of 78%, that's up from 43% in 2009. Our gas fleet can benefit from lower gas prices. Displacing less efficient coal units, this should help offset some unhedged dark spread risks associated with our coal assets. And of course, this is precisely the benefit of fleet diversity. Our flexibility and fuel type, dispatch response and technology type provide opportunities and reduce volatility under a variety of market conditions. And to further enhance our fuel diversity, we are exploring options to operate some of our coal units of natural gas.  Turning to the next slide, we provide a regular look at hedge positions for 2012 and 2013. We've increased hedged levels for both years, and provided a range for our hedges, reflecting potential variability and generation production and our use of options. Each can cost some variability in the hedge volumes.  Focusing on 2013, the additional hedges were primarily for off-peak power. You may remember that during the second quarter call, we actively hedged 2013 to capture an increase in power prices, and at that time I indicated those hedges were biased towards on peak power. The hedges we executed since the third quarter essentially bring our booking balance between on peak and off-peak.  Looking at the intermediate and peaking data, you can see we've increased our expected production from the gas-fired units caused by the market dynamics, that I described earlier. This increase partially offsets our lower expected output from the baseload coal fleet.  Before I turn the call over to Paul, let me summarize our 2012 earnings forecast, and then I'll ask Paul to take you through the details. This morning we announced the 2012 earnings forecast of $2.15 to $2.45 per share. While this forecast is, as expected, lower than the results we achieved in 2011, I want to highlight several important points before Paul provides a detailed review of our 2012 guidance.  The largest driver is an expected decline in energy and capacity margins from our Supply business, as higher price hedges are rolling off. I don't think that's a surprise to any of you on the call. The lower supply margins are partially offset by 4 additional months of earnings from the Midlands utilities. Again, I don't believe this is unexpected. However, it's important to note that our forecast for International, exceeds the expectations relative to 2012 net income we'd previously communicated to you. As you will see from Paul's slides and what may not be as expected, we are planning to spend significantly more in improving our customer service and reliability in Pennsylvania and Kentucky.  This increase amounts to about $0.15 per share compared with spending in 2011. As you know, many utilities, including PPL, were hit with devastating storms in 2011. While PPL companies responded very well, we believe there are areas for improvement that will help us do an even better job, when faced with such challenges in the future. We believe the proactive approach will not only improve service to our customers, but will maintain or improve our regulatory margin as we faced rate proceedings in 2013 and beyond.  Finally, I wanted to highlight that our Supply business operating expenses in 2012 are roughly $0.10 per share higher than 2011. This increase is driven by more plant fossil outages and higher costs at our Susquehanna nuclear plant, some in response to anticipated NRC initiatives.  In closing, I'd say that 2011 was another solid year for PPL's, particularly in terms of challenges met and opportunities seized. We're well positioned for 2012, and our announced dividend increase reflects our optimism in the PPL strategy.  Now let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 13 to review fourth quarter and year-end results. As outlined on this slide, the largest positive driver of earnings from ongoing operations in the fourth quarter came out of the U.K. and was primarily due to earnings from the Midlands acquisition. This positive driver was more than offset by the combined impact of dilution of $0.13 per share as a result of the common stock issued in April to fund the Midlands acquisition and lower energy margins, as we expected.  Full year 2011 earnings from ongoing operations were favorably impacted by the financial performance of our utilities in U.K. and Kentucky. These positive drivers were offset by dilution of $0.75 per share, resulting from the common stock issued in June 2010 to fund the Kentucky acquisition and the common stock issued in April of last year to fund the Midlands acquisition.  As forecasted our Supply segment had lower margins in 2011 compared to a year ago. Because the Kentucky acquisition did not close until November 1, 2010, the fourth quarter results are not fully comparable. However, I'd like to remind everyone that the Kentucky Regulated segment earnings include 4 major items: the operating results at KU and LG&E, the holding company costs at LKE, interest expense associated with the 2010 equity unit issuance and dilution of $0.11 per share.  Let's move now to the International Regulated segment earnings drivers on Slide 14. Our International Regulated segment earned $0.87 per share in 2011, a $0.34 increase over 2010. This increase was due to the operating results of the Midlands utilities, net of interest expense of $0.05 per share associated with the 2011 equity unit issuance, higher earnings in WPD's legacy businesses, resulting from higher delivery revenue primarily driven by higher prices and a more favorable currency exchange rate. This was partially offset by higher pension expense, higher income taxes and dilution of $0.24 per share.  Moving to Slide 15, our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.31 per share in 2011, a $0.04 increase over 2010. This increase was the net result of higher delivery margins, primary due to the distribution base rate increase that went into effect in April 1 of last year. Lower O&M -- lower taxes primary due to a Pennsylvania state tax benefit related to the 100% bonus depreciation last year and dilution of $0.09 per share.  Turning now to Supply on Slide 16, this segment earned $1.14 per share in 2011, a decrease of $1.13 per share compared to 2010. Lower earnings in this segment were driven primarily by lower regulatory margins as a result of energy and capacity prices in the East, lower baseload generation, lower basis and higher delivered coal prices. This was partially offset by higher margin on coal requirement sales contracts. Also impacted 2011 results were higher O&M at Susquehanna in our fossil and hydroelectric stations in the East and the West, higher income taxes, primarily due to valuation allowances on Pennsylvania net operating loss carryforwards, that were driven by lower projected future taxable income, including the impacts of bonus depreciation and lower forward energy prices. Finally, dilution of $0.31 per share.  Turning now to Slide 17, as Bill already mentioned, we are announcing our 2012 earnings forecast range of $2.15 to $2.45 with the midpoint of $2.30 per share. This slide shows the year-over-year change in earnings by key drivers within each segment. The $0.13 impact of dilution has been removed from the segment earnings and is shown as a separate line item on the graph. We expect increased earnings from the International Regulated segment primarily due to an additional 4 months of earnings from the Midlands businesses, basically our 4 highest earning months of the year, and an annualized increase in delivery revenue of 9.5% effective April 1.  Partially offsetting these positive earnings drivers are higher O&M, higher depreciation, higher income taxes and a less favorable currency exchange rate. We expect lower earnings from our Supply segment in 2012 compared to 2011, primarily due to lower energy margin, as a result of lower energy and capacity prices, and higher fuel costs, partially offset by higher nuclear and coal generation output, higher O&M primarily due to additional plant outages at our Eastern fossil and hydroelectric stations, higher depreciation, higher income taxes and an assumption of lower realized nuclear decommissioning trust earnings that we experienced in 2011.  The lower earnings from the Pennsylvania Regulated segment are primarily due to higher O&M, as a result of plant increases and system reliability work and customer service costs, as Bill mentioned, and higher, depreciation resulting from higher plant and service. We also expect higher income taxes as a result of the 2011 Pennsylvania State tax benefits related to bonus depreciation that will not continue into 2012.  These negative earnings drivers are expected to be partially offset by higher delivery revenue, primarily on the transmission side of the business. We expect lower earnings from the Kentucky Regulated segment due to certain regulatory initiatives in the areas of customer service, gas pipeline safety and infrastructure security, increased operating and maintenance costs from additional plant or plant outages and higher baseline spending. We also expect higher depreciation as a result of higher plant and service. These increased costs will be partially offset by higher budgeted electricity and gas margins due to expected low growth, our growing ECR rate base and base rate increases from Virginia and the FERC.  On Slide 18, we provide updates on our free cash flow before dividends. For 2011, this graph obviously excludes the impact of approximately $5.8 billion necessary to fund the Midlands acquisitions. Our 2011 projected free cash flow before dividend has not changed materially since the third quarter call. A decrease in actual capital expenditures was due to lower capital spending in the Supply and Kentucky Regulated segments, partially offset by higher capital spending in International. The changing CapEx was almost entirely offset by a change in other net investing activities.  The largest driver of 2012 free cash flow before dividends is projected capital expenditures of $3.8 billion, primarily at our rate regulated businesses. The details of our projected capital expenditures and related rate base growth can be found in the appendix of today's presentation.  Partially offsetting the increase of capital spending is higher expected cash from operations in the International Regulated segment, primarily due to the additional 4 months of Midlands operations versus 2011. Cash from operations also reflects projected pension contributions of around $400 million for the year.  Due to large fluctuations that can occur in certain cash flow items like changes in working capital and collateral requirements on power hedges, starting at 2012, we no longer plan to discuss quarter-over-quarter changes to our year-end projections of free cash flows before dividends. We will provide an annual estimate of free cash flow before dividends for the upcoming year at the time, we announce earnings guidance. You can obviously track the company's actual free cash flow before dividends using our SEC filings, though.  Finally, turning to Slide 19, as Jim mentioned earlier, we have raised the annualized dividend 2.9% to $1.44 effective with the April dividend payment. This dividend level represents a 63% payout ratio based on the midpoint of our 2012 earnings forecast, and is expected to be more than covered by our rate regulated earnings. The combination of the acquisitions we completed over the last 2 years, the diversity of the competitive generation fleet and the growth prospects of our utility businesses clearly permit us to look at flexibility in growing the dividend in the future.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim for the question-and-answer period.
James H. Miller: All right. Thanks, Paul. Operator, open the call up for questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Marc de Croisset from FBR Capital Markets.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I just wanted to ask a brief question about the earnings trajectory or the trajectory for EPS growth, if you could comment on it. On previous calls, you mentioned your expectations for higher power prices in '13 and '14, and it looks like you still hold that view. But for the moment, we basically have a stay in CSAPR. We've seen substantial decline in forward natural gas and power prices. And so if this actually materializes, given these facts, do you see enough drivers on the regulated side to offset those headwinds and any impact from the converts to drive earnings growth in '13 and '14 from 2012?
Paul Farr: Okay. One of the reasons why obviously beyond just having rate case filings, that we expect for next year like we have multiple fronts. Clearly, the commodity markets are dynamically changing, and the environmental regulations stays obviously make it difficult to predict earnings on an intermediate forecast basis. I would expect as we look at current forward collar prices that we would be able to offset much of the decline that could come from margin declines with rate regulated earnings growth, that would be a combination of those rate case filings I've talked about, the ECR spending in Kentucky the, normal formula rate adjustments that we've got coming through the FERC jurisdictional transmission in Pennsylvania Electric Utilities, as well as obviously in this year in 2013, on an annualized basis starting April 1, I talked about the 9.5% revenue increase for that asset base, and that's going to continue to grow in '14 and beyond. I'd expect we'd be able to offset much of it. The question is obviously what happens between now and the time that we layer in the hedges that secure most or all of 2013, which I wouldn't expect to happen until we move further in the year, obviously. And then '14 as we've talked about in the past, is fairly open. So it just depends upon on what happened in those commodity markets. I think, For what we have control over, we've executed very well in terms of the rate case filings and the settlements in those areas, and I'd expect we'll do the same in '13. The thing that we don't have control over is the commodity markets.
William H. Spence: Mark, this is Bill. I would say that for 2013, given that we're already over 80% hedged, we feel very good about earnings per share growth for '13 as we sit here today. I think Paul highlighted some of the other risks in '14 and beyond, that we're going to have to deal with. But the fact is with the mix that we have today, we are very much well positioned to combat something like this compared to where we were 18 months ago. So I think as we sit here today, we really feel great about the transformational acquisitions we've done and where we are relative to the commodity cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ameet I. Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just had a couple of quick questions. It looks like the 2012 EPS guidance, it looks like you guys have a bit of a wider range than you historically have about $0.10 wider . And given, I guess, one-year hedge levels where they stand for '12 and a greater proportion of regulated earnings, I was wondering what kind of drove the wider range for this year?
William H. Spence: There were a couple of things there. Obviously, with the volatility in the commodity prices, even though we are substantially hedged, they're still of the intermediate and peaking units. They're open. There's still some unhedged baseload generation. That's clearly significant factor. With International, even though things are going very, very well and we're actually, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, forecasting net income well above even the upper end of the range we gave during the roadshow on the equity offering, we're still 9 months into the business, so there's potential variability there. Of course, with the economy being what it is, that's going to be a factor, in addition to weather, of course. So those are some of the factors that went through our minds as we looked at the range.
Paul Farr: I think also we've got for 2012, we've got about between actual results, where the currency rates are locked, and the hedges that we've got in place, about 82% of budgeted total year earnings are hedged from a U.K. standpoint. But there's a little bit of an open position there. Interest rates can move on as they can affect the index link bonds in the U.K. I think it will clearly take a combination of significant items to move us to the top or bottom end of the range. But we felt like given the very -- Bill mentioned weather, the weather was a fairly significant headwind for us in the fourth quarter. Very temperate in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky. It's been very temperate in Jan, Feb so far. So we just felt it was prudent to give a range that if a combination of items were to hit us, the range would be broad enough to accommodate those items.
William H. Spence: But I would say we feel very good about the midpoint of the range and confident that, that's an achievable target.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess, my first question has to do with based on your projected level of contribution from the regulated companies in Pennsylvania and in Kentucky, what type of ROEs does that - earned ROEs does that get you to in 2012?
Paul Farr: In 2012, that would get us on the Pennsylvania Regulated front, and I'll leave the U.K. to the side, because we've talked about the U.K. in the past and where we get the below the double digits to middle double digits unlevered and get into the low 20s on a lever basis. Everything is pretty much fully unplanned on that front. We were in the -- with the benefits of -- which almost $0.04 of bonus depreciation benefit in Pennsylvania, get in the 10% to 11% in '11, I would expect with that not recurring and with the spending plan, what we've got for the customer and reliability initiative we talked about that we'd be in the mid-single-digit range for Pennsylvania electric. And then in Kentucky, it's going to be in the 8-ish percent range, factoring in at the operating companies and not factoring in goodwill or anything like that, given where we expect the spending plans in those businesses to be as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Actually, a couple of questions. First on O&M cost in the U.S. both at the Regulated segments and at Supply, what's kind of embedded as a percentage year-over-year increase from '11 to '12? And how much of that is pension versus kind of true -- kind of late labor materials related O&M?
Paul Farr: When I look at the O&M across the board, of course, you're focusing on Slide 17, and leave International Regulated off, pension year-over-year domestically is $0.03 just in terms of rounded out in full. It's another $0.01 in the U.K., so it's a total of $0.04 from an ongoing earnings perspective related to the pension. Everything else would relate to either movement or higher levels of power plant outage experiences in both Kentucky and in the Eastern fleet, as I've mentioned in my comments. And then inflationary spending around wages and other benefits and things like that. So those will be the biggest drivers there. There are specific [indiscernible] related items in Kentucky, there are customer service initiatives and responding to an audit that we went through last year in Kentucky that requires some cost support, there's the initial reliability base measures that Bill talked about in the Electric Utilities that are several cents a share, as well. So it did -- only about $0.04 in total globally in pension, $0.03 domestic.
William H. Spence: And I would say, Michael, the way I'm looking at it, about half of the increases year-over-year are driven by the normal labor escalation and the pension cost that Paul mentioned. The other 1/2 are initiatives specifically focused on customer service and reliability.
Paul Farr: Yes, now clearly we expect to recover those in the rate filings, as well.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I look at the coal hedging for 2013 for the Eastern fleet, if that's delivered ton and it includes rail, and if it's low to mid-20s per ton of transport, that's implying like roughly $60, $62 a ton of delivered coal, a little bit below where we've seen over the last 6 to 12 months, kind of before the Appalachian coal prices range. Just curious, are you able to exercise -- are you benefiting somehow from proximity from mines? Are you signing longer-term contracts at lower prices but giving the mining companies a little bit more certainty over the longer term? Do you have some other form of buyer power? Just can you give any color around that?
William H. Spence: Sure. And yes, you're spot on in terms of the cost of the mine mouth, if you will. And that is really a function of longer-term contracts that we had negotiated some time ago and many of those contracts have collars that limit the increases. Of course, they also limit the decreases as well in a very soft market. But we're seeing the benefits, at least in 2012 and 2013 ,of the strategy we put in place a number of years ago to lock in a substantial amount of the coal at very favorable prices.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question. With regards to the same hedging slide, I just wanted to kind of touch base on the expected generation number there. You talked about the offset from your gas portfolio. How much of the change down here is from coal? And how much of an offset are we getting, just if you could provide that in terms of terawatt hours? How much is one offsetting the other there?
William H. Spence: Sure. Yes, if you take a look at the slide and compare it to where we were at the end of the last quarter, on the 2012 side, expected generation in the intermediate went up from 6.2 gigawatts to 6.9, so that's substantial increase there. That is displacing, if you will, some coal generation, not so much on our own coal generation, but other less efficient units in the market. On the baseload side, you see most of the drop is in the East, although there is some drop in the West quarter-over-quarter. And for 2012, for example, we're at 46.2 gigawatts at the end of the last quarter and we're at 45.5 gigawatts in the East this quarter. That drop is really a combination of 2 things. One is more plant outages on the coal fleet but also less runtime, particularly in the off-peak hours from the coal fleet based on the current soft power prices.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. Great. So there's nothing from the gas side now baked in the baseload for whatever it's worth, right?
William H. Spence: Correct, that's right.
Paul Farr: It's all down below.
William H. Spence: It's all down below. Even though it maybe running as baseload, we still categorize it in the intermediate to peaking area.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Perfect. And then a follow-up on the rate implementation. Assuming everything gets signed in Pennsylvania, I wanted to see, does this impact your timing of a rate case this year, are you guys still going to go in file a rate case this year and then next year go in and sort of true that up with the implementation?
William H. Spence: Correct. We would not anticipate any change in the rate filing we would make, which we would expect to file at the end of the first quarter here, where the rates effective 1/1/13 for that base rate case. For the enhanced disc, if you will, this distribution infrastructure charge, we would expect to file that in the first -- hopefully in the first quarter of next year. It would not be combined with the base rate case. I think if you read the legislation, you know that you have to have it filed within the last 5 years to file this rate proceeding, which we will have had. So we would use that as the basis for the launching off point, if you will, for the disc.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then the last question is more broad. When I look at the hedging in the Supply business, it seems that you guys might be pursuing a little bit less for requirement, perhaps, more on sort of residential retail, what have you. I just wanted to get the latest thoughts in terms of how you anticipate pursuing the various sales channels on that front.
William H. Spence: Sure. As I've mentioned previously, we do look to have a balance portfolio in terms of types of products that we -- and options that we use to hedge the fleet. So there is a combination of straight sales and West Hub that are just fixed-price. There is a combination of collars, and then we have retail, as well. At this point, the retail load is not a large piece of the hedge portfolio. It's growing, but it's probably one of the smaller pieces. It's really dominated right now, the hedges are, with fixed prices and collared products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Bischof with MorningStar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question for you in regards to MAAC. What do you think is kind of the likelihood that MAAC will really face legal challenge and on what grounds do you think someone would base that legal challenge on?
William H. Spence: I'm sorry it was a little hard to hear the question.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry. What do you think is the likelihood that MAAC rule will face legal challenge and what grounds do you think someone would base that legal challenge on?
William H. Spence: Yes. That's so hard to predict. I don't think we have a feel at this point for whether it will be challenged. My guess is that like all these rules that have come before it, there will be some type of challenge. How it's challenged, I really can't say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's actually Kevin. On the U.K. operations, what level of incentive and bonus revenues are you assuming in 2012 guidance?
Paul Farr: In 2012 it was GBP 18.7 million, so annualized from April -- and that was based upon the results through March 31, 2011, probably a test year or accomplishment year. We would expect, so that would affect revenues from April 1, '12 through 3/31/13. We would expect to basically at least double that amount for the next year that would be ending here come March 31, '12. So from April 1, '13 through March 31, '14, it's from instead of $30 million, it's closer to $60 million.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then with the dividend, with the big increase, what is your dividend policy now and how do you expect to grow it in the future?
Paul Farr: We don't really formally have a policy. We focus very heavily on clearly ensuring that the rate regulated utilities can more than fully cover the dividend. What I'd say is that we're trying as best as we can to grow the dividend, but at the same time, we've got very significant growth opportunities and capital and capital that we can deploy in areas where we earn basically immediate recovery. So I would expect when you look at that kind of a trajectory of earnings of the rate base and therefore, net income growth in the regulated utilities, it will be at a fraction of that. Whether it's 1/3 of that amount or 1/2 of that amount, I'm not entirely certain. There is an element that does depend upon as things kind of fall into line around the fundamentals around supply. We do consider supply, I know that's not as probably as specific as you want, but we don't target a specific payout ratio.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And last question is for 2012 guidance. Are you assuming like $300 million to $350 million of equity through your DRIP and other programs?
Paul Farr: Yes. That's saying we're at $350 million for 2012 as we have kind of discussed previously. That includes $75 million related to the DRIP and management comp, so it will be an incremental $2.75 of issuance. If the commodity market stays soft, I could see that staying at that level for the next couple of years when markets look a little better. We're looking at amounts less than that over the next couple of years. So that'll be a little bit dynamic, but I wouldn't see it moving materially at all from the $350 million over the next several years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Dancey with Cutler Capital.
Geoffrey K. Dancey - Cutler Capital Management LLC: I'm curious what you see in terms of further switching from coal to natural gas and how important it can be for you and just your broad observations on it, sort of across the industry.
William H. Spence: Sure, I think as we've already begun to see, there's significant levels of switching going on now. And I would expect that to continue with the soft natural gas prices. For us, as I have mentioned in my opening remarks, our capacity factor on our gas units was up around 78% last year. And roughly, almost double what it was 2 years before that. So we are seeing with our fleet, and I'm sure others are, significant additional runimes. As gas continues to go down, if the margins continue to improve, there's clearly some upside for those of us that have the capability to use these gas assets.
Geoffrey K. Dancey - Cutler Capital Management LLC: And what about just the considerations for new plants coming on. How long and how low do you need to see natural gas prices before you think new plants come on driven based off on natural gas.
William H. Spence: Well, I think that's heavily dependent not only on the energy price, but also on where capacity prices clear in the forward markets. I think if you look at current capacity prices that have cleared in the last few auctions, coupled with where energy prices are today. I don't think it would even clear the economic hurdles that you'd need to incent new generation. Having said that, as more coal units retire, certainly, the largest beneficiary from a technology standpoint are going to be gas-combined cycle units, and those typically take from on a greenfield site, you're talking about a minimum of 3 years between permitting and construction to put those into play.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark de Croisset from FBR Capital Markets.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. You mentioned you are lightly hedged in '14. I'm wondering if you might give us a little more indication around that? Is that a 20%, 30% hedging in '14? Or are you substantially open at this point?
William H. Spence: No, we're less than 20% out in 2014. 2010 and 20%.
William H. Spence: I was just going to note that we will probably -- when we substantially hedge more of 2014, we'll obviously add that to our slide deck in the future. But for right now, given that it's in that 10% to 20% range, we didn't think it was meaningful enough to put it onto the slide.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And maybe you commented on this. I don't recall exactly. But on Slide 17, you have Other as a headwind between 2011 and 2012. Can you describe a little bit more what is in that bucket?
Paul Farr: Yes. And I've talked about at a high level on my remarks, this is Paul. Let me kind of go through it segment by segment and tell you what's in Other. In International Regulated, that $0.11, $0.06 is depreciation, and $0.05 is taxes, income taxes. In the $0.10 of Other, in Supply, it's about $0.03 of depreciation, $0.03 financing, $0.02 nuclear decommissioning trust earnings being lower, and then $0.01 of truly other. Pennsylvania Regulated, o$0.01 of depreciation and $0.03 to $0.04 related to bonus depreciation that I talked about that wouldn't continue into '12, because the way the Pennsylvania interpretation was worded. And then in Kentucky Regulated, the other $0.02 of depreciation and $0.01 is a mix of other items.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont from Jefferies.
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. Just a clarifying question. If you were not to do anything, either to issue shares or repurchase shares, can you just give us a sense of what the diluted -- average diluted share count will look like in '14, given the converts?
Paul Farr: Given the coverts, we move from 550,000, 553,000 to 586,000 in '13. Let me take a quick look, 586,000 -- I'm sorry, 586,000 in '12. So it goes 615,000 in '13. Now that does include a modest amount of additional equity, so the DRIP in the management comp is in there. So if you back off probably call it 10 million shares from that, you're closer to 610,000 and then in the year like in '14, you ask for, which is 664,000 you'd probably have to back off 20 million to 25 million shares from that. So you're closer to...
Paul B. Fremont - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So that would be like 640,000 right?
Paul Farr: Like 640,000, right. In that zip code.
Operator: And we have time for one further question. It comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I Just want to ask quick questions on the regulated side. First, Kentucky, you mentioned you're going to file this year and Pennsylvania, you're still planning to file this year in Kentucky, that's a first question. Second question on the bill in Pennsylvania and the new alternative ratemaking process, can you give a little color in terms of how that will be implemented? Is it like a track or a formula rate plan? Or is it just a true multi-year forward test year? The way we read it, it seems like you almost have an option of an either/or, but we'd love to hear your thought.
William H. Spence: Yes, of course, we'll see what the model tariff looks like from the PSC and any other provisions once they issue those. But on the Pennsylvania House Bill 1294, we do think there's an option there. You can either pick a forward test year or the disc-type mechanism. My understanding of it is, that it would be trued up on a quarterly basis, so you would file and there's a limit of up to 5% of your distribution revenues that can be filed under this, although you can ask for a waiver for additional, if you'd like. And we think that's a pretty substantial amount to go for, anyway. So I would think that we would file, as I mentioned earlier, some time early next year, and then we would probably lean towards the tracking-type mechanism more so than the forward test year, but we haven't made that determination yet. And that's just based on our early read of that. As it relates to Kentucky, we have not announced formally any plan to issue a rate or to file a rate case. Typically if we were to do so, we need to file that about 6 months in anticipation of the targeted date for implementation, 6 to 9 months in that range. As Paul mentioned, we're looking at ROEs in the 8 percentage range for this year, and we'll -- obviously, that's well below the authorized rates, so we're obviously going to be looking at our plans for filing a rate case for next year in the next quarter or so. But we haven't made that decision yet.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Meaning, you're looking at filing -- you're going to look at it in the next quarter or so about whether you would want to file midyear this year or about whether you would want to wait until filing sometime in 2013?
William H. Spence: Yes. Correct, but I guess; assuming the 8% holds, I would say it's probably more likely that we'd file for rates to be effective 1/1/2013, but, again, we haven't made an official notice or filing yet.
Operator: And presenters, I'll turn the call back over to you for any closing remarks.
James H. Miller: Okay. Thank you, operator. Well, thank you all for being on the call. I just offer, maybe 3 important points that the team I think has covered today. One, it was obviously 2011 was a good strong year. 16-or-so percent total shareholder return. I think, as Bill mentioned earlier, the range for 2012, we feel good about the midpoint of that range at $2.30. And I think to Paul's comments, we feel that although obviously natural gas prices are staying down, the reason we move the company in this direction is precisely to be able to perform and hopefully grow earnings during the sustained period of low grass prices. And at the same time, we're growing our dividends so that people -- dividend is important, too. They're being paid that dividend while we wait for probably a couple of years for prices to start to move up. But they will move up, given the ultimate retirement of coal and demand picking back up.  So I think we feel as a whole that the company is positioned very, very well to face the future and we feel pretty good about where we sit today. So thank you all for being on the call and it's been great working with all of you. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Joe Bergstein -  William H. Spence - President and Chief Operating officer James H. Miller - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee and President of PPL Energy Supply
Analysts: Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division William Appicelli - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tequila, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Joe Bergstein, you may begin.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on third quarter results and our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman and CEO.
James H. Miller: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone. I'll just make a few general business comments, and then I'll turn it over to Paul Farr, Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a much more detail financial overview. And then Bill Spencer, President and Chief Operating Officer, for an operations -- in-depth operations overview, and then we'll go to questions. Today, we announced reported third quarter earnings of $0.76 per share, an increase of $0.25 from the same period a year ago. For the first 9 months of the year our reported earnings are $1.91 per share compared to $1.40 through the first 3 quarters of 2010. Ongoing earnings for the third quarter were also $0.76 per share versus $0.74 in the third quarter of '10, and ongoing earnings through the 3 quarters of 2011 are $2.02 per share compared with $2.29 a year ago. We noted in our release this morning that per share ongoing earnings for both periods were affected by the issuance of common stock to fund our recent acquisitions in Kentucky and the U.K. During the quarter, our solid performance from our newly acquired businesses in Kentucky and the United Kingdom helped overcome earnings pressure on our competitive Supply business and our Pennsylvania Delivery business, and we remain highly confident in our ability to achieve the economic performance we projected for the expanded U.K. business.  Through the first 9 months of the year, earnings performance was driven by the contribution of our Kentucky regulated segment, strong international segment performance and by the PPL Electric Utilities' distribution rate increase that took effect January 1. The improvements were offset by lower energy margins in our Supply segment driven by higher-priced hedges rolling off, unplanned outages to replace turbine blades and our Susquehanna nuclear units and higher storm restorations expenses in Pennsylvania and the dilution I spoke of from the equity issuances for the acquisitions.  The integration of our new operations in the U.K. has been extremely successful to date. Our new operating models in place for WPD Midlands and our U.K. team is showing significant positive results for customers and share owners. We remain on-track to complete this integration by the end of the year and at a cost below our estimate at the time we announced the acquisition in April.  Let's turn to the 2011 forecast. We're pleased to announce that we're increasing the 2011 ongoing earnings forecast to $2.55 to $2.75 per share from the previous $2.50 to $2.75 per share. The increase was made possible by the strong performance of our portfolio of regulated businesses, coupled with the ability of our competitive Supply business to overcome the margin impact of the unexpected outages at the Susquehanna nuclear plant. So clearly, the larger more rate-regulated PPL has provided significant advantages for our share owners. And our significant regulated infrastructure investment opportunities are expected to provide sustained growth in each of our regulated businesses for the years to come.  Compound annual growth rate in the consolidated regulated asset base projected to be about 9% over the next 5 years. Further to that, more than 2/3 of plan CapEx, as we've mentioned earlier, will be made under regulatory structures that allow for near, real-time recovery of those expenditures. It's important to note that we made some progress in this quarter on legislation in Pennsylvania that will allow the regulator to consider methods to reduce the frequency of rate cases and reduce regulatory lag on distribution investments made by utilities in the Commonwealth. We're hopeful that this legislation, which already has passed the state house, will receive Senate approval and Governor Corbett's signature by the end of the year. Also, our Supply segment remains well-positioned to the eventual rebound of competitive wholesale capacity in power prices. There's good news for our investors here as well. The recent finalization of cross-state air pollution rules, firming [ph] spark spreads and the potential for a recovering economy point to how -- higher power prices beginning in late '13 or early '14. And now I'll turn the call over to Paul for detailed financial results. Paul?
Paul Farr: Thanks, Jim and, good morning, everyone. Let's start with Slide 6 to review our third quarter results. Third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were higher than last year primarily due to the performance of our newly acquired utility. These positive drivers were significantly offset by dilution resulting from the common stock issued in April of this year to fund our central networks acquisition, lower margins on our Supply segment and higher storm restoration expenses in our Pennsylvania regulated segment.  While there's no comparator for 2010 performance for Kentucky, because that acquisition didn't close until November 1 of last year, I'd like to remind everyone that the Kentucky segment earnings include the operating results of KU and LG&E, holding company cost of LKE, interest expense associated with the 2010 equity unit issuance and dilution of $0.03 per share.  Let's now move to the international segment earnings drivers on Slide 7. Our international regulated segment earned $0.22 per share in the third quarter, a $0.10 increase over last year. This increase was due to the operating results of the Midlands utilities, including interest expense of $0.02 per share associated with 2011 equity unit issuance, higher earnings in WPD's legacy businesses resulting from higher Delivery revenues primarily due to higher prices, partially offset by higher pension and other operating expenses, higher income taxes and dilution of $0.04 per share.  Moving to Slide 8. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.05 per share in the third quarter of 2011, a $0.03 decline from last year. The decrease was the net result of higher delivery margins primarily due to the distribution base rate increase that went into effect on January 1, higher O&M primarily due to higher storm restoration expenses and dilution of $0.01 per share.  Turning now to Slide 9, for supply. This segment earned $0.36 per share in the third quarter of 2011, a decrease of $0.18 per share compared to last year. Lower Q3 earnings were driven by lower energy and capacity pricings in the East and higher-delivered coal prices partially offset by higher margins on full requirements sales contracts and higher baseload generation, higher income taxes and finally dilution of $0.07 per share.  On Slide 10, we've updated our projected 2011 free cash flow before dividends. The change in cash from operations since the second quarter earnings call is driven by slightly higher expected operating results and a change in working capital, including lower expected return of collateral from third parties. Cash flows are also impacted by lower projected capital expenditures, primarily in the Kentucky regulated and Supply segments.  Turning to Slide 11. Our dividend clearly remains the key element of total share owner return. And as we outlined here, the current dividend is covered out of rate-regulated business earnings. The combination of the Midlands acquisition and the growth prospects of our utility businesses that Jim mentioned clearly permit us flexibility to look at dividend growth.  Moving over to Slide 12 now. And as we indicated, we would do in the second quarter earnings call, we're providing some modeling parameters for the enlarged WPD related to future earnings. I'd like to remind everyone that we provided WPD net income figures for 2011 to 2013 to the roadshow materials earlier this year. Let's begin with revenues, which are projected to increase by an average of 5.5% per year plus inflation for the balance of the price-controller [ph] period that ends March 31, 2015, plus any annual incentive awards earned through performance.  After achieving the Midlands integration efficiencies from that acquisition, most of the operating cost should increase with inflation, although depreciation expense will increase at a higher rate due to increased levels of capital investment. Pension expense is expected to increase from GBP 20 million in 2011 to GBP 50 million by 2013 and then decrease modestly thereafter. In calculating interest expense, most of our debt is fixed-rate debt except for about GBP 365 million that is inflation-linked. I would expect that we will maintain our current cap structure as we grow the U.K. rate base and balance sheet, which is comprised of 65% debt-to-RAV at the Yacos [ph] and 80% debt-to-RAV at the holdco [ph] levels.  And for the foreseeable future, our consolidated effective tax rate is expected to be about 24% for that segment. Combining new drivers with a foreign currency translation rate, you should be able to reasonably determine the international regulated segment's future earnings contribution. Again, we provided the projected net income figures for 2011 through '13 back earlier this year when we announced the deal and subsequently issued the equity using a $1.60 per sterling translation rate. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations.
William H. Spence: Okay. Thank you, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn now to Slide 13, start with an operational review of the third quarter. Overall, as Paul noted, we had another very good quarter of financial performance. In Pennsylvania, we had a couple of major regulatory developments this past month in both the Distribution and Transmission businesses. On October 4, the Pennsylvania House of Representatives passed House Bill 1294 with strong bipartisan support by a vote of 183 to 18. This bill is intended to clarify the authority of the Pennsylvania PUC to approve a request for alternative rate-making mechanisms by regulated utilities such as PPL.  We strongly support the bill in its current form, as we believe that it will help reduce regulatory lag currently experienced on certain distribution-related capital expenditures and add meaningful benefits for our customers. House Bill 1294 has been referred to the State Senate, where it will work through a similar process as the House. We're hopeful the bill will pass the Senate this year and will be sent to the governor for the signature.  With respect to Pennsylvania transmission, on October 5, President Obama announced the initial list of projects under the newly formed federal rapid response team for transmission. PPL's Susquehanna-Roseland power lines was named to this initial list. The rapid response team is expected to accelerate review and permitting of Transmission Line projects to increase reliability and save consumers' money by modernizing the grid. Susquehanna-Roseland remains under review by the National Park Service, which is performing an environmental impact statement. We look forward to working with the rapid response team, as we have been with the National Park Service, to ensure a thorough and comprehensive review in a timely manner that will support availability of the new line by early 2015. The fact Susquehanna-Roseland was added to the initial list shows the Obama administration recognizes the importance of the new power line and the need for swift action on federal permits. We continue to be very optimistic about an in-service date in the spring of 2015, with heavy construction to begin in 2013.  In addition to positive regulatory developments in Pennsylvania, we also saw a positive operational execution during the quarter after some of the worst storms the East Coast has seen in quite some time. In late August, Hurricane Irene left significant damage to the electrical equipment, downing trees on wires and destroying poles. It was the second worst storm our Pennsylvania utility has experienced in the past 20 years. Our skilled and dedicated workforce was up to the task of restoring power to more than 400,000 customers in a 3-day time period. We thank the crews from other utilities that came to assist in the restoration efforts, and in particular, we would like to thank the crews from LG&E and KU.  Unfortunately, those same folks have been put to the test again this past week. We've experienced our fourth major storm of 2011 last Saturday with ice and heavy snow accumulation on trees and power lines, which affected 10 transmission lines and scores of distribution lines in the Lehigh Valley causing 320,000 total customers to lose power. Once again, crews have been doing a great job recovery from in some areas an even more devastating storm than Hurricane Irene. We do not expect a significant impact to our earnings as a result of all these storms. Some costs will be capitalized or covered by insurance. And for the remaining costs, we will seek deferral for future consideration.  Moving to Kentucky. We filed a certificate of public convenience with the KPSC on September 15. This certificate requested approval to build a 640-megawatt natural gas combined cycle generating unit at the existing Cane Run site, as well as approval to purchase 3 simple cycle natural gas turbines from Bluegrass Generation Company. These turbines will provide up to 495 megawatts of DC [ph] generation. These requests were filed to cost-effectively meet new stricter EPA regulations. It will likely be necessary for us to retire 3 coal-fired generating stations at Cane Run, Green River and Tyrone, totaling 800 megawatts. We requested that the KPSC rule on the CKCN [ph] by April of 2012.  Let's move to Slide 14 for an update of the International Regulated segments. Execution of integration plans for the Midlands operations remain solidly on track in all respects. The organizational structure, reorganizational plans have been finalized and implementation has already begun. The total estimated cost to reorganization is $102 million pretax. The integration is progressing as scheduled, and we've already seen positive movement in key operational metrics and financial results in the first 7 months of ownership. As originally contemplated, we are on plan to complete the final organizational and system changes during the fourth quarter. Completion of this work will allow us to achieve the efficiency savings that we shared with investors when we announced the acquisition in April. We will provide you with a more detailed update at the EEI Financial Conference next week. We plan to illustrate how our U.K. team, including the Midlands employees, are already beginning to deliver value to customers and share owners.  Moving to Slide 15. We've outlined sales volumes by major customer classes in Kentucky. In summary, retail sales for the quarter were relatively in line with the prior year on a weather-normalized basis, but remain challenged by lackluster economic conditions. Residential and commercial volumes both declined somewhat over the most recent 12-month period. Customer growth has not materialized, and usage rates per customer have also declined. Industrial sales are generally driven by specific plant issues. For the 12-month period, we saw increased production at some of our larger industrial customers compared to the prior 12-month period.  Moving to Slide 16. We provide details on sales volume variances for PPL Electric Utilities. Weather-normalized residential sales were higher for the quarter compared to the prior year due to modest slow growth and the addition of new customers. Commercial industrial sales were lower for the quarter, reflecting slower economic recovery in the region from levels experienced in 2010.  On Slide 17, we provide our normal detail on the competitive Supply segment hedges. The baseload power hedge levels for the remainder of 2011 are 100%, and prices are essentially the same as our previous disclosure. We've adjusted our expected generation outputs for 2011 to reflect actual results through September 30 and our forecast for the remainder of the year. During the quarter, we adjusted some power hedges in the East for 2012, but we anticipate being fully hedged before we start the year. For 2013 our hedge profile is now at 72% as we've layered in some additional hedges.  By the end of this quarter, we would expect to be 60% to 90% hedged for 2013. We're of course ahead of that schedule somewhat as we took advantage of favorable power price rallies. Over 50% of the 2013 hedges were done with callers, so we do stand to capture upside of these hedges should prices move higher. But of course, we protected against the downside if the CSAPR impact is less than expected or forward natural gas prices soften further. Of course, we would still have the remainder of our unhedged 2013 baseload production and most of our gas-fired capacity available to capture benefits of strengthening power prices, should that occur.  As Jim mentioned, we maintained an optimistic view for 2014, believing that the confluence of CSAPR implementation, prospects for an economic recovery and firming gas prices could further expand heat rates. Our generation business is expected to benefit in that type of environment.  Now I'll turn the call back to Jim, and I look forward to your questions.
James H. Miller: All right, operator, would you please open the call for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Kevin. I guess on your comments on supply you indicated that you're looking at being more optimistic on the hedging program in 2014. Can you give us a flavor on really what that means? And then on the Rail side, I realize you're in negotiations, but can you just kind of point me in the right direction of will it kind of be in line with the current contract or a little below?
James H. Miller: Well, it's hard on the coal contract, rail contract first, really hard to predict at the moment. We are, as you pointed out, in negotiation. So I really prefer not to comment on that. But on the hedges for 2014, we do have an open book for 2014. I think we're going to wait and see how that CSAPR regulations really translate into market prices, as well as keep a close eye on natural gas prices, and I think we'll have a better feel for that, of course, once we get into early 2012.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess maybe changing focus a little bit. So on Kentucky, can you kind of offer a little more color on what's going on there, and just kind of what the dialogue is on the ground? And are they looking at maybe considering less retrofits in favor of new gas? Or to maybe do a little more purchase power versus rate pacing?
James H. Miller: No, I think, Kevin, the plan that we filed both with respect to the certificate that Bill mentioned for the gas-fired generation, when you combine that filing with the IRP and with the ECR, everything that we've contemplated in that consolidated set of filings brings together the lease costs compliance program for the consumer. If we were to retire more generation on an NPB basis, that would result, in our view, in a much higher cost for the consumer. And that last plant that cleared the hurdle, if you will, in terms of making retrofits, again on an NPB basis, would not result in the most economic decision on the behalf of the customers. So I think we're in good shape there. So as it relates to the consumer end of it, it's the right decision and we're simply going through that ECR filing, we'll get the certificate in April of next year. But the ECR should be done by mid-December this year. And that -- those hearings are going to take place in the next couple of days here, that 2-day hearing starting on the 9th of November fully as expected. So that's pretty much by way an update.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Will the ultimate level of the ECR ROE be subject to this filing, or is that a different process?
James H. Miller: I mean, the ROE is susceptible to being addressed. But again, as we look at where the movements have gone, both with respect to the GRC ROEs and the ECR ROEs, they've moved on a modest basis over past cycles. And we wouldn't expect anything different here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with Ticonderoga.
Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Can you give us any sense in the U.K. what the bonus revenue situation is looking like for 2012?
James H. Miller: Yes, we got the results signed off by Ofgem in September. And on a consolidated U.K. basis, it's approximately $30 million that will begin to be collected April 1 of next year through 3/31 of 2013, slightly ahead for both the WPD legacy component, as well as the acquired utility as to what we thought would be our -- then again, recognize that we got a substantial amount, I believe it was almost GBP 50 million of upfront revenue bonus for the legacy WPD property in the filing for accepting tougher in the press control review decision by accepting tougher targets. So it'll be you have to combine, for legacy WPD, both the upfront award and the interim bonus to be able to get the total award, if you will.
Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Just to be clear on that, so the legacy award is already in place. So that's showing up in current earnings and then there'll be another 30?
James H. Miller: Well, for both utilities, we [indiscernible] signed off on in September of last year is being earned April 1 this year to 3/31 of '12. That will fall away then, and then the bonus outcome that was awarded or determined, if you will, in the September sign-off this year will kick in and will begin to earn those revenue bonuses. We actually have a chart where you'll see the revenue bonuses for legacy and for Midlands that goes back over the past, I think it's 6 or 7 years.
Kit Konolige - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Very good, okay. And just -- I'm being dense on this, I know. So is the change in next April when the next round kicks in, is that a negative delta at that point?
Paul Farr: No, it should be a positive delta because the outcome at WPD legacy, net-net decrease was, I believe, offset by the increase that we saw at Midlands. Midlands saw improved performance from the prior owner that we inherited as this outcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: When you upped your midpoint guidance, does that incorporate the impact of the recent storms? Or are you going to carve that out as a special item?
Paul Farr: It's included in the results for Q3. There was $0.01 or $0.02 of impact in EU within the quarter that was again in excess of -- from an expense perspective, in excess of the insurance limits under the policy that we got for that program. So we would expect to carve out that, plus the impact that we're going to experience here in Q4 within Q4. And again, we'd expect to defer the cost. In fact, there was a filing already made for the Irene cost, and we'll be making likely a subsequent filing for deferral for the Halloween storm.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And if HB 1294 were to pass in this present form, can you kind of give us a sense of what the impact would be from a lag standpoint?
James H. Miller: Well, I think, it's hard to tell. But we like the current form. I think it's in good shape for what we had hoped to achieve. And I think our expectation would be to get something that looked more like [indiscernible] formula rate-type mechanism in place. But until we see the final bill and it's approved by the governor’s office, we'll make subsequent filings and adjust as we need to.
Paul Farr: We wouldn't expect, Paul, that we have a material adjustment to our forecast of the CapEx until we get out until at least '13 or early '14, just given the amount of activity that's currently going on in transmission work both with respect to Susquehanna-Roseland, as well as several other material projects like -- I wouldn't expect in terms of the impact on the lag that we'd see that; one until we get it approved as part of a filing next year for our D rate case, and then two, until we adjust the actual CapEx spending plan.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then, what are the drivers you indicated? Supply was improved, trading and marketing? Can you kind of give us bookends as to how much that improved?
William H. Spence: Sure. As we mentioned on the previous call, we had planned about $40 million in the marketing and trading arena and we were slightly ahead of that coming out of the second quarter. We added to that probably another $10 million to $20 million during the third quarter. So the favorable market conditions gave us some opportunities, particularly around our mid-merit assets. As Paul mentioned in his opening remarks, the low-volume contracts that we had performed better than expected, even though they're fairly small compared to -- and we have had very positive experience with our retail book. You may recall that we started more aggressively selling in the PPL and other Pennsylvania territories locally here to mass-market as well as C&I customers.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And as much as a federal rapid response is an oxymoron, how incrementally positive do you think Susquehanna-Roseland being added to that is?
William H. Spence: Well, I think it does add a considerable amount of weight behind our project. And there's just a few projects that are included on that list and we're happy that ours is one of them. But I think it illustrates the importance of that line to the regions. So we feel good about it, and think it is a real positive.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You have a high degree of confidence in the spring of '15?
William H. Spence: We do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Bill Appicelli with ISI Group.
William Appicelli - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question regarding the organizational structure and rework cost, the $102 million pretax. You made some commentary that things are going better there. How does that number stack up with what you guys had thought back in April?
Paul Farr: We had thought back in April, I think the numbers we outlined was $109 million of cost this year and $36 million next year. So it's going to be around $145 million. 85% of that number was going to be roughly be redundancy cost, and the balance will be basically IT infrastructure spending plus a few other items. And as Jim mentioned, I think we'll come in at modestly below the cost expectation for both this year and next. And that I would expect that we would be able to slightly or modestly outperform some of the synergy numbers that we outlined, given that the amount of cost that we're taking out is slightly ahead of plan as well.
William Appicelli - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. But you still feel comfortable with the net income targets that you gave back in the roadshow that those are achievable? And if not, maybe some upside?
Paul Farr: Yes, very. And again, I think you need to factor in the comments that I made back and it was -- might have been Kit that asked. I forget who that -- we did not embed the $40 million pretax of revenue bonus for the '13, '14 fiscal year in those numbers. And then again, yes, we're going to be slightly outperforming on a cost basis. Now we do at the local entity levels end up capitalizing quite a bit of cost for construction-related activity, so it doesn't all fall to the bottom line. But there should be some tailwind to those numbers that we provided.
Paul Farr: And then just switching gears, it looks like the hedging profile to the East, amount of -- the volumes hedged in 2012 came down a bit. Is that right? And can you give us some color behind that?
William H. Spence: Yes, we did lower just slightly by about 6% overall. That just really reflects minor adjustments that reflect our view on market and dispatch conditions. Nothing really more than that.
Paul Farr: And to profile, I guess we'd expect to likely close out by the end of the year. We did open up the book a bit to take advantage what we see as an opportunity for some improvement in '12 pricing.
James H. Miller: And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, and Paul reiterated, we would expect to be close to 100% by the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Paul, just based on your hedges and capacity prices and everything, is it fair to say that the generation earnings will have their, I guess, their low point next year, and from there it should be a positive trajectory?
Paul Farr: Yes, when you look at the effective gas prices that the hedges are at, I would think that's reasonable. Obviously, total margins are dependent upon power and that curve is in contango. And as Bill mentioned, we're pretty much fully opened in the East from '14 and beyond. So generally, I would expect that just marking it to a curve and with what we think will happen and what we've already booked in terms of added outcomes and capacity auctions, I think that's pretty accurate.
James H. Miller: If you look at the energy-only, setting aside capacity for a moment, the energy-only and the average hedge prices for '12 and '13 are pretty consistent. So energy-only would be, if these prices hold, would be relatively flat, and then you're left with capacity price increase.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And then does Midlands -- can I ask you, so how much of accretion should we expect this year? I mean, there was a pretty strong accretion in the third quarter. What is accretion level expected this year, can I ask?
Paul Farr: When announced the transaction, it was $0.10 to $0.15. I think we're probably moving slightly ahead of that, the midpoint of that figure at this point. But I would expect that range to hold. We're maybe at the upper end, but that's the range.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And then finally if I can ask, Paul, how are you all taking the currency risk? Are you -- for next year, could you just go over how you're hedging your currency going forward?
Paul Farr: Yes, very consistent with what we've done in the past. And that is as we approach the end of the year and get into the beginning of a year, we try to be approximately 75% hedged on translating that year's earnings, so we can provide a narrower guidance range. We're basically at those levels already for next year. We've done a decent amount of color. If we mark those all at the floors of the colors, probably in the -- what we have hedged in the $1.59-ish type range for next year on that 75%, we use $1.60 for sterling in the net income numbers for '12 that we gave in the roadshow materials. So pretty much right on top of that. You can see where we sit today at a $1.60, $1.61 where we stand from a frontline basis. So we're right in line with those numbers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions in queue.
James H. Miller: Okay. Well, I thank you all for joining us this morning. I know there's a number of calls this morning. So we feel very good about a strong quarter and working towards finalizing this year's earnings. And we're very pleased with our status of our acquisitions. And as well, we're very pleased with the potential we see in the U.K. for our bonus situation. So thanks again, and see you at EEI.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Miller - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee and President of Ppl Energy Supply Joe Bergstein -  William Spence - President and Chief Operating officer
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Lauren Duke - Deutsche Bank AG Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc. Tom O'Neil Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Sean, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Joe Bergstein, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference call.
Joe Bergstein: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman and CEO.
James Miller: Okay. Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. And with me today, as usual, I have Bill Spence, our now President and COO; and Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer. And a quick congratulations to Bill. As we've expanded the company, Bill will certainly be busy with working with the 2 new acquisitions in Kentucky and in the U.K., and we look forward to really driving significant value out of those 2 businesses as we've grown the company.  Always, we'll cover some brief remarks by myself. Paul Farr will go through our detailed financials, and Bill will go through the operational aspects, and then we'll go to Q&A. So with that, as you've seen by now in the announcement this morning, reported earnings of $0.35 per share, up from $0.22 a year ago. For the first half of the year, our reported earnings were $1.14 per share compared to $0.88 for the same period last year. Ongoing earnings for the second quarter were $0.45 per share versus $0.62 in the second quarter last year. And ongoing earnings for the first half of 2011 were $1.26 per share compared to $1.56 in 2010.  The 2011 earnings performance was driven by the contribution of our Kentucky-regulated segment, strong International segment performance and by the PPL Electric Utilities distribution and rate increase that took effect January 1 this year. These improvements, however, were more than offset by lower energy margins in our Supply segment, driven by higher-priced hedges rolling off, as well as unplanned outages to replace turbine blades at our Susquehanna nuclear units and dilution from the equity issued to finance our 2 large regulated utility acquisitions.  During the second quarter, we did successfully complete the permanent financing for the Midlands acquisition, and the integration of this business is proceeding according to plan. While the integration is still at a relatively early stage, we've already seen positive movement in key operational metrics and financial results in the first 4 months of ownership.  For example, prior to our acquisition, fewer than 65% of Midlands' customers had power restored in under 60 minutes following a high-voltage outage. By June, we'd restored power following such an outage to more than 75% of customers in less than 60 minutes. This is only one statistic, but it's representative of the value our U.K. team is already delivering to the customers in the U.K.  Moving to Slide 5. Today, we’re reaffirming our 2011 forecast of $2.50 to $2.75 per share in earnings for ongoing operations. I feel very good about our prospects for the year as we expect to largely mitigate the $60 million to $65 million earnings impact of the Susquehanna outages with strong performance from our U.K. business and positive results in other aspects of our competitive Supply business.  Our ability to absorb the impact of such a significant unplanned event illustrates the value of our larger business platform. And we expect the planned significant regulated infrastructure investment will lead to sustained growth in each of our regulated businesses for years to come.  Our compound annual growth rate in the consolidated regulated asset base is about 9% over the next 5 years. And more than 2/3 of our planned capital spend will be made under structures that allow for near-realtime recovery of those expenditures.  Beyond the attractive growth in our regulated businesses, the Supply segment remains well-positioned for the eventual rebound of competitive wholesale capacity and power prices. We now believe this rebound could even occur sooner than we previously expected. The recent finalization of cross-state air pollution rules, the firming spark spreads and the potential for a recovering economy point to higher power prices beginning in late 2013 or early 2014.  So before turning it over to Paul, let me say that I'm very optimistic about the short- and long-term prospects for PPL. We've completed the 2 major acquisitions that allowed us to reposition our portfolio, and we've created a larger, stronger enterprise. So I look forward to the questions after we hear from Paul and Bill on the operational side. Now, I'll turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Farr: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, all. Let's move to Slide 6 to review our second quarter financial results.  Second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were lower than last year, primarily due to dilution resulting from the common stock issued in June 2010 and April 2011 to fund our 2 large acquisitions and lower margins at our Supply segment. These drivers were partially offset by the operating results of the acquired utilities and the impact of the PPL EU distribution rate increase that Jim referred to already.  While there is no comparator for 2010 performance for Kentucky as the deal hadn't yet closed for this period, I'd like to highlight that the Kentucky segment earnings include the operating results of KU and LG&E, interest expense associated with the 2010 equity unit issuance and dilution of $0.02 per share.  Let's move to the International segment earnings drivers on Slide 7. Our International regulated segment earned $0.21 per share in the second quarter, a $0.06 increase over last year. This performance was the net result of the operating results of the Midlands utilities, including interest expense of $0.02 per share associated with the 2011 equity unit issuance and the bridge facility draw.  Higher earnings at WPD's legacy business is resulting from higher delivery revenue, primarily due to higher prices, higher interest expense and our index-linked bonds, higher income taxes and dilution of $0.10 per share.  Moving on to Slide 8. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.06 per share in the second quarter of 2011, a $0.02 increase over last year. This increase was the net result of higher delivery margins, primarily due to the new distribution rate that went into effect on Jan 1, and higher transmission revenue due to both increased rate base and cost of capital benefits from additional equity investment there. Lower O&M expense and dilution of $0.03 per share.  Turning now to Supply. This segment earned $0.12 per share in the second quarter, a decrease of $0.31 per share compared to last year. The primary drivers of the lower Q2 earnings were the timing of Susquehanna's planned refueling and upgrade outage and the financial impact of unplanned turbine blade replacement outages that affected both units.  This quarter was also impacted by anticipated lower energy and capacity prices in the East as hedges rolled off and higher delivered coal prices. Partially offsetting the negative drivers were higher margins on full-requirement sales contracts and better runtimes and margins from our intermediate and peaking units. And finally, dilution impacted the segment by $0.06 per share.  On Slide 10, we've updated our projected 2011 free cash flow before dividends forecast. This graph excluded the impact of the Midlands purchase as we're finalizing some of those details now. The change in cash from operations for 2011 since the first quarter earnings call is primarily driven by a higher-than-expected return of collateral to third parties, higher non-cash income items and an additional pension payment at WPD. Cash flows are also impacted by slightly lower projected capital expenditures.  Turning to Slide 11. We continue to focus on the dividend as a key obvious element of total shareowner return. We're very well positioned to cover the dividend out of rate-regulated business earnings, as we indicate on the slide, and clearly, the combination of the Midlands acquisition and the growth prospects of our utility businesses permit dividend flexibility into the future.  Now I'll turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations.
William Spence: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 12 now and start with an operational review of the second quarter. In Kentucky, LG&E and KU both made environmental cost recovery, or ECR filings, with the Kentucky PSC in June. These filings cover a total of $2.5 billion of environmental costs, primarily as a result of the new EPA regulations. The proceeding is underway, and we are in the discovery phase of the process. We'd expect a decision by the KPSC by year end.  Moving to the Supply segment. Both units at our Susquehanna nuclear facility returned to service following the unplanned turbine blade replacement outages. The units are running at full output and were online during the recent extreme hot weather we experienced in the region. With the update to Susquehanna Unit 2, we are now operating the 2 largest boiling water reactors in the U.S. In total, we have added another 217 megawatts at Susquehanna.  As noted in an 8-K filed with the SEC, PPL discovered several cracked blades during a scheduled inspection of its low-pressure turbines during Unit 2's planned outage. Conservative actions were taken to not only replace several blade rows on Unit 2, but also to take Unit 1 offline for an inspection where similar cracking was discovered. PPL has installed enhanced monitoring equipment to help determine the cause of the blade cracking.  Moving on to coal-related issues. As you know, the EPA recently finalized the CSAPR rules related to sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide emissions. The rules apply to fossil fuel power plants in 28 states, including Pennsylvania and Kentucky. Montana is not affected by these rules. The competitive supply segment's compliance strategy for meeting the emission requirements of the former care rules have positioned the company well to meet the new CSAPR requirements.  Since 2005, about $1.6 billion has been invested in environmental upgrades at our coal-fired plants in Pennsylvania and Montana, including $1.3 billion for scrubbers at the Keystone, Montour and Brunner Island plants. We continued to evaluate the timing for a potential addition of an FDR [ph] at Brunner Island. The cost of this is included in the CapEx plans we provided to you in the past and in the appendix to today's presentation.  Overall, we do not see the need to increase capital expenditures to comply with the CSAPR requirements. Overall, PPL's competitive supply fleet is well-positioned with respect to these roles and can clearly benefit from coal plant retirements that will tighten up the supply situation in PJM. We would expect to begin seeing benefits to our fleet by 2014.  Let's move to Slide 13 for an update on the international regulated segment. The synergy plan for the integration of the Midlands operation is on track, and the organizational structure and reorganization plans have been finalized. We are in the process of implementing our organizational plans to ensure the most efficient operations possible. The transition will result in a smaller support structure, the elimination of duplicate work and the implementation of streamlined work procedures. We plan to complete the vast majority of the organizational and system changes during the fourth quarter.  Moving to Slide 14, we've outlined sales volumes by major customer class for Kentucky. Slower-than-expected economic growth lowered energy sales over the past year, and it’s apparent in the second quarter of 2011 compared to the second quarter of 2010. In Kentucky, real disposable income decreased as inflation has outpaced income growth. And unemployment in the state continues to be above the national average.  As a result, the number of residential customers is essentially flat year-over-year, and average consumption per customer is slightly down. While some indications have been hopeful for the commercial sector in Kentucky, commercial electricity sales indicate relatively slow economic growth.  In the industrial segment, Q2 sales in '11 were lower than prior year due mainly to customer-specific factory issues. Industrial sales are up for the 12-month period ended June 30, 2011, versus the same period a year ago due to increased production over that period from a couple of the utilities' largest customers.  Moving to Slide 15. We provide details on sales volume variances for PPL Electric Utilities. Weather-normalized residential sales were higher for the quarter compared to the prior year due to modest load growth and the addition of new customers. This was partially offset by the effect of higher energy prices on sales and increased energy efficiency and conservation. Commercial and industrial sales were higher for the quarter, reflecting gradual, economic recovery in the region.  For the full year 2011, we project overall load growth between 1% and 2%, driven primarily by higher residential, industrial and commercial sales.  On Slide 16, we provide our normal detail on the competitive supply segment hedges. The baseload hedge levels and prices for 2011 are essentially the same as our first quarter disclosure. We have adjusted our expected output levels for '11 to reflect actual results through June and our forecast for the remainder of the year. The decline in our expected Eastern baseload generation is primarily driven by the Susquehanna nuclear outage, which is partially offset by higher intermediate and peaking generation.  The expected Western generation reflects lower coal generation, partially offset by higher hydro generation due to above-normal river flows in the Pacific Northwest.  During the quarter, we layered on additional power hedges in the East for 2012 and 2013, which we are providing today for the first time. As you can see, our 2013 hedge profile is approximately 70%. By the end of 2012, we would have expected to be 60% to 90% hedged for 2013.  We're obviously currently ahead of that schedule, as we took advantage of recent power price rallies motivated by firming gas forwards, as well as impacts from EPA's CSAPR. Most of the 2013 hedges were done with collars, so we stand to capture upside on these hedges if prices move higher, but we have protected against the downside if CSAPR is delayed or forward natural gas price has softened. That said, 30% of our projected baseload production and 80% of our gas forward [ph] capacity stands poised to capture the full benefits of any further strengthening of power prices in the 2013 delivery year.  As 2014 comes on the horizon, we are essentially fully open and are of the view that the confluence of the CSAPR implementation, prospects for better economic recovery and firming gas prices will reduce reserve margins and further expand heat rates. Our generation business is expected to do very well in that environment.  Now let me turn the call back to Jim, and I look forward to your questions.
James Miller: Okay, thanks, Bill. So operator, let's move into the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question in the queue comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a quick question on, I guess, the updated hedge disclosures on Slide 16. Does your, I guess, new or updated hedge prices, does that include any kind of, I guess, basis spread to the PJM West Hub, or are these are all just kind of your hedged prices at the West Hub?
William Spence: These would be essentially all prices at the West Hub, yes. And as I've indicated on prior calls, our expectation is for basis to be flat in the next several years to the West Hub, our generating units to West Hub.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I just noticed that, I guess, you're still under negotiations for kind of the rail or, I guess, the coal portion of your 2013 fuel needs. But when do you think you might have an update on how that has kind of proceeded?
William Spence: Sure. It is primarily driven by the negotiations underway on the rail contract with NS. And we would hope that, perhaps, by the end of the year, we would be in a position to report out on 2013 hedges for the East.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just real quickly on, I guess, the integration of Central Networks. I was just wondering when you might have, I guess, a firmer handle on, I guess, on what sort of kind of a severance costs that you will incur and when you might be able to provide, I guess, an update on kind of the synergies that you outlined when you announced the transaction?
Paul Farr: Yes. Ameet, this is Paul. We'll probably be in a position to do that when we announce Q3 earnings. We would expect to have most of the system's implementation and organizational implementation done by early in the fourth quarter. If it's not at that time, it would be shortly thereafter. The problem is that, and I shouldn't say problem, but there's a big range of outcomes depending upon the years of service and the age of the personnel in the 600 to 800 people that leave organization. You'll notice, when you look at the Q, that we've given, so that people didn't think it was an uncapped number, if you will, in terms of exposure, that at the extreme, meaning if 800 people would leave, and they’re the 800 people that have the longest tenure with the organization and the highest age, it could be up to $120 million for that element. And I think we gave a number of around $110 million in the road show deck that included the ITPs as well. But if you go to the other end of the spectrum and it's younger folks that have fewer, less time in the organization, it could be less than $10 million. So it's a broad range that's heavily dependent upon who actually departs.
Ameet Thakkar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, and sorry, one last question on the hedges. Does that include any kind of full requirements premium? And I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that some of the offset to the outages was from full requirements business? I thought you guys had kind of participated less in full requirements auctions?
William Spence: You are correct, we have participated much less. Most of the full requirements contracts that we do have are legacy contracts that are rolling off this year, or they're short-term contracts. In the new hedge disclosures for 2013, there are essentially no full requirement contracts in there. If there are any, it would be very small.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The collars that you have on the hedges for 2013, you've got upside participation. Is there any downside participation? I mean, you mentioned protection, but I mean, if prices go down, could the number go down?
William Spence: Well, the range that we've provided there I think captures essentially both the upside and the downside there. So the $53 and $56 in the East. That range, I think, captures pretty much the downside. So I think while it could go down a little bit more, if you get on the tail of the distribution, we feel pretty good about the lower end of $53.
Paul Farr: And that $53, Paul, would be if all the collars price at the bottom end of the range. Because we obviously enter into these at different times, and the same thing with the upside at $56 if everything hit at the top end of the range.
William Spence: Right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And where is it right now, I guess? I mean, I guess we can sort of look it up, but I'm just wondering sort of -- because obviously, they're different products and what have you, I would think. Where would you be, I guess, in the range right now?
William Spence: I would say probably towards the lower end, just with, I guess, as of yesterday, coming off in '13 by about 2% and based on where we set the hedges at a very favorable price. But we'd probably still be towards the lower end of that. But I think we feel really good about it. And as of the end of the second quarter, the hedges were $200 million in the money. And I would suspect that, as of today, they're even further in the money. So I think they're very favorably priced hedges.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Now, on weather. I'm sorry that I missed this, but what was the weather impact for the year-to-date versus normal? In other words, I mean -- because I mean, we look at some of these, the Kentucky numbers and stuff, I assumed, maybe or maybe not, that there's some weather perhaps in there that -- just wondering whether or not there's a potential, how we stand in terms of the weather performance?
William Spence: Yes. Well, the charts are weather-normalized. But on the chart, you...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Oh, are they?
William Spence: Yes, yes. So they're already weather-normalized. But if you can see in the detail below the chart, the actuals. So the actuals, because of unfavorable weather, were actually more negative than the weather-normalized in the case of Kentucky.
Paul Farr: Yes. Kentucky's off by a $0.01 or $0.02 versus plan because of weather, offset a very modest amount by some additional off-system sales.
William Spence: And in the case of Pennsylvania, it's the opposite. The actual weather was more favorable than the weather-normalized. So it's a little different geography obviously.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then on the trading and marketing, are we still, I think, what was it, $40 million that you guys were expecting for 2011?
William Spence: Yes. We're still tracking well to that, probably ahead of that at this point.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then any change with the CSAPR and stuff maybe for 2014 and stuff?
William Spence: No. I think we still -- as Jim mentioned and I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're still looking at 2014 as the years that a lot of the retirements begin to take effect. The emission credits begin to get priced into power. So we're looking at '13 as the transition year to the higher prices in '14.
James Miller: There are no trades yet that have obviously taken place, and there's real big bid offers on those. So it's clear when you look at the pricing that it looks like most is on the bid side and not the offer. So we do think that there's clearly more upside to those margins and to those prices as transactions actually take place and allowances get allocated.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: When we look at the decline in industrial demand in Kentucky, can you give us a little more color as to specifically what sectors of the industrial segment there are pulling back year-over-year?
William Spence: Sure. If you're looking specifically, Greg, at the second quarter, those were really driven by 2 things. One was auto manufacturing production levels, a little bit less than the year prior. And there was also one of the largest customers of the Kentucky utilities that had a fire and shut down the plant completely. So those are really the specific factory issues that I mentioned in the opening comments. So I think it’s more helpful to probably look at the year-over-year numbers. And I believe we still feel that the production levels on the auto will come back up to higher levels. And we're probably tracking still on the favorable side on the industrial sales.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Is that factory that had a fire coming back? Or is it shut permanently?
Paul Farr: It's coming back. It was a 40-megawatt load pre the explosion, the carbide plant, and it's coming back at 25 megawatts early next year. So it will be down a bit. All of this obviously gets socialized out once we get a rate case, but it does have a near-term impact.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Great. And then you may have answered this before, so I apologize. But in the press release, you talk about “offsetting the Susquehanna outage in other aspects of your competitive supply business.” Can you extrapolate on that a bit?
William Spence: Sure. A couple of things there. One is the performance of our peaking and intermediate units during the outages, performed very well, and we captured additional margins that weren't in our plan to help offset that. Our marketing and trading activities have been very strong. As Paul mentioned in his remarks, our full requirements contracts, those that are left, have been performing very well. So a number of things like that have really helped offset what otherwise was obviously a big hole that we had to fill.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then you also say that -- strong performance from the U.K. business. So when I think about trying to model this going forward, clearly, those things that are happening to offset Susquehanna might not be structurally repeatable. We know that what's happening in Kentucky is kind of, hopefully, just a little bit of a speed bump between rate cases at least and -- but on the U.K. side, should we presume that the positive performance relative to your plan is sort of -- we can count on that as a base off of which you'll then sort of grow the business into next year?
Paul Farr: Yes, we're great. We're...
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Clearly, there are one-time items there that are not structural.
Paul Farr: No. What we're trying to do is -- when we came up with the acquisition pro forma, it was actually a relatively high level on an annual basis. And we're trying to determine whether the monthly data that we're seeing is going to be consistent and repeatable into the future. We had debated, actually, pulling back again and giving you the sensitivity analysis that we did at year end around the new consolidated bigger business. We're going to try to do that at the end of Q3 so that you've got a basis for being able to do the modeling. But we're clearly hopeful that this is performance that can be repeated.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. So better-than-expected, but for now, you want to see if it’s -- there’s some follow through?
Paul Farr: Yes. We just got to get through the monthly analysis. We do have the annual data now completed in terms of the quality of service performance for both the legacy and the acquired business, and we'll be analyzing that and finishing the audits with option and be able to report on that at the end of Q3, the outcome in terms of bonus revenues for next year on both pieces as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Real quick question on Pennsylvania demand at your regulated business. A little surprising, the weather-norm data in the quarter. Positively surprising, given what some of your peers in the state -- like, I'll give an example, PECO's weather-normalized demand was pretty modest at best. Just curious, what are you guys seeing both on the residential side and on the industrial side in Pennsylvania that some of the others in the state may not be?
William Spence: Well, I think as I mentioned earlier, Michael, I wouldn't focus a lot of attention just on a quarterly number, because there are individual-specific industry events, industrial customers, for example, that move in and out quarterly. So I would focus more on the 12 months ended figures, which are on the bottom chart there. But I think relative to Kentucky, for example, the unemployment rate in Pennsylvania is better than the national average where it's actually the reverse in Kentucky. I don't know that there's anything structurally different in our service territory than in the PECO territory. The one caveat or exception to that is the Marcellus Shale drilling. There is some infrastructure being built in a very small section of our Western territory that is seeing positive impact as a result of some more housing starts and other services coming into that territory. But we're on the very fringe of that, so I wouldn't expect that to drive the numbers significantly. But as I mentioned in my remarks, we are expecting about a 1% to 2% load growth year-over-year by year end.
Paul Farr: [indiscernible]
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And a follow-up question, unrelated. Since the environmental rules started coming out, meaning, with MAAC coming out in the spring and CSAPR in the summer, just curious, is there any different tone in the discussions with the coal suppliers about pricing? Meaning, everybody can look at what the financial forwards are, but pricing that could be a decent bit below that if you're willing to lock up supply if you have scrubbed assets?
William Spence: Well, I think everyone is following the impact of it. I think in terms of just the overall big picture, clearly, compared to where we were in 2007 and '08, our prices, even though they looked to be much or somewhat improved, if not much improved, by '13, '14, '15. They're still low relative to those historical periods. So clearly, as we look at the economics of our coal plants, there are still some challenges out there. So I think both the coal suppliers as well as the rail companies recognize the challenges that are there. I think the bigger driver to the energy price at the end of the day is really going to be, and Paul mentioned this, the SO2 and the NOx emissions credit levels. And we're assuming what could be a little bit on the low side, about $1,400 a ton on the SO2 side and about $500 on the NOx side. And we've seen some pretty big spreads out there, upwards of $5,000 in the SO2 case and $9,000 on the NOx case. So I think that's probably, at the end of the day, going to be a key driver to how much lift we see in prices when we get out to the '13, '14 timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: First, with respect to Susquehanna, did I -- if you read between the lines there, did you say $60 million to $65 million now versus a prior of $50 million to $60 million in terms of the ultimate impact?
Paul Farr: Yes. Correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: What drove just the incremental there? Was it versus power?
William Spence: Yes, it was just what -- the ultimate power prices wound up being a lost opportunity. About 90% of the cost that we experienced, if you will, was margin-related or margin losses. The rest was O&M related.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: Great. And then secondly, if I can read between the lines on your comments on CSAPR, you've locked up more on '13. Is that more to say less positive on the earlier stages of CSAPR and more bullish on, call it, the second half or stage 2?
William Spence: Yes. I think that's right. And also, as I mentioned, we think '13 is really a transition year, and there's still volatility out there. I mean, just looking at what happened in the markets yesterday, both the stock market, driven by the economy, and then the commodity markets yesterday, it continues to be volatile. So recognizing that and seeing that we had a couple of rallies in the quarter, second quarter, we're able to take advantage of that and lock in what we thought were pretty decent prices for '13. And as I mentioned, we've still got the upside from the collars and the open positions for the rest of the fleet in '13. And then '14 is essentially all fully open.
Paul Farr: And Julien, what I would say -- and while I wouldn't say these moves would be dramatic, I wouldn't look at what our hedged levels are as simply being a steady march up. To the extent that we're able to layer in hedges at very good prices, and we see weakness in the market, you could see a quarter-on-quarter movement where the numbers would move down. So I wouldn't look at it as, we just simply lock and then never touch them again either. So we do look to take advantage of the portfolio as we move through time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank: Great. And then finally, it looks like the projected rate base numbers have ticked up just a bit here. Is all of the Kentucky CapEx at this point baked into your projections? I mean, what changed quarter-on-quarter, perhaps addressing Kentucky specifically?
Paul Farr: At the end of the day, it was very small movements. Everything that we can see from a Kentucky perspective is in there. Everything that we see from a Pennsylvania perspective if we're evaluating the likelihood of an alternative rate mechanism and creating some attractiveness for an additional spend is in there. All of the hydro projects are bullish. They both all are on-budget and on-schedule. So we don't see any deviations there. Small movements as we look through time on maintenance CapEx around the Supply business. Those get moderated a little bit as we get new numbers, but no big movements.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marc de Croisset from FBR Capital Markets.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just a couple of questions on Kentucky. Are you able to kind of have a sense of what the trailing ROEs are in Kentucky?
Paul Farr: Yes. We don't typically report on a quarterly basis on that. And it's difficult because we've only owned the asset for a very short period of time. I think what we've indicated in the past is, and I know this isn't really answering your question narrowly, but clearly, when we see ROE dip down into the low 9 range, we'd be expected to go in for a rate case. It's a little bit of an artificial period now because of the agreed stay out. But we are seeing some softness from a sales perspective. We're doing what we can from a cost standpoint to try to recoup some of that lost value there. But we don't report on a quarterly basis, and we've got new financing in versus the legacy financing that E.ON had. So even looking back 12 months when we've done on a dead IPO, we've recapped the entities, it wouldn't be a very good comparator to mix part our capital structure, part the legacy.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Right. Understood. And do you have a sense though how that business might -- how it's going to operate with CSAPR in 2012? Are the Kentucky utilities going to be -- will they need credits? Will they -- how will they comply with the CSAPR rules in 2012?
William Spence: Well, I don't think -- first off, yes, I think we've got everything built into our plans that we know about right now relative to CSAPR. And we think that's pretty solid. I can't see anything unforeseen if that's kind of what you're looking at.
Marc de Croisset - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, I was just getting a sense for whether or not they were generally in compliance, the -- my general sense about Kentucky is that the SO2 reductions, I think it’s in Kentucky, tend to be pretty tough as well. And I was wondering how the utilities were positioned to adapt to that.
William Spence: Well, yes, it's a good question. I think in general, for the larger stations, we have a lot of equipment on there. There are couple of stations where we're going to have to upgrade for SO2 compliance. But the bulk of the investments are really going to be on bag houses to deal with mercury and particulates in addition to some SCR-type equipment. But overall, we've tried to include in the ECR filing everything that we believe is going to maintain our compliance. We did also indicate earlier in an IRP, integrated resource plan find, that there could be up to about 800 megawatts of generation that would potentially be retired that probably would not be economic to put on environmental controls to comply.
Paul Farr: A couple of those large units that have to have that first generation set of scrubbers replaced with new generation to the extent that -- and as they look at the economic generation, it's absolutely the lowest-cost generation that goes to a certain customer base. The entities are now a net long generation with a 600 megawatts net to their interest coming from the 800-megawatt Trimble County 2 Unit, which is fully scrubbed with current compliant scrubbers would be able to satisfy that load. So if there's any impact, it would likely potentially be a smaller amount of off-system sales. And it shouldn't be -- we shouldn't be seeing anything from a cost perspective that's not recoverable from the customer, even in the short term like 2012 that would be meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: What are you seeing with regards to shopping in Pennsylvania?
William Spence: Yes, shopping does continue in our territory to increase where we're -- as of the end of last month, at about 550,000 customers shopping, representing, I believe, about 72% or 73% of the total retail loads. So most of the -- of course, the C&I customers have been shopping for quite some time. So we're up to -- continuing to see shopping go forward. And I think it's -- well, it's probably leveled off somewhat. It's still incrementally expanding.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Just switching gears to U.K. A lot of -- why Midlands made sense was the back leverage. I mean, is that fully set up? Is there more potential upside from financing creativity you could do there?
Paul Farr: I don't think there's any more from financing creativity. We'll obviously continue to work on, over the long-term, kind of tax strategies around repatriation. But we basically mimicked the legacy WPD debt structure with 80% debt to RAV. When you combine opco debt with the holdco debt, that's kind of -- in optimized levels and maintain a Baa3 rating, an investment grade rating at the 2 respective holdcos, the one that owns the legacy, the one that owns Midlands. And I wouldn't expect us -- unless the rating agencies would evolve their view over time, to let us put on some additional debt. I think we've been vacillating over the last 6 or 7 years at WPD at between low-70s to low 80% holdco debt to RAV, and I wouldn't expect that we'd be moving meaningfully out of that range. So I think we've optimized as best we can at this point.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung from Goldman Sachs. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz from Seitz Research.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: I just was wondering if the 1% to 2% demand growth includes above normal weather in July?
William Spence: No. That would be weather-normalized growth.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of, again, Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your following question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A real quick question, financing update on the equity side. Can you just provide an update given the slight change you've made in CapEx, et cetera, in terms of your Trimble to your equity financing?
Paul Farr: Yes, it's not in any way meaningfully different than we've disclosed in the past. It might have up-ticked a very small amount. But still, we're talking modest amounts through drip dribble [ph] at the market, late '12, late '13. We kind of got everything that we needed for the 18-month period through the equity raise that we did upsizing that in April. So it's still in that same zip code that we talked about in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivana Ergovic from Jefferies.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I'm just wondering whether you're going to have an extra SO2 allowance to sell now and 2012 and 2013 Pennsylvania given that your generation is current?
William Spence: We do. If you look at the allocations that EPA has provided, we do have excess allowances in '12, but then we are short in '14. There are some limitations on how much we can bank, but our initial strategy would likely be to try to bank those that we can and use them in future periods. For those that are not able to be banked, we would look to sell those.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So what happens in '14? So you would use those from 2012 and 2014 and forward?
William Spence: Correct, to the extent we could. And to the extent they cannot be carried over, then we would sell them in the near term. Meaning, if they're available in '12 and we couldn't carry them to '13, '14, we'd sell them to others that need them.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And what about Kentucky?
William Spence: Kentucky, I believe, is not in a similar position. I believe they were either flat or maybe just slightly over in '12 and then also short allowances in '14.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And is there a deadline by which Kentucky commission has issue a final decision in your environmental rate case?
Paul Farr: In the ECR mechanism, we'd expect a determination late this year in December -- by mid-December.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: But there is no deadline? Or that's the deadline?
Paul Farr: That would be the normal timeline to rule on that filing.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just another quick question. Could you provide some update on your transmission line, Susquehanna-Roseland?
William Spence: Sure. We continue to look for a record of decision in October of next year with construction to begin shortly thereafter. The majority of the construction would be in '14 and '15 with an in-service date targeted around mid-'15.
Paul Farr: We would expect our portion of the line to be completed in the mid-'14 type timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Duke from Deutsche Bank.
Lauren Duke - Deutsche Bank AG: I had a question on the hedging. I know you mentioned that some of the additional hedges were to take advantage of price spikes related to the CSAPR rules. And I was wondering, because it seems -- I know in your slide is says the hedges are as of June 30. So does that just mean you saw some run up ahead of the rule being finalized? Or some of these hedges have taken place after what we see on this slide?
William Spence: No. These would've been put on prior to the end of that quarter. So they do not reflect any activity since the end of the quarter. And we did see prices run up in anticipation of the final rule coming out, even though it didn't come out till July.
Operator: And your next question comments from the line of Tom O'Neil from Green Arrow.
Tom O'Neil: Apologize if I missed this, but on the rail contract that's up for renegotiation, just wondering if you could scope the issue a little bit more for us? Just is this -- like 9 million tons is about the right number? And then just what the current price is?
William Spence: Well, we don't disclose the actual prices. But what we've disclosed in the past is that the rail for contracts for 2011 were expected to be -- they've cost about in the low $20 per ton range. And we would expect -- and that contract ends in 2012. So we're in negotiations in advance of the expiration of that at the end next year. So we still have time on the contract. In terms of anything else, I'd just say we're in discussions right now, and I really don't want to comment much further on it at this point in time.
Tom O'Neil: Okay. And the volume, is that about right?
William Spence: The volume, I believe, is actually a little bit lower than that. I think we're probably talking -- because in our total volumes of 9 million, that includes Keystone and Conemaugh. So I believe it’s about 7 million -- let me just see if I can pick it up before you. I think it's about 7 million tons. It would be like around 8 million tons roughly.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Reza Hatefi from Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: Just another follow-up on Slide 16, the new hedge disclosure for 2013, is that around-the-clock prices for PJM East? Or is it more peak-weighted?
William Spence: It is a combination of peak and off-peak, and it is probably slightly weighted to the on-peak side. So it's kind of a weighted average, and it's not precisely in around-the-clock. But probably a little heavier weighted on the on-peak, but it's not that it's all on-peak clearly.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: And I guess, looking at Slide 20, around-the-clock and PJM in 2013 is about $48, and that's kind of where it's been roughly all year. And you guys were 10% to 15% hedged, I think, coming into the year for 2013? So I guess I'm just trying to figure out what else could have driven that average hedged price to $53 to $56 when 2013 prices have been in the $48 ballpark for this year?
William Spence: Yes. I think it's -- first, you hit on one of them, which is I believe we’re about 20% hedged coming into the year at higher levels than average $48 around-the-clock. So that's one driver. And then the other is just the fact that it's a little bit more heavily weighted to on-peak in terms of the levels of hedging that are included in this number versus off-peak.
Paul Farr: And there were periods, Reza, in the quarter where we did see price spikes that we did take advantage of, $2 to $3 price moves yet. So that does blend in as well, even if they've come back off of those levels. And I think that’s why Bill referenced that when we look at it in total, it's $200 million. Actually, it's slightly more than $200 million in the money as of the end of the quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
James Miller: Okay. Well, thank you all for being on the call. We feel we had a good quarter, very pleased with our performance and the ability to offset some unexpected outages to Susquehanna. Both units are back up running, so we're looking forward to talking to you at the end of the third quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Miller - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and President of PPL Energy Supply Joe Bergstein -  William Spence - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and President of PPL Generation
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Tom O'Neil Unknown Analyst -  Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Martina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Joe Bergstein. You may begin your conference, sir.
Joe Bergstein: Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results and our general business outlook. We're providing slides for this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
James Miller: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining our call. We'll follow the normal practices this morning. I'll provide a general business update and commentary on the first quarter results, and then Paul Farr, our CFO, will provide a little more detail on the financial review. And then Bill Spencer, Chief Operating Officer, will provide you with an operational overview. As always, we look forward to going through some Q&A when we finish our prepared remarks.  Today, we announced a reported earnings of $0.82 per share, up from $0.66 a year ago and ongoing earnings of $0.84 per share versus $0.94 a year ago. On a straight net income basis, which excludes the impact to the equity issuance last June to fund the Kentucky acquisition, reported earnings rose 60%. On an ongoing basis, net income rose 14%. The earnings improvement was driven by the contribution of our Kentucky regulated segment and a PPL Electric Utilities' distribution rate increase that took effect January 1. These improvements were partially offset by expected lower energy margins in our Supply segment as higher priced hedges continue to roll off.  In the first quarter, we also announced and subsequently closed a significant immediate accretive expansion of our electricity delivery business in the United Kingdom. By mid-April, we completed key elements with a permanent financing plan for this acquisition, including the equity portion of the financing and the U.K. holding company debt issuance. Most of the proceeds from these issuances were used to repay a significant portion of the bridge facility that we drew on to close the acquisition. Based on the successful equity issuance, Standard & Poor's took PPL and its rated subsidiaries of negative outlook. We expect the final piece of the permanent financing, the operating company debt issuances will occur next week, enabling final repayment of the bridge facility.  On the integration front for WPD Midlands, all activities are proceeding fully according to plan. We remain on target to achieve our 2011 ongoing earnings forecast, which you remember we increased last month to reflect the expected accretion from this U.K. acquisition. We're forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $2.50 to $2.75 for this year.  Based on the successful acquisitions and permanent financings of our new operations in Kentucky and in the U.K., we've accomplished our strategic objective of achieving a much heavier weighting of rate regulated earnings and cash flow in our business, and significant regulated infrastructure investment should lead to sustained growth in each of our regulated businesses for years to come. Based on needed infrastructure spending in Pennsylvania and the U.K., coupled with updated assessment of Kentucky environmental compliance investments, we now expect our regulated asset base to grow at a compound annual rate of nearly 9% over the next five years. And more than two thirds of our planned CapEx spending in these regulated businesses will be made under regulatory structures that allow for near-realtime recovery of and on those expenditures. So this should give PPL a more predictable and transparent earnings profile going forward.  Based on projected rate base growth, our expectations regarding earned [indiscernible] in the timing of general rate cases, we anticipate that by 2013, a significant majority of our earnings and cash flow will come from our regulated businesses. We've accomplished this de-risking of PPL without giving up the significant upside potential of our competitive generation business and we remain confident that competitive wholesale capacity and power prices will eventually rebound. And when they do, we believe our shareholders will benefit significantly.  This has clearly been a transformational and successful year for PPL. We've migrated from a company with more than 60% of EBITDA dependent on commodity markets to one that will by 2013, derive only 25% of its expected EBITDA from that business. We issued a significant amount of equity and equity units to fund these acquisitions and the response by investors has been very strong.  We're fully committed to delivering the results we've projected into earning appropriate returns in our regulated businesses. A particularly strong response to the most recent equity offering and the performance of our stock price since that offering make it clear to us that investors like the transformed PPL and that they believed we can deliver. And I'm confident that we'll do exactly that.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul for comments on some of the financial results. Paul?
Paul Farr: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 6 to review our first quarter financial results. PPL's first quarter earnings from ongoing operations are higher than last year driven by earnings from the Kentucky segment and the impact of the distribution rate increase at PPL Electric Utilities, partially offset by expected lower energy margins of the Supply segment. Per share earnings from ongoing operations are lower due to dilution of $0.23 per share, driven by the 2010 common stock issuance to fund the Kentucky acquisition. I'd like to highlight that the Kentucky segment earnings include the operating results of the LKE, interest expense associated with the equity to use to finance that acquisition and dilution of $0.04 per share.  Let's move to the International segment earnings drivers on Slide 7. Our International segment earned $0.16 per share in the first quarter, a $0.04 decrease from last year. This performance was the net result of higher delivery revenue, primarily driven by higher prices and a more favorable customer mix, higher interest expense resulting from the GBP 400 million debt issuance in March of last year, higher income taxes and $0.04 of dilution.  Moving to Slide 8. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.11 per share in the first quarter of 2011, a $0.01 increase over last year. This increase was the net result of higher delivery margins primarily due to new distribution base rates that went into effect on January 1 and favorable weather. Higher O&M expenses primarily due to higher plan spending and higher storm response cost, lower income taxes as a result of the state income tax benefit of bonus depreciation and dilution of $0.03 per share.  Turning to Supply. This segment earned $0.42 per share in the first quarter of 2011, a decrease of $0.22 per share compared to last year. The decrease was primarily due to lower energy margins resulting from lower hedge prices in the east and dilution of $0.12 per share.  Turning to Slide 10. We reaffirmed our forecast of $2.50 to $2.75 per share in earnings from ongoing operations. This slide walks you from 2010 actual to forecast 2011, updating the key factors driving the change. We've changed the format of this slide to provide the factors that drive each segment's earnings between 2010 and the midpoint of our 2011 forecast, excluding the impact of dilution, which is broken out separately.  The increase in the Kentucky regulated segment reflects a full year of its earnings results and a full year of interest expense associated with the equity units issued in June 2010 to finance that acquisition. The $0.57 increase in the International regulated segment earnings reflects a partial year of earnings from WPD Midlands and interest expense associated with the equity units issued in April to finance that acquisition. We expect an increase in earnings from the legacy U.K. business, primarily due to higher delivery revenue and a more favorable currency exchange rate, partially offset by higher income taxes, higher depreciation and higher financing costs.  The $0.08 increase from the Pennsylvania regulated segment is primarily due to the distribution rate increase that went into effect on January. We expect the Supply segment to deliver earnings from ongoing operations that are $0.87 per share lower than 2010. This decrease is primarily driven by $0.51 of lower energy margins, including an estimated $20 million to $30 million after tax impact to inspect and repair turbine blades at Susquehanna. Bill will discuss the Susquehanna outage extension in more detail in his remarks.  Also impacting margins are lower electricity prices, lower basis and lower capacity prices in the east and higher delivered fuel cost in the east and west. We also expect higher income taxes primarily due to the 2010 release of Pennsylvania deferred tax valuation allowances at a lower Section 199 benefit. Higher O&M due to increased outage costs at our fossil plants in the east and west. And finally, $0.75 per share of dilution will result from the shares issued to fund both acquisitions.  On Slide 11, we've updated our projected 2011 free cash flow from operations before dividends. The change in cash from operations for 2011 since the year end earnings call is driven by a partial year of earnings from WPD Midlands, offset by acquisition-related expenses, the return of collateral to third parties and the lower-than-expected income tax refunds. The change in free cash flow before dividends is also impacted by a projected capital expenditures of WPD Midlands and the remarketing of pollution control bonds in Kentucky.  Turning to Slide 12. As Jim mentioned earlier, we continue to focus on our dividend as a key element of total shareholder return. Our significantly more rate regulated business platform provides strong support for our current dividend, as well as our future dividend growth. This chart shows the improvement in earnings contribution of our regulated businesses that's a result of the recent acquisitions. Projected ongoing earnings per share from our regulated businesses now more than cover our current dividend and the Midlands acquisition, clearly, permits more dividend flexibility in the future.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations
William Spence: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 13 and start with an operational review of the first quarter.  Overall, we had a very good quarter in all of our business segments but let me start by first addressing the nuclear outage. At our Susquehanna nuclear plant, we're currently in a scheduled outage on Unit #2 and have discovered defective low pressure turbine blades during a planned inspection. Replacement of these blades was not anticipated as part of our original scope, this will extend the unit to outage by an estimated 4 to 6 weeks to ensure safe, reliable operations for the upcoming cycle. As a precaution, we will also bring Susquehanna Unit #1 offline in the coming weeks to do a similar turbine blade inspection. However, given the strong first quarter performance of the Supply segment and based on our preliminary expectations on the length of these outages, we believe that our Supply earnings for 2011 will still be achieved.  Moving to our Kentucky regulated segment, LG&E and KU filed their integrated resource plan or IRP with the Kentucky PSC last week. This plan is provided to the PSC every three years and is intended to give the Commission a poignant time to look at our expectations for resource needs into the future. It does not represent a commitment or a decision by the company nor does it represent a request for approval. The key takeaways from the IRP are: one, average annual low growth of about 1.5%; 500 megawatts of demand side management capability; the closing of three older coal plants with a combined capacity of approximately 800 megawatts due to proposed environmental regulations; and new generation in the form of combined cycle gas units. Our current capital projections are consistent with the IRP. However, prior to moving forward on any resource, we'll have to make additional regulatory filings with the Kentucky Commission. Our revised capital expenditure forecast for LG&E and KU also reflects our projected spending on environmental control equipment to meet the most recent proposed EPA rules. We have informed the Kentucky PSC of our intent to file a new environmental cost recovery or ECR plan to address proposed regulations. That ECR filing is expected to be made in the second quarter.  Finally, KU filed a rate case in Virginia on April 1, requesting a $9.3 million annual revenue increased based on 2010 results and return on equity of 11%. The drivers of the case, are incremental capital investments and recovery of storm-related costs. If approved, the increase will take effect at the beginning of 2012.  Moving to the Pennsylvania regulated segment. PPL Electric Utilities won its ninth J.D. Power and Associates' award for customer satisfaction by business customers. This is PPL Electric Utilities' 17th J.D. Power award, which is more than any other utility in the country. The employees of PPL Electric Utilities, just like our employees in Kentucky and the United Kingdom, take pride in providing the highest level of customer service and we congratulate them on a job well done.  Finally, in our International regulated segment, as you know, we completed the acquisition of the Midlands operations. And as Jim said, the integration process is moving ahead as planned.  Let's move to Slide 14 and take a look at sales volumes in Kentucky. Residential and commercial volumes were down for the quarter due principally to mild weather while industrial volumes increased, reflecting continued economic recovery in the service territory. Volumes for the trailing 12-month period were up across the board, reflecting both economic growth recovery and weather effects.  LG&E and KU had the hottest summer in the past 30 years in 2010 followed by one of the coldest Decembers. The modeled weather-normalized volume reductions in the residential and commercial classes reflect energy efficiency measures which have not yet been offset by customer growth.  For 2011, we're projecting load growth of approximately 1.2% on a weather-normalized basis. However, given the extreme weather in 2010, we're forecasting an actual load decline of 2.4% compared with last year.  Moving to Slide 15. We provide details on sales volume variances for PPL Electric Utilities. Our PA utility has experienced slight growth in industrial sales for the first quarter and trailing 12 months. This industrial demand reflects the gradual economic recovery that we're seeing in the service territory but it still remains below levels prior to the recession. Residential sales are higher on an actual business, reflecting higher weather-related sales compared to the prior period. But on a weather-adjusted basis, we've experienced a decline in sales. The weather-adjusted decline in residential sales is primarily driven by higher energy prices, increased energy efficiency, energy conservation and a slow housing market. For 2011, we project overall load growth of less than 1% with higher industrial and commercial sales partially offset by continued lower residential sales.  On Slide 16, we provide our usual detail on the Supply segment hedges. The baseload hedge levels and prices for 2011 are essentially the same as our fourth quarter disclosure. During this last quarter, we layered on additional power hedges in the east for 2012. Our average hedged price for 2012 has declined somewhat as the recent transactions have been completed at energy prices are lower than previous hedges. Since new hedges were put on at prices near the levels we saw at year end, our internal projections for 2012 total gross margins have not changed materially since the mark at the end of the first quarter 2010.  Now let me turn the call back over to Jim, and we look forward to your questions.
James Miller: Okay, operator. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The turbine blade problem, what caused that? Could you just elaborate a little more on that? I'm sorry, I didn't completely understand that.
Paul Farr: Sure, no problem. We were doing a routine inspection as required by the vendor and we found some cracking on some of the blades. Our initial root cause investigation would suggest that it's fatigue related. We're still looking into the details. But in an abundance of caution, we're actually going to replace all the rows, on any row that showed any blade fatigue or failure. So it's underway as we speak on Unit 2. And as I mentioned, in the remarks, we will be bringing down Unit 1 in the coming weeks and we'll inspect that unit as well.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And what's the cause, I'm sorry, again, that's associated with the maintenance and the capital that you're going to be spending on?
William Spence: The maintenance, the capital, the purchase power, all of the cost of the exercise, if you will, our financial impact of the exercise is $20 million to $30 million after tax with everything that we know right now.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And that includes both units?
Paul Farr: That's correct.
William Spence: That's correct. And as I mentioned, with our strong first quarter performance -- out performance to our internal plan, we think we can fully manage the costs associated with the outage. But wanted to let you know that when you see a press release, the Unit 1 is coming offline, you would have the details in terms of the why.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: That's great. Now the trading and marketing outlook and stuff, has that changed at all?
Paul Farr: No, not at all. We're fully on track to meet our expectations for this year. I believe the total gross margin that we had in the plan was around $40 million for the year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then just to serve market outlook for the non-regulated business, we've got the RPM auction happening pretty soon. Any feelings with the most adjustments that have been made with the effect of brand versus stuff, what's your thinking you might see?
James Miller: Yes, I think our expectation is a clearing price in Mac of around $150 to $200 per megawatt day. That assumes the transmission-related adjustments in the RPM modeling that PGM is undertaking as we speak or running the option, as well as about up to 6,000 megawatts of retirements. As it relates to retirements, we're pretty certain that 2,000 megawatts is a given. And there's another 4,000 that we would expect as part of our internal modeling. As far as rest of the pool, we would expect that to clear somewhere in the $30 to $50 per megawatt hour -- or megawatt day rather.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple questions. First, could you remind what exchange rate is in your assumption for 2011?
Paul Farr: $1.60 per sterling.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then also, you've obviously had pretty good well, well good inflation numbers from the standpoint of your inflation in taxing. Is that something that you anticipated in your guidance or was that a positive to the guidance?
Paul Farr: Well, we actually wouldn't -- it would be -- it might be slightly positive to guidance. The way that the inflation adjustment works is we would basically take a 12-month rolling average, if you will, kind of July-to-July, August-to-August, it's all the way through December-to-December, averages at the back end of this year. So the front part of the year is helpful, but we need to see a continuation of that to see call it a ex plan or above plan outcome, that would start affecting revenues April 1 of next year.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: So that could benefit you next year then?
Paul Farr: It could benefit next year.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then last question is I know in the past there's been upward pressure on the coal transport. But I saw your coal numbers were exactly in line, so it sounds like your kind of -- I know you have some diesel hedges and the like, but it sounds like you've got that pretty well in line.
James Miller: Right, Steve. We're right on track. I don't see any variances of any material amounts so far compared to the rates we gave you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Real quick question, can you update just the financing plan and needs given the change in the 2011 free cash flow outlook?
Paul Farr: Sure. Really nothing significant, a big portion of the change is driven by the operating cash flow and the CapEx related to Midlands, which there's been no change. There's a small impact. I think it was around $150 million, $160 million from collateral change. I wouldn't view that as significant enough to drive any change in the financing plan. We've gotten -- we filed for a security certificate with the PUC, a few hundred million that we plan on issuing at electric utilities to your first mortgage bonds. We've got a refi coming up later in the year at Supply. As Jim mentioned, we're on the throes of issuing the ATCO [ph] financing for the U.K. debt. If the market is strong there, we may end up pre-funding a little bit of next year's need, but it's still within the range of what we've outlined to you in the permanent financing program, so no major changes.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. And when you talk about RPM and you talk about the retirements, the 2 gigawatt number you mentioned that's a certainty. Can you give a little more clarity on that?
James Miller: I think that's a combination of announced retirements prior to this most recent auction, as well as our best guess, if you look at the fleet that's out there and those that are most challenged by just the markets, in general, let alone the EPA regs. You add those in and you come up to the 2,000 megawatts. I'm sorry. I don't have the details on exactly which units those are but that's generally how they categorize.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin from Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Just a clarification. On the increase in CapEx at the Kentucky utilities, did you say that the environmental cost recovery mechanism that you have yet to file that, that will include an additional amount of CapEx above and beyond what you've already put on Slide 19? Or does Slide 19 already include what you will be filing shortly?
Paul Farr: It includes all of that. Slide 19 includes the full amount of the CapEx that we're expecting to be seeking recovery for and the increase is driven by environmental compliance, so all of that would be ECR eligible in terms of the filing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carrie St. Louis [ph] from Fidelity.
Unknown Analyst - : I was hoping you can give an update on your energy hedges for 2013.
James Miller: Sure, Carrie. We're right now sitting at about 24% for 2013. That's up a little bit from where we were at the end of the year. I believe we're around 15% in that zip code at the end of last year. So we've added on a few more hedges but we're at 24% as of today.
Unknown Analyst - : And do you have the split between the east and the west? And could also maybe talk to the average hedge price versus like 2012?
James Miller: I don't have that here in front of me, Carrie. We would normally provide all that detail at the time we announce earnings for 2012, in this case.
Unknown Analyst - : Well, I mean, most companies by now have '13 outlooks provided, so you're going to wait to do that all the way until the end of this year?
James Miller: Unless we have material hedges placed by then, for 2013, we would not likely update our charts and information until the third quarter.
Unknown Analyst - : But your hedging, your ratable hedging would put you where you're supposed to be by the end of the year for '13?
James Miller: It would be in the -- by end of 2011 or early 2012, we'd be in the 60 to 90 range, 60% to 90%.
Unknown Analyst - : So this 24% is going to go up to 60% to 90% by the end of this year?
James Miller: That's what we expect, right. And again, it's -- the front end of the year is not when we normally see significant utility load following auctions. We don't see seasonal spikes in gas. And one of the reasons why we have hedged up is we saw some nice improvement in the outyears as it relates to energy and so we took advantage of some of that. It's come back off and it's going back up. And as we see the seasonal storm pattern related and summer patterns impact things, we would typically be hedging more later in the year.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And then maybe going to next year's cash flow, free cash flow guidance or I know there's no guidance, but maybe just if you could kind of help frame how we could can think about free cash flow expectations? Clearly, the CapEx is moving materially higher like $800 million, it looks like.
James Miller: Year-on-year, you're referring to?
Unknown Analyst - : Yes.
James Miller: Yes.
Unknown Analyst - : So if I look -- your prior 2011 guidance for cash from ops was about $2.4 billion, so you lowered it about $200 million. Should we start with that prior '11 base or go off of this new lower 2.2?
James Miller: Well, I would say probably go off for the lower numbers simply because the biggest chunk down in that number -- there were two things: it was the return of net of the U.K. movements, which were all just simply layering on the acquisition-related impact of their operations and CapEx needs was $160 million, $150 million return of collateral to counter parties that can go up or down; and then a decrease of $50 million in the expected income tax refund. And that's simply because rules got clarified better around what qualifies for bonus depreciation and what doesn't. That was the biggest driver there. So I would, again, adjusting for whatever your model indicates the operating cash flows x working capital would do whether that's the lower number, a different number based on how you're modeling the utility businesses and supplies margins, you've got to factor obviously both in.
Unknown Analyst - : Yes. And then besides normal, like your earnings growth, the cash flow would grow. Are there any items that would have impact going from '11 to '12?
James Miller: No, not at all. And as we indicated, when we successfully completed the equity offering, we wouldn't expect to be out other than the normal, small amount of kind of $50 million, $75 million in drift. We won't be out in the markets for stock not until late in 2012. So nothing outside of those comments that we've made that I would expect that would be -- it sounds like you're asking if there's something unusual. I don't see that.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. So just equity late in 2012? All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom O'Neil from Green Arrow.
Tom O'Neil: Just two questions on the dividend. What would sort of be the right way to think about the timing for that consideration? And then the second is on industrial sales in Kentucky, just curious what was built into the original 2011 view?
James Miller: I'll take the dividend one and then Bill could take the industrial question. The normal timing for a dividend adjustment is the Board consideration of the dividend for the first quarter of next year. So the April dividend next year would be our normal cycle, not that we have to stick that, but that's the usual time of the year that we address the level of dividend.
William Spence: And relative to the industrial sales for the first quarter, we're pretty much right on track with what we expected.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan from Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Just wanted to check, what was the sense of doing poll now [ph] for the change in currency to the earnings? I have forgotten that. What is the sensitivity for each I guess $0.10, if it goes from $1.60 to $1.65? What's this earnings sensitivity?
James Miller: Yes, we've not given an earnings sensitivity, Ashar, because we started the year on the legacy WPD, so heavily hedged at around 75%. We are equivalently hedged on the operating earnings from our ongoing earnings on Midlands now, as well as the same amount. And given where the currency is, we're actually looking at hedging up even more. So I haven't -- we haven't given a sensitivity but we're getting to the point, where we're becoming not very sensitive. I would say that net of all the hedges, including some of the colors that we put on that I'd expect that we would be slightly ahead of the $1.60 per sterling that we had in the bid [ph] assumption -- for the forecast assumption.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: But can you just give us, if you are like totally unhedged, what would be the sensitivity?
James Miller: Well, we gave you the net income in the road show book. I thought I brought a copy with me of the net income. If you just take though every year of net income for '11, '12 and '13 for international, is that a $1.60? So divide those numbers, those net income numbers by $1.60, that will give you the midpoint, that will give you the sterling net income and then you can vary that a couple percent from the road show deck. Apology, I don't have it handy with me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivana Ergovic from Jefferies.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: What was the basis between your plans and the PGM West for the quarter?
James Miller: I'm sorry, were you asking what the basis was for the quarter?
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Yes, basis potential.
James Miller: Yes, the basis in the first quarter was slightly positive. We would continue to expect basis to remain flat, meaning zero for the year west up compared to our generation locations overall. So which is what we had assumed in our plan. So no significant change from what our expectations were.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You're assuming the same zero for 2012?
James Miller: That's correct.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And another question, you gave your earnings walk [ph] in the fourth quarter and now, you gave the update. And there is it $0.08 contribution from legacy U.K. business, which wasn't in the presentation in the fourth quarter. Is this because of the synergies? What's the reason for the change?
James Miller: No, the change for -- one second, let me find my chart on that -- is driven by an expectation of some higher revenues versus year end based on some changes in inflation, currency exchange rates, it was several things that built into that.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then there is also $0.05 extra for Kentucky if this -- is it because of the weather? Or what's the reason?
James Miller: No, it's not weather-related on Kentucky. Net -- one second. Well, there shouldn't have been that significant a change in Kentucky. We'll check that, Ivana, and get you that through Joe and the team.
Ivana Ergovic - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And the third one, I think there is a $0.05 reduction in supply margin. Is that because of the front end outage? Or what's the reason for the reduction in the margin?
James Miller: It was several things that drove that. But the plants, the outage assumptions and all of the margin totality is in that number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Bank of America.
Steven Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch: One follow-up. The Pennsylvania bonus depreciation change, how much was that in the quarter and how much do you expect from that for the full year?
James Miller: In the quarter, it was a little more than a $0.01 and so I'd expect that to be roughly ratable for the year.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
James Miller: All right. Thank you, operator. And thanks to all of you for being on the call, and we look forward to our second quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Farr - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Joe Bergstein -  William Spence - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and President of PPL Generation James Miller - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and President of PPL Energy Supply
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Carl Seligson - Utility Financial Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Tom O'Neil Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference Operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter Conference Call. [Operator instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Joe Bergstein, Director of Investor Relations.
Joe Bergstein: Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of the factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company’s SEC filings. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
James Miller: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone on the call. We've got a lot to cover today, so we'll jump right into it. Today, we plan to discuss our 2010 results and our 2011 earnings forecast as well as provide you a more in-depth discussion of the strength of our platform that we feel is well-positioned, I should say, to grow shareowner value over the next few years.  Obviously, the past few years have been very challenging for our sector, especially those with significant competitive generation. At PPL, we've used this period as an opportunity to strengthen our business mix and focus capital on the rate-regulated sector of our industry. As a result, we've reduced our earnings risk profile and retained the upside inherent to our Supply business when wholesale electricity markets recover from our current down cycle. We already see proof that the steps we've taken over the past few years have significantly strengthened our company while improving our flexibility to thrive in a variety of market scenarios. This morning, we'll provide you with our normal year-end update and also discuss our 2011 earnings forecast. Bill Spence, our Chief Operating Officer, will provide you with a detailed operational overview; and Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer, will review the financial details with you. And of course, we'll leave time for your questions at the end.  Before launching into the discussion, however, I'd like to talk briefly about some recent M&A trade press rumors mentioning PPL. You're all aware it's our long-standing and appropriate policy not to discuss market rumors or speculation, and we won't deviate from that today. As we've said many times before, the company continuously explores opportunities to enhance value whether it be acquisitions, divestitures, improved operations of our existing businesses. There's something to discuss in regards to one of those potential opportunities, we do it when the time is appropriate. So until that time comes, we'll not respond to questions on that matter today.  Now let's move on to the earnings announcement we've made this morning. Driven by a strong fourth quarter, we ended the year with reported earnings of $2.17 per share and ongoing earnings of $3.13 per share. These results are higher than our most recent forecast range, even excluding the $0.12 share contribution from the Kentucky operations, which were not included in our prior forecast.  Considering the continued headwinds of very low wholesale electricity prices driven by low natural gas prices, we're very pleased with our 2010 results. Fully factoring in dilution from the E.ON U.S. acquisition, our 2010 earnings from ongoing operations are 60% higher than our 2009 results. While the combination of our very beneficial hedging profile and depressed energy and capacity prices results in a lower earnings-per-share forecast for 2011 than we achieved in 2010, we expect strong growth in our utility segments in the future. This earnings growth is based on immediate infrastructure improvements in these companies, which will result in significant rate base growth over the next several years. We expect compound annual growth rate or rate base growth of our combined regulated businesses to be approximately 9.5% from 2011 to 2015. We're confident in our ability to earn reasonable returns on this rate base because these utilities are best-in-class performers, and they operate in jurisdictions with highly constructive regulatory frameworks. Also, it's important not to overlook the superb competitive generation assets that we have in the mid-Atlantic region and in Montana. While margins have fallen because of lower natural gas and capacity pricing, our units continue to be among the most competitive in the PJM Interconnection. This position has been enhanced by the significant environmental investments that have already been made in our coal units and the investments to expand capacity in our nuclear and hydro units. Our diverse mix of coal, natural-gas-fired hydro and nuclear generation in this region means that we are well-positioned to benefit from proposed EPA regulations. In Montana, our balanced portfolio of coal-fired and hydroelectric generation puts us in a very good competitive position. As I alluded to earlier, we're confident that prices will eventually rebound, and we do begin to see some industrial growth throughout our territories. When they do, our shareowners will benefit significantly. Our strategic actions for the past year have strengthened our financial position, increasing the proportionate size of our regulated business and lowering our exposure to commodity market volatility.  Today, we're announcing that our earnings forecast for 2011 is $2.40 to $2.60 per share, and Paul will walk you through the major year-on-year drivers in his prepared remarks. Within the forecast, I'd like to highlight that we're projecting 50% of our 2011 earnings will come from our regulated businesses, a substantial increase over 2010. We've also tightened our range compared with previous earnings forecasts, reflecting a higher mix of rate-regulated businesses and my confidence in PPL's ability to execute on our business plan. Beyond the excellent assets that we have in place to grow shareowner value, we also have some significant strengths that differentiate us from our peers in the sector. In each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we have strong regulatory relationships built on foundations of transparency and meeting the commitments we make. We respect and value the role the regulators play in ensuring highly reliable electricity and gas services at reasonable prices while providing a fair return to shareowners. Our communicative, cooperative approach has led us to a mutual respect among PPL reps and regulators, a respect that makes us a credible voice in the policy-making process. Our regulated companies are among the best in terms of cost competitiveness, reliability and customer service, earning very high customer satisfaction and regulatory recognition. We intend to retain that distinction by making necessary and prudent investments that will maintain our strong reliability in customer service. In the U.K., for example, we're recognized as an efficiency and customer service leader, benchmarks by which others are judged. This commitment to operational excellence also incorporates disciplined cost management practices to ensure that we're getting the most out of the money we spend. At the heart of our success are 14,000 highly trained, dedicated employees in our business. We rely on these experts to deliver on the promises that we make to our customers and shareowners. Finally, we're clearly remain committed to a strong dividend, which we view as a key element of total shareowner return. Our acquisition this past year fortified our dividend and the rate base growth potential that Bill will discuss in a minute. I think this clearly puts us in a much stronger position to grow the dividend in the future.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill for a business and operational review.
William Spence: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm going to review four of our key business segments, with a focus on the value drivers for each one. I believe you'll see that PPL has a compelling growth story in each of our regulated businesses, and we have a highly competitive generation fleet that is very well-positioned. Jim mentioned that our regulated growth and rate base is now estimated at a compound annual growth rate of 9.5% over the next five years. That's a full 2% higher than we had previously forecast.  Now let's turn to Slide 9 and start with an overview of LG&E and KU, which forms our largest regulated business segment. Going forward, we will refer to this segment as the Kentucky-regulated segment. The segment consists of two vertically integrated utilities. LG&E is a gas and electric utility, while KU is electric-only. Our regulated generation fleet has a capacity of about 8,100 megawatts with the recent addition of the Trimble County 2 coal plant. LG&E and KU commissioned this 800-megawatt plant in January at a cost of just over $1,500 per kW. This is an exceptionally low cost for a state-of-the-art facility like this. Like our other regulated operations, LG&E and KU have a history of outstanding customer satisfaction and efficient, reliable and safe operations. Vic Staffieri and his team have earned the trust and respect of regulators where they have constructive and supportive working relationships. The combination of efficient and effective operations and this constructive regulatory environment have resulted in these utilities having some of the lowest rates in the nation. These rates are a significant economic development tool for our service territories as well. The growth prospects driven by this economic development coupled with pending changes in EPA environmental regulations will lead to further growth in rate base and returns on that investment.  As noted on Slide 10, the Kentucky environmental cost recovery mechanism, or ECR, is provided by a statute enacted in Kentucky in 1992. It allows for near real-time recovery of costs associated with environmental compliance for coal-fired generation. Currently, about 85% of the applicable environmental costs, including investment and operating costs, are being recovered through the ECR. Since inception, over $2.9 billion of environmental capital spending, including CWIP, has been recovered through the ECR mechanism. The remaining 15% of environmental costs represent the cost associated or allocated to all system sales, sales to Virginia retail customers and sales to Kentucky municipal utility, served by KU under FERC-approved, full requirements contracts. These remaining costs are recoverable through general rate cases.  As you know, increased regulations being issued and proposed by the EPA are expected to impact coal-fired generation. We expect the majority of our compliance costs in Kentucky will be recovered through the ECR mechanism. Dependent upon final EPA regulations and our evaluation of the lease cost options, we believe the various compliance costs for air and coal combustion residuals, CCRs, could be more than $2 billion over the next five years. This estimate does not assume a hazardous definition for CCR, nor does it include any incremental costs associated with CO2 compliance or new water-quality standards. Our estimate will continue to be refined as regulation and lease cost compliance analyses are finalized. Slide 11 summarizes the environmental control equipment already installed on our coal plants in Kentucky. As you can see, significant environmental controls are already installed at these plants. But we do expect additional investment will be needed to comply with the evolving environmental regulations. LG&E and KU's rate base has grown by more than 50% over the past five years with the construction of Trimble Country 2 and the installation of scrubbers at KU's Brown and Ghent plants. As you can see from this slide, we expect a similar increase over the next five years. We show environmental CapEx in two categories. We expect the spending designated by the orange bar to be needed regardless of the outcome of the new EPA regulations. The green bar represents the $2 billion estimated to comply with new and proposed EPA regulations, as I mentioned earlier. Since the majority of the environmental CapEx should be recovered through the ECR mechanism, the remainder of the environmental and non-environmental CapEx and O&M growth will drive the need for future rate cases. As agreed in the Kentucky change of control proceeding, new base rates cannot be effective prior to January 1, 2013. We are able to offset regulatory lag to a degree using mechanisms that supplement traditional rate cases, and we believe our rates will remain competitive in light of similar activity at surrounding utilities and our favorable starting position. PPL continues to be very pleased with the addition of the newly acquired Kentucky operations. The rate base growth potential, transparent regulatory construct and economic prospects in the Kentucky region will provide earnings growth for this business well into the future. Before turning to WPD, I'd like to comment briefly on the integration process. A significant amount of upfront work went into ensuring a smooth transition upon closing. Our day-one integration work went extremely well, and we will continue to pursue ways to operate the combined business in an efficient manner and within our regulatory commitments.  Now let's turn to Slide 14 for a review of WPD. Our WPD business is regulated by the U.K. Office of Gas and Electricity Markets, or Ofgem. The U.K. enjoys a fully developed mature electricity market. The regulatory framework is well established and provides a favorable, efficient system where WPD has thrived for many years. Ofgem has approved a $2 billion expenditure program and the current five-year distribution price control review period, DPCR5, to fund maintenance, capital improvements and upgrades to WPD's network. This approved network investment is 31% higher than that provided in the last price control period. A key element of the regulation is the multiyear formula-rate nature of revenue determination. There is no regulatory lag in expenditures over the entire price control period. They are fully factored into the determination of WPD's revenues during this regulatory cycle. Another key feature of the regulatory construct is the incentive nature of the scheme, whereby companies that are frontier performers can outperform peers on a revenue and ROE basis. Beyond the base revenues, each distribution network operator has the opportunity to earn incentive revenues related to performance and customer service, reliability and cost efficiencies, areas in which WPD has excelled. We expect that our regulated asset value will increase from $2.8 billion at the end of 2010 to almost $3.5 billion by 2015, driven by the network investments I just mentioned. A key component of last year's price control review was recognition of WPD's readership in the area of operational performance. As shown here, we led the industry with the lowest number of customer complaints, best contact center performance, best capital unit cost and customer reliability. In fact, the degree to which WPD excelled in these areas led the U.K. regulator to increase WPD's revenues by over $240 million in this and future rate periods. This type of best-in-class service is nothing new to WPD. During the last price control review, WPD was awarded over $100 million in incentive revenues. And finally for international, at the November EEI Conference, we committed to provide modeling parameters for WPD when we announced 2011 guidance. As a basis for helping model the U.K. operations, we thought that using the segment P&L format, already available to you in our published financial statements, would be the best option. So let's begin with revenues, which are projected to increase by an average of 6.9% per year plus inflation for the balance of the price control review period.  Most of our operating costs increased with inflation, although depreciation expense increases at a higher rate due to the increased levels of CapEx. Pension expense is expected to increase from GBP 20 million in 2011 to GBP 55 million in 2012 and beyond, primarily due to projected amortization of prior actuarial losses. For calculating interest expense, most of our debt is fixed, except for about 20% that is inflation-linked. And over the longer term, our consolidated effective tax rate is expected to be about 25%. With these factors and applying the foreign currency rate, you should be able to more accurately model the inherent growth in WPD's future earnings contribution.  In summary, the goal for the international segment is to continue to add value for shareholders to frontier performance and customer service and business efficiency, achieving significant growth in rate base and being a source of growing earnings and cash flow for PPL.  Now let's move on to our Pennsylvania-regulated segments, starting on Slide 19. Like our Kentucky and WPD operations, PPL Electric Utilities is also known for its superior customer service and well-established, constructive regulatory relationships in Pennsylvania. We have very visible investment opportunities, with rate base growth projected to rise from $3 billion to $4.8 billion, a 60% increase over the next five years. In fact, we expect to make sustained investments over the next 10 years to replace aging infrastructure largely built in the 1960s and 1970s, a good portion of which is now starting to reach the end of its useful life.  On the Transmission side of our business, our projected CapEx investment of $1.9 billion through 2015 is nearly 5x higher than the prior five years. As you know, our Transmission business operates under an attractive formula rate structure with annual true-ups effective June 1 of each year, capturing rate base additions and O&M escalations on a very timely basis. The majority of EU's increased transmission spending is recoverable under the FERC formula rate structure, and there are added incentives for our Susquehanna-Roseland line. On the distribution side of our business, we're forecasting $1.5 billion of new investment, resulting from a combination of aging infrastructure, smart grid technology and more traditional CapEx. Distribution costs are currently recovered through a base-rate filing. As we have noted in the past, we are interested in pursuing alternative rate mechanisms that would provide for more timely recovery of and on the capital deploy. Absent this, we anticipate filing rate cases in 2012 and 2014 to recover the increasing expenditures needed to maintain customer reliability and improve network efficiency. EU's CapEx profile on Slide 20 provides further information on those upcoming investments.  We plan to increase our capital spending over the next two years before we hit an expected sustained level of capital investment, excluding the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line. As illustrated here and shown in light green, transmission is a predominant driver of our CapEx growth. The $1.9 billion in investment from 2011 to 2015 consists of $800 million in aging infrastructure replacements, $700 million for capacity and other projects, and the remaining $440 million is associated with the Susquehanna-Roseland line.  Regarding Susquehanna-Roseland, the environmental review of the project by the National Park Service is ongoing, after which, we expect construction to resume in 2013 and 2014, with the project in service early 2015. The need for this project has been reaffirmed several times by PJM, and we expect the need for the project will continue to be reaffirmed. We do not expect the recent legislation in New Jersey and associated generation projects to eliminate the need for this line. In summary, our capital investment opportunities and distribution translate into an annualized rate base growth of 10%. Over the same period, transmission rate base growth is just over 20%, from 28% to 40% of total rate base, increasing the proportion of our earnings driven by the transmission formula rate structure.  Let's move on to Slide 22 and take a closer look at our competitive Supply segment. We've discussed this segment and its investment highlights with you in great detail in the past, and today I'll provide a brief update. Importantly, we want to highlight our ability to control spending and optimize our operations during low commodity cycles and our ability to meet and benefit from evolving EPA regulations.  Slide 23 details the environmental control equipment we've already installed on our fleet and the control equipment under consideration. Approximately 40% of annual output from the fleet is carbon-free, nuclear and hydro. While approximately 50% of our output is coal-fired, the majority of our coal plants are large supercritical plants that are well controlled from an environmental perspective and highly efficient. Our proactive approach to environmental compliance positions the PPL fleet favorably for future EPA regulation. 96% of the competitive coal generation is scrub, 88% has NOx controls already installed.  Since 2005, PPL has invested $1.6 billion in environmental control equipment, positioning us very well to meet many of the proposed EPA regulations. The additional control equipment that is under consideration can be installed at an expected cost of just $350 million to $400 million.  At this low point in the commodity cycle, we are clearly focused on controlling our cost. We did reduce our 2010 capital spending by nearly $100 million compared to our original plan, and we've reduced our five-year plan by nearly $500 million. We're also focused on managing operating costs. We cut $30 million out of our operating budgets in both '10 and '11 despite the addition of new environmental control equipment and compliance with new security and work-hour regulations at our nuclear station.  We have been operating our coal units at minimum output levels during certain off-peak hours and are working to achieve even lower minimum levels. In order to reduce fuel costs, we continue to analyze the types of fuel we're burning at each of our units. For example, we're continuing to prepare several units to burn Powder River Basin coal as well as Illinois Basin. And we look to burn off-spec coal during off-peak periods as another means to reduce costs. We've maintained our disciplined three-year hedging program, which has captured significant value for shareholders. The hedging program added $700 million to our margins in 2010, and our hedges for '11 and '12 are in the money by $1.4 billion. While we're unable to completely eliminate volatility in this business, our hedging strategy has significantly reduced a substantial portion of that volatility. On this slide, we're preparing our asset hedge positions for 2011 and 2012. There are a few notable changes to this slide I'd like to point out from previous quarters. We've eliminated the base load fully loaded hedge price and instead provided the annual capacity revenue separately at the bottom of the slide. This provides more visibility on our expected PJM capacity revenues.  As we discussed previously, given current market conditions and transmission work in the region, our forecast for 2011 does not include a basis premium over PJM West Hub for our units. We are also giving you a range for delivered coal prices in the East and now provide you with a range of our expected coal price in the West as well. As for 2013, we continue to be very lightly hedged, with less than 10% of our PJM generation under contract. We do, however, have about 80% of our coal under contract for 2013. When we enter into a more meaningful level of energy hedges for 2013, we'll provide you an update. In 2010, we began to see signs of economic recovery and annual net energy requirements within PJM increase nearly 3% from 2009. This is roughly equivalent to the output of a 2,200-megawatt nuclear plant. PJM forecasts a similar level of increased demand over the next few years. At the same time, low current forward prices and the uncertainty that New Jersey and Maryland are adding to future capacity prices, there is little incentive to add new generation. We anticipate that the return of demand will drive forward market prices higher, as will the impact of the EPA's proposed regulations affecting the supply side of the equation.  Our internal modeling estimates that approximately 12 gigawatts of generation could be retired within PJM by 2019. This assumes all uncontrolled units less than 200 megawatts are retired along with some inefficient uncontrolled units greater than 200 megawatts. Analyses by the Brattle Group, Credit Suisse and others have made similar assumptions and project retirements somewhat higher than our own analysis. The impact of those retirements should improve energy and capacity prices over the longer term. Now before turning the call over to Paul, I'd like to conclude with the following. The new PPL, with the addition of the Kentucky-regulated segment, has a very strong group of regulated businesses. These utilities will provide a significant platform of growth for our regulated earnings well into the future. The leaders of these businesses clearly understand the importance of continuing our tradition of working with regulators to ensure reliable service while providing shareowners with solid returns.  As I mentioned in my opening comments, we're forecasting a compound annual growth rate of 9.5% in rate base. Over the next five years, PPL will be investing more than $11 billion in our delivery businesses in the U.S. and the U.K. Importantly, of this $11 billion, we expect 55%, or $6.4 billion, will be recoverable using the near-real-time mechanisms in the U.K., Kentucky and under our FERC formula rates. We believe this clearly differentiates PPL from others in our sector. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Farr: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 28 to review our financial results for 2010. Our earnings from ongoing operations for the quarter and year reflect the earnings contribution of our Kentucky-regulated segment due to the successful close of the transaction on November 1.  For the full year 2010, we earned $3.13 per share, exceeding the $2.87 per share midpoint of our 2010 forecast of earnings per share from ongoing operations. The two largest contributors of our outperformance versus forecast for the quarter were the operating earnings from Kentucky of $0.12 per share and several tax items that net benefited the quarter by just about $0.12 per share. On a segment basis, we fully allocated dilution from the equity units, which was incorporated into our forecast, resulting in a $0.07-per-share net contribution from Kentucky for the quarter. The tax items that net benefited the quarter included a positive impact from evaluation adjustment for Pennsylvania net operating loss carryforwards and the negative impact of bonus depreciation that decreased our Section 199 deduction, both of which impacted supply, as well as the negative tax impact of the tax restructuring that took place in international.  I'll review the segment earnings drivers for 2010 and then discuss our earnings forecast for 2011. Turning to Slide 29. Our international regulated segment earned $0.53 per share in 2010, a $0.19-per-share decrease from 2009. This performance was the net result of higher delivery revenue, primarily driven by higher prices, which were effective April 1, 2010 under DPCR5; higher pension expense; higher interest expense, primarily due to the GBP-400-million debt issuance in March of 2010; and higher interest expense on WPD's inflation index bonds on the back of higher inflation later in the year; the favorable impact of currency exchange rates; higher income taxes; and dilution of $0.07 per share.  Moving to Slide 30. Our Pennsylvania-regulated segment earned $0.27 per share in 2010, an $0.08 decline compared to 2009. This decrease was the net result of higher O&M expenses primarily due to expanded vegetation management activities and higher staffing costs, lower interest expense due to lower average debt balances, higher depreciation and dilution of $0.03 per share.  Turning to Supply. The Supply segment earned $2.27 per share in 2010, an increase of $1.39 per share compared to last year, driven by significantly higher realized sales prices for our Eastern baseload generation, lower margins on load-following agreements due to customer migration and the economic downturn and higher average fuel costs and higher energy margins in the West, primarily due to higher net sales prices partially offset by lower sales volumes. 2010 was also impacted by higher O&M, primarily at our Susquehanna nuclear station as a result of the Unit 1 forced outage in the third quarter; higher refueling outage costs and higher payroll costs; higher depreciation driven by the Brunner Island scrubbers that were placed in service in 2009; lower income taxes, primarily due to the release of deferred tax valuation allowances related to the PA net operating loss carryforwards I just mentioned; and the impact of investment tax credits for the Holtwood and Rainbow hydro expansion projects; discontinued operations, which includes operating results of the Long Island generation and the Maine hydros; and the pending sale of UPark, Wallingford and PPL's equity interest in Safe Harbor; as well as dilution of $0.33 per share.  Turning to Slide 32. As Jim already mentioned, we are announcing our 2011 earnings forecast of $2.40 to $2.60 per share, with a midpoint of $2.50 per share. This slide provides an overview of the key factors expected to impact 2011 earnings. A significant earnings driver between 2010 and 2011 is dilution of $0.34 per share, reflecting a full year's impact of the 103 million shares of common equity issued in June 2010 to finance the Kentucky acquisition. The full year addition of our Kentucky-regulated business is the largest positive driver of 2011 earnings, followed by increased delivery margins in our Pennsylvania-regulated segment, resulting from PPL Electrics' already approved distribution rate increase that became effective January 1 of this year.  Offsetting these positive earnings drivers are lower supply margins, which are the net results of lower electricity prices, including lower basis and capacity prices in the East and higher fuel costs in the East and West. Partially offsetting these unfavorable factors are higher expected generation and higher margins on load-following agreements. We expect higher O&M at our Supply segment, primarily due to increased outage costs at our fossil plants in the East and West, higher income taxes primarily in the Supply segment due to the 2010 release of the deferred tax valuation allowances and a lower Section 199 benefit, lower earnings as a result of the 2010 sale of non-core generating assets, higher depreciation in our supply in Pennsylvania-regulated segments and higher financing costs due to higher commitment fees and higher debt levels, including a full year of interest on the equity units that we issued in June. In addition, when excluding the impact of dilution, which we've captured as a single driver on this slide, we expect flat earnings in our international-regulated segment driven by higher delivery revenue and a more favorable currency exchange rate offset by higher income taxes, higher depreciation and higher financing costs.  On Slide 33, we've detailed our 2010 free cash flow from operations before dividends. The 2010 free cash flow before dividends includes the operating results of the Kentucky-regulated segment but not the cash used in the acquisition of these assets. Since last quarter, the most significant change in the 2010 free cash flow before dividends is the expected timing of the proceeds from the pending sale of Wallingford, UPark and our interest in Safe Harbor. We now expect to close that transaction and receive the proceeds in 2011. The change in cash from operations for 2010 is the net result of the return of third-party collateral, an increase in unbilled revenue and the impact of bonus tax depreciation.  In addition to adding asset sale proceeds to 2011, the 2011 free cash flow before dividend is driven by higher expected cash from operations, primarily due to a full year impact of the Kentucky operating results; the cash benefit of bonus tax depreciation and an expected income tax refund in 2011, which are expected to be partially offset by large pension contributions, both domestically and international; and the further return of collateral to third parties. This positive cash from operations is expected to be partially offset by large capital expenditure programs in all segments. Turning to Slide 34. As Jim mentioned earlier, we continue to focus on our dividend as a key element of total shareowner return. Our significantly more rate-regulated business mix provides strong support for the current dividend and for future dividend growth. As depicted on this chart, our regulated earnings alone nearly cover the current dividend. As our regulated earnings grow, we would expect to be able to enhance this dividend growth profile.  Now moving to Slide 35. We're looking forward to 2012 and 2013. We expect higher domestic rate-regulated earnings due to higher rate basis directly tied to large capital expenditure programs and assumptions related to planned base rate filings during this period; increasing distribution revenue at WPD except during the 2009 DPCR5 process; lower supply margins as a result of depressed energy prices and our hedge profile; higher O&M in all business segments; positive fundamentals affecting the Supply segment that Bill previously discussed, including heat rate expansion; and increased load as the economy begins to recover.  And with that, this concludes the prepared remarks for this morning. So I'll turn the call back to Jim for Q&A.
James Miller: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Operator, we're ready for calls.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon of Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions for you, Paul, and then a question for Jim. First on the -- it looks like overall, capital expenditures at regulated utilities across all the different businesses as it pertains to rate base growth is up, but it was down in Pennsylvania and up in Kentucky. So overall, given that you have automatic rate riders for a lot of those that's pending in Kentucky, whereas you have more regulatory lag in Pennsylvania, I mean, should it be fair to assume that the overall return on equity at your regulated utilities should be rising over the forecast period?
Paul Farr: That's a fair statement. When you factor in that pattern that you mentioned as well as the timing of expected rate cases in both Kentucky and Pennsylvania and the expected earned returns in the intervening years, yes.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: And I'm looking at your guidance for earnings per share for Kentucky in '11, I'm presuming that assumes that all the leverage associated with the transaction is allocated there. But even sort of sussing that out, it looks like year-one ROE there implied by your guidance is high single-digits, so it's a fair ways off from the current authorized ROE in Kentucky. Is that accurate or inaccurate?
Paul Farr: That's accurate. Again, driven by the capital expenditures that we will wait for recovery on, the fact that the last test year that was used was a backward-looking test year that goes back to September of the prior year. We did see very meaningful increases in weather-adjusted load in Kentucky in 2010. So that level of earned return is also significantly driven by continuation of that pattern. So we've been, I think, appropriate in our estimates of what the load is going to look like, but to the extent we see any meaningful improvement that will help offset that. And then again, as you said, when you mentioned all leverage, that does include a full year allocation of the equity units as well. So not just the hold co leverage and what we put at the op cos that replaced the intercompany stuff back to E.ON, but the equity unit financing as well has fully been allocated against that segment.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Right. So if we continue to see industrial load recovery in Kentucky -- I mean, I guess -- well, let me rephrase the question. You've been -- the presumption you just stated is that you're assuming a deceleration in the industrial load recovery in Kentucky in that segment. Is that fair?
Paul Farr: That's fair, because they're basically back at above pre-recessionary levels at this point. So to the extent that we can see continued demand for the sectors that, that segment serves in terms of industrial, that will be the single biggest driver. But the recovery was so strong in late '09 and '10 that it'd be tough to see that continuing at that pace. Industrial loads were up almost 19% last year.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: So that will be a factor in whether you exceed or miss that number, a big piece of it will be watching the economy in Kentucky?
Paul Farr: Yes. In my mind, it will be that and whatever success that we can achieve as it relates to trying to find ways to operate the combined businesses more effectively and efficiently.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Then one last question to Jim. I'm not going to ask you anything directly with regard to M&A, since you clearly don't -- have already indicated you won't answer it. But what are the criteria that you're looking at if you were to pursue another acquisition? I think as investors look at what you've done here, you've been very aggressive in trying to achieve your strategic goals of sort of moving the needle on your business mix. You've, from my perspective, bought a great asset. But you did a very large financing to finance that. So I think as investors look at your profile, I think the feeling is they'd like to see execution on integrating what you've done and -- or is there so much chagrin that you might come back to them and ask for more money for another acquisition so soon. So as you think about those things and you think about the opportunities that exist out there, what are the criteria that would have to be met for you to want to do something without commenting specifically on any transaction?
James Miller: Well, I think, Greg, the scenario you've laid out I think is -- I agree with, it's very accurate. And I think there are, I'd say, two words that remain in my mind for a consideration of a path to growing shareowner value. And the first word would be strategic. Meaning I would approach that in a vein that matches the strategy that we've laid out to our shareowners. And the second, I think, more important word as to where we stand today in executing that strategy is accretive. So I think that those are two key words that I think any shareowner of any company that would find itself assessing where PPL has been over the past few years would find logical.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan of Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: I was just doing a rough calculation of the dilution impact. Am I correct that if the transaction had not happened, the earnings could be like $2.85 in 2011? So there's like a 10% dilution for the impact of this acquisition?
Paul Farr: Ashar, there was a partial-year impact of dilution that affected 2010 because the shares were issued in June. The 30-plus cents that's on the slide on the walk from '10 to '11 represents the balance of the year impact to get the full weighted average amount of shares up from basically 390-ish million to 490 million. And then '10 was -- the $0.43 that we initially announced, which was $0.38 from the shares, $0.05 from the equity converts was offset by -- well, it was actually slightly larger because we outperformed plan, but it was offset by the $0.12 that we earned from the segment itself in November and December.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And then if I can just go back to -- could you just reiterate what your financing plans are? This bonus tax depreciation, did it help? Not help? Or any change in financing plans?
Paul Farr: One thing, Ashar, and I'm not sure I fully, just based on your hesitation, that I fully answered your last question. I would say that we do not see much dilution in 2011 at all from the Kentucky acquisition. If I phrase it that way, maybe that will -- we do not see meaningful dilution in 2010 from having done the deal. Given where commodity prices have moved, given where we see the earnings opportunities in the other segments, it's not a significant number.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Paul, I don't know, I'll do it, but I guess off the line. But I was getting, if you were doing a stand-alone and there was no Kentucky acquisition, your earnings per share could have been like $2.84 the midpoint 2011 versus the $2.50 that you announced. I could be wrong in my math.
Paul Farr: Yes, your math is definitely off.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And then can I just go back? Can you just give us an update on financing plans? This bonus depreciation, does it help? Not help? Or what is the financing going forward in the next couple of years?
Paul Farr: Yes, when the bonus -- and again, there are still, and I know other companies have already talked about this, the IRS is still developing either regulation or rev fracs [ph] around interpreting committee reports on what was intended and what the results will be. But we see somewhere around $700 million between the September 9, 2010 implementation and the end of 2012 when in sunsets around $700 million in total cash benefit during that period versus what things would have looked like without the bonus depreciation. Now in a full year like 2011, yes, it's nice that it's FFO. It helps credit metrics. It's cash. We likely will push out the need for equity at least to the very back end of the year. The net impact, though, on earnings is still a negative since we were in a position where we should have gotten around $0.05 to $0.06 of Section 199 benefit. The manufacturers' deduction that affects both the Kentucky and Pennsylvania-based competitive generation, Montana generation. So all in all, it's a net negative from an earnings perspective, slightly, including the impact of pushing back equity financing needs. However, it does provide significant cash surplus or cash benefit.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Overall, you're saying, what, negative by like a $0.05 or so?
Paul Farr: No, I'd say negative by about $0.02, $0.02 to $0.03 maybe.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: $0.02 to $0.03.
Paul Farr: Right.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And then if I can just end up with your views on capacity pricing in the next upcoming auction based on the recent data that has come out?
William Spence: Sure. Ashar, it's Bill Spence. We would not expect anything significantly different from the last auction. Perhaps a slightly higher number because of the tweaks to the CONE that have been made. Now of course that's absent any impact to the New Jersey legislation or from that. We do expect that the companies, including PPL, that have filed a pleading at FERC and with PJM's expected response, we think we will be successful at requiring any new generation in New Jersey to be bid in at, hopefully, CONE. And that would certainly mitigate some of the potential impact that could otherwise come out of that. So I would say absent New Jersey, maybe a slight improvement compared to the last auction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Where does customer migration stand in Pennsylvania? And what have you assumed kind of at the midpoint of your guidance as to where that could go in '11?
William Spence: Yes. Customer migration continues. About 50% of the customer load has switched to a third-party supplier. However, there is no net impact on PPL for two reasons. One is it's obviously a pass-through at the Electric Utility business unit. And as it relates to our competitive supply, we do not have any significant load-following positions in Pennsylvania under any load-following contracts, including PPL Electric Utilities.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And Paul, you talked about delayed equity. When do you anticipate when you would need equity?
Paul Farr: Back into the fourth quarter, at least back that far. Remember that we do have a reasonable amount of normal drip. Between drip and management comp, it's around $100 million. So what I'm talking about is that incremental kind of $250 million-ish that I mentioned at EEI. So the other stuff will turn out as we pay dividends.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then just any -- I guess, maybe, Jim, what's your expectation? Does EPA go full speed ahead? Does Congress have any success in trying to rein in the pace? Or how do you see things unfolding here as we start to come up to March?
James Miller: Well, I think we're all following, obviously, the politics of the entire EPA situation. The way I think about it is that there will be some hesitance or a little slower going forward than back we expected a year ago. But I think it's important to realize that there are certain things that EPA is mandated to do and will have to complete their regulations on and their rulings. And so I tend to think that much of the intent of the regulations will become evident through this calendar year, either by laying them out in great clarity or enough information on the table to know that they will happen. So I think our view has been looking at our fleets and our level of economic spend that we've already accomplished on our generating fleets. We stand to be in a very good position going forward in that we've already spent the money and spent it at the right time. We, in fact, will benefit from additional small coal-unit shutdowns, as I think Bill mentioned, our supercritical fleet here and then out West and Kentucky. Obviously, that will be recovered under the ECR. But in our merchant markets in Pennsylvania, Kentucky, we're positioned very well for the EPA regs as we see them unfolding. But I do think -- to try to answer your question, I see a bit of a delay, but I don't see them going away by a long shot.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then lastly, DOE authorization to name transmission corridors was struck down. Did that have any impact on the RS line?
James Miller: No, not at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The deferred tax release that you mentioned, could you just elaborate a little bit more on that in your waterfall chart that you were talking about 2011?
Paul Farr: Yes, sure. We have a substantial amount of Pennsylvania net operating loss carryforwards at energy supply and energy funding that, based upon a historical record of not showing profitability at that entity, we had to reserve again. So it simply weren't muted being realizable. Last year, we released a couple of cents to earnings from that. This year, with having the -- what changed more dramatically this year was, one, a business plan that showed significant taxable income at that entity and being able to get out from under rate caps and all the clamoring that went on in the legislature through the end of last year, only a small amount of valuation allowance resulted from last year. But when we got into the end of 2010 and completed the business plan, we just simply saw much more robust taxable income levels that would justify using the credit. So it amounted to $0.15 to $0.17 of total, the 199 impact was a negative $0.03, and then the international tax restructuring was a negative $0.07. There's more very small ones beyond that, that got to the '12.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So should we see any substantial tax changes past 2011 that we should be thinking about like this, or...
Paul Farr: No, there's a very -- there is an amount of deferred tax valuation allowance that remains. It's not anywhere near what was released between the combination of this year and last year. We would have to see a relatively significant improvement in power market fundamentals on a competitive business to see the ability to release that and positively affect the effective tax rate. So I don't see that in any significant way until we see something more positive on that front.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Has there been any change in the trading marketing outlook that you guys gave before?
William Spence: No, pretty much right on track, no change.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then just to clarify, the $250 million of equity that might happen as early as the fourth quarter, did I understand that correctly?
Paul Farr: That's correct. I think we originally might have planned that second or third quarter. But obviously, the need is pushed out. The cash is here, and we're trying to mitigate, obviously, as well the negative effect of the loss of Section 199 due to all this bonus depreciation that decreased the taxable income so much.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then the PJM filing, whether you said to the New Jersey legislation the 205 filing, what's your expectation on timing of it? I mean, it's almost like we're a week since the governor signed it, and you would think that there would have been a lot of preparation before he signed it. Any thoughts as to when we're going to actually see that filing?
William Spence: I think it will be very shortly. I don't have the exact time frame. But obviously, P3, which is the group that we're involved with, a lot of the larger PJM generators, made its pleading. I do expect a very timely response from PJM. And I would expect the market monitor to testify in support of making the necessary changes to impose a minimum offer price. And then at the same time, P3 members either collectively or individually will be making federal court challenges as it relates to federal preemption and trade interference. So that will be coming probably after, I would think, the PJM filing at FERC. But that's something that's obviously important to us as generators and a big challenge to competitive markets in PJM. So we are very serious about using everything in our power to overturn this kind of threat.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: In the P3 filing, it mentions the subsidization that's been happening on the renewable area as being something that would be deferred for the purpose of their expedited filing, but something that had be looked at. Would be that something that you would be looking at in the federal courts in terms of going after the sort of -- there is a large amount of subsidization, as we all know, in the power markets with respect to certain types of generation. Is there any thought about that?
Paul Farr: I'm just really not sure about that. I would say that the reason we mentioned it, but at least at the FERC level, we want to keep that out for now, so we want to have a laser focus on just getting this issue with the 2,000 megawatts dealt with right out of the blocks in time for the next PJM auction. So we want to be very focused in what we're asking FERC to look at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: When you look back at what you've said at the time of the Kentucky acquisition in terms of business mix, and you were talking about 55% to 60%, I think was the target you have for regulated, and it looks it's going to be 50-50 or so in 2011 earnings-wise. Can you just help us think about that? Could you get there naturally from further decline in the above market hedges? So how do you think about that target cyclically with where the Supply business is and the range of earnings that it could have?
Paul Farr: Well, I think going back to that first part of the comment, John, I think the 55% to 60% was kind of on an EBITDA basis. That's what we had disclosed. From a balance sheet perspective and through the commodity cycles, clearly better than 50%. But with all of the growth that we see, the shape of the commodity cycle and our hedge profile, at a mid-cycle number, something in the 70% to 75% feels like the right range for us to be in. If it got to 80%, if it went as low as 70%, that wouldn't cause us to alter mix, per se. But just in terms of being able to handle the volatility to meaningfully address the dividend over time, provide the transparency in growth, that feels like the right kind of mid-cycle mix to us.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: The 75%, is the right number mid-cycle?
Paul Farr: In that range, yes.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: 75% regulated?
Paul Farr: Correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And can you just give us an idea of, as you look the hedges you have on your book, I mean what year looks to you most like mid-cycle?
William Spence: I'd say probably you're going to get out to that '14, '15 time frame would be my guess. I mean, if you just think about where PJM capacity reserve margins are and you look at some of the projections, I think if you get out in that '14, '15 range, you get closer to the kind of targeted PJM reserve capacity mix. So I think that's probably in that time frame.
Paul Farr: You'll probably get close to the bottom end of that range by '13. But Bill is right, it's probably closer to '14, '15, so you're at the mid.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: But I guess you have nearly $6 gas at that time frame, is that...
Paul Farr: That's still what hangs out in that period, roughly correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: You wouldn't describe that as mid-cycle, I'm guessing?
Paul Farr: I think it's a reasonable number. I don't know, plus or minus $0.50, but...
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG: And as you run -- I mean you think you would naturally get to the 75%-type number in that time frame, or...
Paul Farr: Again, just based on open march [ph] with what we have now, it wouldn't be far off from that number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz of Dudack Research.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: I was just wondering what do you see for the longer term in terms of payout ratio? And also what are your sort of cap structure goes, given the larger portion of regulated business that you will have?
Paul Farr: Sorry, Daniele. Can you repeat? What do we see over the longer term related to...
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: I mean payout ratio, dividend payout ratio and the capital structure.
Paul Farr: Yes, I think we'll wait before -- as we let the businesses evolve, the spending and, naturally, get through a couple of rate cycles here before we come out with something on a targeted payout ratio basis. What we were trying to indicate on the dividend slide is showing that, and combining this response with how I responded to Jonathan's question, we'll very clearly be able to more than sufficiently to cover the dividend with the regulated earnings. I think it depends upon where we see mid-cycle gas prices driving power, which drives margins, and maintaining our three-year hedge profile. I think it's difficult until we get up into that 75%-ish range that I'd I feel comfortable talking about payout ratios, and as well, getting through the last part of our generation build around the Susquehanna operates, the Holtwood and Rainbow construction projects and get into more of a normalized level of maintenance CapEx spend as well.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: And in terms of capital structure, you're planning on this equity issue at year end. Do you think that you will have -- because of the expansion that you're planning on, do you think that every two years you will be issuing equity?
Paul Farr: Again, at this part of the commodity, I'd clearly say that that's a safe bet. Again, if the regulated utilities are kind of fully paying for the dividend, and the generation business is using its surplus cash flow to fund some small capital expansion projects, we've got to be able to fund that CapEx growth at the utilities in some way, and it would be through a balance of debt and equity. I think that it would be reasonable amounts of equity, not unlike other companies that have to fund programs in this way. And again, what I'd say is the biggest driver there is maintaining the investment-grade credit rating in those businesses but as well as Supply. So that's really what drives the timing and amounts. It's a combination of the commodity cycle and the cap structure to achieve targeted credit metrics while trying to limit dilution.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: And last question, have you mentioned your plans to the Pennsylvania Commission in terms of the upgrade of the infrastructure?
Paul Farr: Yes, absolutely. We've had a long series of conversations with them, going back well more than a year about what we're seeing in terms of equipment, performance, reliability, degradation rates and the need to be able to achieve the service reliability level that they've outlined for the entire section that need to be achieved. And again, as Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks, a lot of this equipment goes back into the '50s, '60s, '70s, and it's just simply reaching the end of its life. And from both a company perspective and a customer perspective, the right decision is to not chase O&M expense but to replace this old equipment. It's better for the company and it's cheaper for the customer in the long run to make that investment that it is to be chasing reliability problems.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Seligson of Utility Financial Expert.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial: Paul, in your last slide, you mentioned the planned distribution rate filings. I wonder if you could be a little bit more specific as to which jurisdictions, when you intend to file or what the size would be, what your targets are as far as ROE is concerned. That kind of thing.
Paul Farr: Okay. Obviously, we get the more, I'll call it, perfect recovery in the U.K. in the FERC transmission. So what we're really talking about, what's left, if you will, is Pennsylvania distribution and then the Kentucky assets that that's not recovered in the ECR in Kentucky. In Pennsylvania, what I would say is that, and I think Bill mentioned this in his remarks, that we have filings in our business plan in 2012 and 2014, which would result in new rates effective 1/1/13 and 1/1/15 on the distribution side. In Kentucky, I think when we get down into the 9% kind of ROE levels, that would historically have, in how we think about it, triggered the need for filings there. Now we do have a committed stay-out from the change of control filing that we cannot file until '12 for new rates to be effective earlier than 1/1/13. So a potential scenario is filings in both Kentucky in full and then in Pennsylvania for the D side, with new rates in both effective 1/1/13. That's a potential, again, based upon what happens with load and what happens with costs and our success around efficiencies in that area, being timetable as well. But that's kind of what our plan would indicate would be needed.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial: And in the context of where ROEs are around the country these days, your filing would be contemplating that kind of thing and the fact that the Commissions are basically in the, I don't know, 10-ish range, if you're lucky, 10.5...
Paul Farr: Yes, the 10 to 10.5 is -- we did a black box in the last settlement in Pennsylvania, but that's in the right zip code. Clearly, Kentucky was at kind of an announced ROE number, and it was at the upper end of that range that you just mentioned. The ECR just got reaffirmed at 10.6 or 10.63. So I mean, I think that that's in the right zip code.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial: Okay. Finally, with regard to Kentucky. Is there a prospect that Chairman Armstrong will not continue after his term expires next year?
Paul Farr: Not sure. I don't think we know.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich of JPMorgan Asset Management.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: When the acquisition of the Kentucky utilities was initially announced, I think there were some NOLs there that you were hoping to use. And I just wondered what the status of those are?
Paul Farr: The status, Leslie, is exactly as we had forecast in due diligence. There is the potential for a larger asset driven by some capital loss carryforwards that got created as a result of unwinding some of the international things that Kentucky owned prior to our acquisition. So the total deferred tax asset that's there is slightly higher than what we had forecast. In terms of the timing, and, again, this is all balance sheet, this is not P&L. But in terms of the timing of utilization, the utilization will get pushed out a bit, simply because of all these bonus depreciation that the government has permitted. When you're able to fully depreciate in year one, everything that's kind of 20 years or less in terms of useful life, that will get pushed off a year or two. But the value of what we purchased is slightly greater than what was originally assumed.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: So it was originally around $450 million?
Paul Farr: That's correct.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: And then you said you're going to be making a large pension contribution in 2011. Do you have any idea what the size of that would be?
Paul Farr: Yes. We actually had total contributions in 2010, globally, of $435-ish [million]. That included about $230 million in the U.K., so they were the biggest driver. And then we had about $200 million, domestically. When I say we, that includes what Kentucky contributed, even though it was prior to our ownership level. In 2011, the figure is $480 million. We increased it very slightly at year end, but most of that was planned. It's not anything that's been enhanced because of the bonus depreciation. But unlike last year, it's a very small contribution to WPD, and most of it is actually coming from -- about $300 million of that $480, $320, from the PPL legacy and then $150 million in Kentucky.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: And then finally, you discussed the potential for a $2 billion of environmental CapEx in Kentucky and actually put that in your rate base slide. But as I look at Slide 11, it looks like those coal plants in Kentucky are already largely retrofit. So just not clear what that $2 billion would potentially be allocated towards?
William Spence: Yes, many of those units either have old technology that would have to be refreshed or they lack some of the best available control technology that may be required under the various air emissions regulations in particular. So those are our best guess at this point of the incremental expense associated with bringing existing units up to the new standards.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo of Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Would you mind just commenting on what your coal delivery costs are on a per-ton basis in the 2012 and beyond period?
Paul Farr: We do provide on the hedge slide the estimate that we have for delivered coal in the East and West. And for 2012, the range is $76 to $80 a ton for the East, and the West is $23 to $29 a ton.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Great. That's full delivered coal. Is there any way to break that down? I think in the last quarter, you may have insinuated about $24 a ton for delivery cost?
Paul Farr: Correct, that's correct. And that's still right in the ballpark, yes.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: And then lastly, it looks like your intermediate and peaking swifter generation increased quite a bit from the last quarter. I'm just wondering, is that a function of tightening power markets? Or are you just seeing increased gas-powered generation displacing coal generations? Just wondering what your thoughts are there.
Paul Farr: Yes, good question. It is related to an improving heat rate as well as some displacement of other units, coal cos, many of them are coal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So when you talk about the U.K. business, and specifically near-term, can you kind of walk us through your, if you've done this before, your expected kind of a long-run earnings growth and whether that differs dramatically from the long-run revenue growth? And, B, and maybe even more importantly, can you talk about the REO process there, what this potentially means for changes in U.K. regulation and how that could potentially impact your views of your U.K. business overall?
James Miller: Okay. Let me try to -- but maybe, Bill, chime in too. Let me try to tackle that one. I think from what we've said, as we focus on the move from 2010 to 2011, if we factor off the incremental impact of dilution from the full year of the common stock issuance from last year, that international is kind of flat year-on-year. When I think what the major contributors are and detractors to growth going forward, we did mention that we have a relatively significant increase in FAS 87 pension expense that's impacting '10 to '11. We don't see a further increase in that as we move from '11 to '12 or '13 or '14. So what will happen, what should happen, is we should see the leverage that's coming from the 6.9% plus inflation revenue increase year-on-year with O&M costs exclusive of, again, depreciation because of this big CapEx program that's rising slightly larger than inflation. We should see a decent amount of compound growth off of the 2011 number as we go forward through the rest of the price control periods through 2015. And again, sorry, what was the second...
William Spence: REO.
Paul Farr: Oh, sorry, REO.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, REO, please.
Paul Farr: REO is expected to do a couple of things. I think probably the most significant thing is, and the reason why you don't see with a very large CapEx program a bigger increase in rev over the five-year horizon is that the current regulatory depreciation rate, which ends up in revenue in the U.K., is 20 years, and that's likely to be extended to 40 years. In addition, the regulatory review period, and we'll get our first opportunity to see this upcoming in the gas cycle here, is expected to be extended from five years to eight years. So this kind of formula rate treatment and the predictability and forecastability should go out over a longer period of time, to be determined what happens in the intervening years, though, because eight years is a long period to commit to a capital structure as to what they will permit or what they will do with the cap structure, meaning interest rates, assumed interest rates in your model cap structure over that eight-year period of time. I think there's more to come on that. They've issued kind of, if you will, position papers early, thought papers around that in early last year and late last year, but I think we'll get our first real opportunity once the gas distribution folks go through the process, and then they'll be expanded to us.
William Spence: And that interest rate as well as just other impacts a longer cycle could help offset the longer depreciation period from that 20 to 40 years, as Paul said.
Paul Farr: Right. So I think...
William Spence: And that we'll have to wait and see how things shake out, but I don't know that it would fundamentally change our view of the benefits of the U.K. regulatory scheme.
Paul Farr: Right. And in that new period, if they do alter depreciation-wise, they would simply -- that would slowly blend in as you bleed off the time of return of the legacy assets versus the new things that you add. So it would be a slow progression over time.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And if I look at Slide 17, and you were talking about pension expense, and your comments were very helpful, the GBP 20 million in 2011, what's the baseline in 2010? I'm just trying to -- increases from GBP 20 million to GBP 55 million, I'm just trying to think about what the bridge is from '10 to '11?
Paul Farr: Let me try to get that number for you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Or is it a -- I'm trying to think about, is that GBP 20 million the incremental from '10 to '11? Or is it something smaller because you're not including the '10 base?
Paul Farr: Just one second.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: We can follow up offline.
Paul Farr: Let me try -- let's follow up offline, if you don't mind.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Reza Hatefi of Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: Paul, you mentioned $250 million equity in '11 or, I guess, the tail end of 2011. Is that still DRIP or not?
Paul Farr: It would either be an ATM and at-the-market or something. Within the DRIP program, we do have the discount waiver opportunity or capability that we added last year to the program. But it would be one of those three mechanisms.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: And then I guess, you guys raise CapEx a lot and had previously sort of talked about maybe $300 million a year of DRIP dribble every year, essentially. Is that still the plan, given the new CapEx forecast?
Paul Farr: I think if we add the significantly higher and its all very timely recovery environmental CapEx for Kentucky, that number could grow. I think we need to wait to see what the final regulations look like and what the compliance schedules are to be able to give you a better definition around what the amounts would be and over what time frames. That was more at a planning rate that was with a lower level of environmental and other CapEx in Kentucky, so it would be enhanced off that a bit.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: Given the increased CapEx in your new slides, I guess?
Paul Farr: That's correct.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: And then you guys said you're mostly hedged on coal in 2013. Is that going to -- from a price perspective, is that going to be similar to 2012 or a little bit higher? Or how should we think about that?
William Spence: Yes, it'll probably be a little bit higher, because it builds in some price increases that are in the longer-term contracts.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: And lastly, could you give your current thoughts on basis?
William Spence: Sure. Yes, I think last year, we ended with a negative basis to the weighted average of our plants of about $1.40. But as I mentioned on the last call, we had hedges in place that were helping to offset that. So we wound up at a positive $0.84 with our hedges incorporated. If you look at last year, as I mentioned, there were numerous transmission outages, in fact, more than we've ever seen in the recent past. There are somewhat less outages this year, and you have the trail line coming into service in June, which should help basis relative to last year. So I think while we've assumed zero, I think we're still very comfortable that that's an achievable number, and perhaps there may be a little bit of upside, depending on how things shake out with the trail line and congestion.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: And then your average energy-hedged prices, I guess you've taken away the fully loaded disclosure that you used to give. Besides capacity, should we just add your basis commentary to the energy, and then we're sort of there where we were relative to your prior disclosures?
William Spence: That's correct. In the past, we also had a small amount for ancillary services, but of late, they've been very small as well. So yes, if you just added the capacity back in, in the basis assumption, then you're back to the fully loaded price.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom O'Neil of Green Arrow.
Tom O'Neil: I just had two separate questions, so first was on the REO model. Is there any clarity just in terms of how they would be dealing with double leverage in the intermediate holding company? And then second question is on rail rates, just what the duration of the current contracts are and just the price reset periods.
William Spence: Sure. On the first question, no, there is no, not that I'm aware, there's no impact to double leverage on the REO. On the coal, our major contract with NS expires at the end of 2012.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
James Miller: Okay. Thank you, Operator. And thank you for all tuning in on the call. I'd just make a couple of comments here as we close. One, I think we're very pleased with the results of our Kentucky acquisition thus far. And I think pretty clear we have accomplished what we intended when you see our reg earnings jumping from 27% up to 50%. So we're certainly moving along with our strategic direction that we've laid out to you. I think we're very pleased as we look at our potential compound annual growth rate, just shy of 10% on a regulated rate base, and also the high percentage of spend in that growth rate base that will come from regulatory jurisdictions where we eliminate a good part of the regulatory lag. So we're very encouraged by that. We've also pointed out, I think, that we do stand to benefit, basically, from the EPA regs as we see them unfolding, based, to some extent, on our early work in our Pennsylvania fleet and our Montana -- condition of our Montana assets and also the regulatory posture we have or structure we have in place in Kentucky. So I think with that, we feel pretty good about going forward. We've seen some encouraging industrial growth in some of our regulatory regions. And I think that's what we all want to see. And as this economy continues to try to recover, I think our position will strengthen there as well. And we'll see, I hope, improved prices in PJM, and we'll be able to take advantage of a really good fleet and good pricing position we have in the PJM Interconnection. So with that, I thank you all for sitting in on the call and look forward to talking to you again. Thank you, Operator.
Operator: Thank you again for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Joe Bergstein - Manager, IR Jim Miller - Chairman, President & CEO Paul Farr - EVP and CFO Bill Spence - EVP, COO; President-PPL Generation
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Steve Fleishman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Brain Chin - Citi
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rachel and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation first quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Joe Bergstein, Manager of Investor Relations, please begin.
Joe Bergstein: Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. The company's forecasted financial information in this presentation does not reflect any impact of the recently announced agreement to acquire E.ON US, including the required financing related to that acquisition. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company’s SEC filing. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
Jim Miller: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Joe and thanks to all of you for joining us for the second time in a week to hear some more pertinent information about our quarter and other items. We’ll start today’s call of course with our general session and commentary on first quarter and then we’ll get right into questions. And with me today Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer, and Bill Spence, our Chief Operating Officer. This morning, we reported GAAP earnings of $0.66 a share with $0.64 per share in the first quarter of 2009. Earnings from ongoing operations for the first quarter were up substantially from a year ago, $0.94 per share this year versus $0.60 per share in 2009. As we fully expected, we did achieve dramatically higher earnings from our supply segment in 2010 following the expiration of a decade-long contract with our electric delivery company in Pennsylvania. Supply segment earnings from ongoing operations were nearly triple what they were in the first quarter of last year. 2010 supply segment earnings are benefiting from the fact that we locked in wholesale energy crisis that are much higher than the current market crisis. The substantial gains we saw on our supply segment for the quarter were somewhat offset by lower earnings in both our delivery businesses in Pennsylvania and the United Kingdom. This morning, we also reaffirmed our 2010 forecast of $3.10 to $3.50 per share in earnings from ongoing operations. And our forecast for GAAP earnings for the year reflected special items that were recorded in the first quarter now stand at $2.82 to $3.22 per share. Although, challenges still persist in our sector, including low energy prices, lower electricity demand and some lingering economic uncertainty, we are well positioned, because we’ve hedged virtually 100% of our expected generation out for the year. And Paul will outline the other major drivers of our 2010 earnings forecast in just a moment. We continue to expect the performance of our supply business for the year will overcome lower returns from our delivery businesses, which have been pressured by somewhat higher O&M costs. Just a couple of brief comments on the announcements last week regarding our plans to acquire E.ON US. As I said at the time, the transformational transaction for PPL, the one that creates a stronger, more diversified enterprise that retains the considerable upsides from our high quality supply business from the inevitable improvements in wholesale power prices. So our plan to close this transaction by the end of the year and we’ll keep you informed regarding our progress on that effort. One more item to highlight before turning the call over to Paul and Bill. In late March, we did file a request with the Pennsylvania PUC for a 2.4% increase in revenues at PPL Electric Utilities, which would be effective January 1, 2011. So the PUC review process is underway and we expect a decision on a request late this year. Meanwhile, the transition to a competitive electricity market in the PPL Electric Utilities service area has been very successful. More than 410,000 customers have selected an alternative energy supplier and at this point nearly half of the electricity being used by PPL Electric Utilities customers is being provided by alternatives suppliers. With that I’ll turn the call over to Paul for more details.
Paul Farr: Thanks Jim, and good morning everyone. I definitely missed being here last week for the major announcements, but my wife and I had a personal acquisition to complete in China which was successful. I very much look forward to discuss in the Kentucky transaction with you as we work through the approval process and the implementation of the ultimate financing plan for that acquisition. Let's move to slide five. Earnings from our supply business increased significantly in the first quarter as the polar contract between PPL Electric Utilities and PPL EnergyPlus expired at the end of last year. The supply business is clearly benefiting from the hedges we entered into at prices that are higher than current market prices. Partially offsetting the supply segment performance were lower earnings in both our Pennsylvania and International Delivery segments. I’ll summarize the key segment earnings drivers for the first quarter and then provide an update on our 2010 forecast. Let's start with the supply segment performance on slide six. The supply segment earned $0.64 per share in the first quarter, a $0.42 increase over a year ago. The single biggest driver of the first quarter earnings was the significantly higher realized prices for our eastern baseload generation compared to the price we received under the full requirements contracts with PPL Electric Utilities that expired again at the end of the last year. First quarter energy margins also benefited from higher baseload generation and partially offsetting these margin drivers were lower net margins from load-following agreements due to lower than expected customer demand, higher O&M expense at our Susquehanna nuclear plant due to the timing of this year’s refueling outage, higher depreciation due to the Brunner Island scrubbers that were placed into service and the absence of a gain recorded in 2009 on the repurchase of a portion of PPL Energy Supply's outstanding debt. Moving to slide seven, our Pennsylvania Delivery segment earned $0.10 per share in the first quarter, a $0.04 declined compared to last year. This decrease was the result of lower delivery margins primarily due to milder weather, modest economic growth and customers' apparent response to the increased cost of energy as well as higher O&M expenses due to increased staffing and expanded vegetation management activity. Turning to slide eight, our International Delivery segment earned $0.27 per share in the first quarter, a $0.04 decline compared to last year. The decrease was the result of higher O&M primarily driven by higher pension expense, higher interest expense on index-linked bonds as a result of higher UK inflation and higher UK income taxes. This was partially offset by higher delivery revenue driven by higher prices and a more favorable exchange rate. Turning to slide nine, as previously mentioned we are reaffirming our 2010 earnings forecast of $3.10 to $3.50 per share. We continue to expect strong earnings growth driven by significantly higher energy margins primarily based on hedge power and fuel prices as well as established capacity prices for our PJM baseload generation. These higher energy margins are expected to be partially offset by higher O&M in the supply segment primarily driven by higher labor costs and increased work at our Susquehanna nuclear station, increased operating expenses at PPL EnergyPlus and higher support group costs. Higher depreciation as well as lower earnings at WPE, which are primarily driven by higher financing costs, higher income taxes and higher pension expense. Partially offsetting these are higher delivery margins and more favorable currency exchange rates. Finally we expect higher O&M in the Pennsylvania Delivery segment due to increase funding for customer programs, increased vegetation management costs and higher bad debt expense. Factoring in all these drivers, we expect approximately 74% of our 2010 earnings will come from our supply segment, 17% from International and 9% from Pennsylvania Delivery. On slide 10, we’ve updated our 2010 free cash flow before dividend numbers from the year end call to reflect a higher level of third party collateral in our supply segment, the construction delay of the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line, which Bill will discuss in more detail in a moment. And increase funding at our EPD pension plan. With that I’d like to turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations.
Bill Spence: Thanks Paul and good morning everyone. Let’s turn to slide 11 and I’ll start with an update of our delivery businesses. Last month PPL Electric Utilities completed its fourth polar solicitation for the 2011 to mid 2013 power supply needs. The solicitation was a 14 month full requirements contract for about 17% of the electricity needed from January 2011 to February 2012. PPL EU has now locked in prices from suppliers for more than two/thirds of the electricity that customers are expected to need for the first quarter of next year. While too soon to predict how customers bills could change in 2011, the average price of our purchases thus far for 2011 is about 16% below the current standard offer prices. As Jim mentioned retail competition has been flourishing in the PPL Electric Utilities territory with over 410,000 customers now shopping. PPL Electric Utilities filed a distribution rate case as Jim also mentioned and I will give you some details of that filing in a minute. Finally regarding the Susquehanna to Roseland transmission line, both PPL Electric Utilities and public service electric and gas are working with the National Park Service to obtain any approvals that maybe needed throughout the line to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. The National Park Service has indicated that its review will be completed in 2012. We anticipate this process will delay the in-service date to late 2013 or early 2014. On the international front, WPD accepted Ofgem’s final proposals for the five-year price control review and new rates became effective April 1. Let’s turn to slide 12 and take a closer look at the PPL Electric Utilities rate case. PPL EU seeking a $115 million distribution rate increase to recover among other things, investments made in the distribution system over the last three years. The request represents a 2.4% increase in PPL Electric Utilities total revenues. The filing incorporates a 2010 test year and we’re requesting an 11.75% ROE on a rate base of $2.24 billion within equity ratio of 48.4%. The docket number is on the slide, so you can track the case as it progresses. Now moving on to supply and slide 13. during the first quarter we completed the previously announced sale of our Long Island assets to J-Power. Commercial availability of our generation fleet was excellent in the quarter capturing 98% of the market value available to our generating stations. Helping that figure was the performance of our Susquehanna nuclear plant, which set a record for simultaneous operation of both reactors. The two units operated together for 287 days, the streak ended when we shut down the unit one reactor to begin a planned refueling and maintenance outage. During the unit one outage we continued our power upgrade work which included installing a modern digital control system for plant equipment as well as replacement of pump turbines that provide water to the reactor vessel. The unit is currently online at approximately 80% power as it goes through a serious of testing procedures following an outage delay of more than a week. Moving on to an update of our hedging program on slide 14, we’ve updated our hedge positions as of March 31. These hedge levels have increased somewhat since the update we provided you on our fourth quarter earnings call. You will also note that the average hedge price has declined by $1 per megawatt in 2010 and $2 a megawatt hour in 2011 and 2012. The declining prices reflects the impact of lower prices associated with new hedges and an adjustment to our assumption for basis. As a result of the continued weak natural gas price environment, basis between PGA and West Hub and our plants has been weaker than we have previously forecast. Turning to slide 15, on the fuel side, we’ve contracted for a 100% of our uranium needs through 2012. For 2010, our wholly owned plants are fully hedged for coal, with only a small open position at Keystone & Conemaugh. Now I’d like to turn the call back to Jim Miller for the Q&A. Jim?
Jim Miller: Thanks Bill. All right operator, you can open it up for questions from the callers.
Operator: 
 :
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank:  Could you comment on reports we've seen out of Kentucky that the AG might push to have the pending rate cases suspended until the transaction closes. The sale agreement seems to give you an out if there's an unfavorable decision, but we're not clear where things would stand if you have no decision
Jim Miller: Well Jonathan, it's pretty difficult to comment. I think we are aware of that and what we have, obviously attempted to do, we have been intimately involved in our due diligence of looking at the proposed or filed rate case and looked at the details of that and we feel, it’s a fare very justifiable rate case request in the sense of the history of the storms they have had there and obviously some other needed recovery. So I think we again feel that it is a logical and fair request that's been submitted and we anxiously await to working with the commission to see it through.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank:  Would you close the transaction absent a decision in the case?
Jim Miller: Yes we would.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: There's obviously been a decent amount of public pushback on the request in the state. Can you share with us at all kind of how you've thought about modeling and how comp in your statements around accretion from the deal, et cetera? You obviously gave us the inputs in terms of rate base, et cetera, the other day, but you've assumed some kind of outcome consistent with a tennish ROE, for example, any color you can give us there?
Paul Farr: Well Jonathan this is Paul. It is clearly large percentage of that rate request comes Trimble County 2 coming online, an already improved baseload generation facility as well as the storm cost recovery that Jim mentioned. With the future test year that was selected, if the decision was not consistent with the economic assumption that are in our base model, we would post acquisition operate the utility accordingly just like we would any other rate jurisdictional assets that we own and operate. So I clearly wouldn’t want to comment on what any assumption we made around ROEs were. The merits of the case are what they are and they are sitting in front of the commission right now. the commission has shown willingness and the capability clear to act in prior situation, so I think we just as Jim said, follow this through. We don’t own and operate the company today. so what we are at least a bit on the sideline as it relates to the pursuit of the outcome by both those utilities and at the end of day it really doesn’t matter who the owner is, the commission, we would hope, would act in understanding that all those costs are reflected to continue reliable service to customers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch 
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  On the basis spread, I think previously you have been using $3. Did you reduce that to $2?
Bill Spence: Yes, we had previously been around $3 if you looked at historical spreads, and we did reduce by a dollar our basis assumption as well as about a dollar for energy prices being weighted lower because of the new hedges put on. so if you look at the $2 that I mentioned for 2011 and 2012, it's pretty evenly split between a dollar for basis as well as dollar for just the weighted average price of a supply hedges coming down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: There's been a week since you made the announcement, and I'm sure you've gotten a lot of feedback from investors and so forth. Any new thoughts as to how you're going to do the equity issuance in terms of, is it going to be one big slug or maybe two or three smaller offerings or any new thoughts?
Jim Miller: No, I wouldn’t say there is any new thoughts at this point. I think we try to be as transparent as we could with everybody that we talk to and we are obviously going to continue to be out there talking to all those that would like to discuss the details, but I think as we’ve mentioned we have a solid financing plan. I think there is different ways obviously and we’ve discussed and considered various ways to handle this financing, but I think at this point in time I don’t have anything necessarily new or different to talk about on the financing plan.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Also looking at your coal hedge slide 15, it seems like sometimes the fixed base price percentages shift around with the percentage collars. Like last quarter for 2012, 5% of the hedges were fixed base price, 95% were collars, and now it's 20% and 80%. Does that move around or it's just because you added more hedges in 2012 and they're all fixed base price as that percentage went up and the collars went down?
Jim Miller: Yeah I think it probably is the latter, rather than former and yes, we do obviously forward purchase and lock in as much as we can on a fixed price basis still keeping in mind the collars. Some of it also reflects the roll forward of coal depending on units dispatching our models and obviously we are going to use the cheaper fixed price coal first. So some of it is modeling issue or coal inventories that we are high on inventories and they roll from 2010 to 2011 for example that could bump up 2011's fixed price because we dint use all the fixed price coal in 2010.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: And Keystone and Conemaugh excluded, around what price levels are those hedged at?
Jim Miller: Well I think they were probably not too far off from where some of our collared price range would be there. We don’t have all the intimate details of the contracts because we are just the partial owner clearly and we are not the operator. so I know that they have got a fairly balanced mix between spot and contract coal. Spot coal has been moving up, the supply demand fundamentals continue to be fairly strong on the coal supply side with $62 a ton or so on the balance of cal 2010 plus transportation of course. so we’re well below that on our hedges and I would expect they are probably slightly higher than our hedge levels.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: And just lastly, as a reminder, transport for you guys is $13 to $16, is that right?
Jim Miller: That would be a good historical kind of range, but I think with oil right now $84 plus or minus dollars, you are looking at probably around a $20 per ton for Northern Appalachian coal for deliveries in 2011 and 2012
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: So, on average, your fleet is roughly $20 transportation?
Jim Miller: Yeah, it depends on your assumption on diesel surcharges on the rails and whatever tariff increase you want to assume for transportation next year from the rail companies.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: First, on the trading and marketing, I'm sorry if I missed this, what was the amount for the quarter and are we still looking for, I think it was $35 million for 2010?
Paul Farr: That was the number in the plan for 2010. we were down $0.02 on load following quarter-over-quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: $0.02? It was negative quarter-over-quarter?
Paul Farr: Negative quarter-over-quarter, but at this point in time, we are as it relates to that number materially for the year of our business planning assumption.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And for 2011, what should we think? Are we still in the same, what you were thinking about that? I think it was a rebound (inaudible).
Paul Farr: Same kind of ballpark.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The other question sort of comes up, is that because we've sort of seen some volatility in the markets and what have you, how should we think about the equity financing? I think it's been asked already, are you guys thinking of any derivatives or any mechanisms that sort of lock that in or hedge that issue? How should we think about that?
Paul Farr: Yes we still are finalizing the permitted plan. That clearly is an option. As we said last week and we’ve been out talking to folks. I would clearly expect that if the equity slug that would come out first would be the high equity content security. As it relates to kind of either dribbling or going in trenches, we recognize that there is a bit of an apprehension of folks to kind of get in front of a larger equity offering. We don’t otherwise need the equity. So what I would say is that as Jim mentioned earlier, there's not been a change to the plan and I would expect that common equity would come out much closer to the close of the transaction. We may elect to do something in advance. We are still very much working on assessing the non-core asset portfolio and trying to drive as much as we can that towards some of the cash considerations. So nothing definitive yet in terms of the specifics on forward sales or derivatives to try to lock price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brain Chin with Citi
Brain Chin - Citi: Just back on the merger with E.ON. Does the deal, as it's written, allow you guys to potentially exit the deal if the regulators impose particularly onerous requirements?
Paul Farr: There is not that specific clause. The out that we would have is if there is something that would be so large, that would be a material adverse effect to the company which has a litigated if you well range, not a specific dollar amount from historical transaction, so there is not a specific dollar amounts in the contract and that's what the contract says.
Brain Chin - Citi: A follow-up to Reza's question. Did I understand it correctly, that when you are putting in your bid for a coal dispatch into the power markets that you do it based on where your hedged prices are, as opposed to spot prices for coal in the open market? Is that right?
Jim Miller: No, typically I was just talking about the hedge levels and the prices of the hedges that exist when we look at bidding in our units, typically we bid them in at replacement costs. So, whether that's gas or oil or coal it’s typically replacement costs.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: My question is on the hedge disclosures. Looking in the quarterly filing, and you used to provide a 2013 number, and then I think in the third quarter it was a 2013 and 2014 number and I think it's not in the first quarter filing. Is it reasonable to assume you also added a little bit to those hedges beyond 2012? Or is that just unchanged and therefore not disclosed?
Jim Miller: Yeah, it was a very small amount and I think we are still fairly lightly hedged for 2013. So, not a significant change in 2013.
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: But on the coal side, we are safe to use the number that was there before?
Jim Miller: On the fuel price side?
Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank: On the fuel side.
Jim Miller: Yes and just recognize those are mine amounts, or at the mine prices, so you need to add the transportation and whatever escalation assumptions you want to make on that?
Operator:
 :
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Any sense you might be able to give us on where the RPM auction might come out for your max zone?
Jim Miller: We are expecting probably in the $125 to $150 per megawatt day range. We saw some power trade for that period 13, 14 in about the $140, a little over a $140 megawatt day range. So, we think it’s going to be right in that kind of zip code.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Could you remind me what you got last time for max?
Jim Miller: I want to say $170, let me just double check that.
Paul Farr: Yes, it was upper $120 low $130. $133 sticks in my mind.
Jim Miller: Further 12 to 13 RPM auction.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Do you have a point of view at all on the other zone?
Jim Miller: Well, I would say a balance of pool probably in the $20 kind of range.
Paul Farr: $20 to $50.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. Are there any closing comments?
Jim Miller: No, closing comments. I think thanks everyone for being on the call. As I mentioned we continue our travels to try to touch base with as many folks as we possibly can to provide any clarification or details that need discussing. So, look forward to seeing many of you in the next two weeks. And with that operator thank you and thank you all for joining the call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for participating in today’s PPL Corporation first quarter conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Miller - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Paul Farr - Chief Financial Officer Bill Spence - Chief Operating Officer Joe Bergstein - Manager of Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates [Riza Hatiti] - Decade Capital Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Steve Fleishman - Bank of America Travis Miller - Morningstar Judd Arnold - King Street Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the PPL Corporation fourth quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  Mr. Joe Bergstein, Manager of Investor Relation, please begin.
Joe Bergstein: Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and 2009 results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company’s SEC filing. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
Jim Miller: All right, thanks Joe. Good morning everyone. Thanks for getting on the call. As normal, we’ll start with a general business update, and talk a little bit about the fourth quarter and year end results and then go into a Q-and-A session. On the call this morning with me are Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Bill Spence, Chief Operating Officer.  This morning as you know we released our fourth quarter and year end results, and for the fourth quarter we reported earnings of $0.40 a share on a GAAP basis, compared with earnings of $0.74 a share a year ago. Our 2009 full year GAAP results were $1.08 compared to $2.47 per share in 2008.  We are very pleased to report that our 2009 earnings from ongoing operations, based on our very strong fourth quarter, were $1.95 per share, well ahead of our forecast for the year, and the fourth quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.52 per share, versus $0.46 a year ago. Our strong performance in some pretty difficult times I think speaks well of our assets and our overall model, and about our dedication of our employees to help us work our way through a pretty tough year in the economy. We are able to outperform a very challenging business plan for the year, and we had very solid operating performance, and some higher wholesale energy margins. We implemented a cost reduction initiative early in the year, and that was an important contributor to our strong results for 2009.  On the operating front we set annual electricity generation records at some of our power plants in Pennsylvania and Montana. Some of these 2009 accomplishments will drive longer term benefits for our share owners and customers.  We successfully transitioned to competition in Pennsylvania this year, and we completed a successful regulatory review process in the United Kingdom, that sets our electric delivery prices for the next five years. Decisions to move ahead with major hydroelectric expansions in Pennsylvania and Montana were made, and the NRC approved a 20 year renewal of our operating license for the two units at the Susquehanna nuclear plant. Let’s move onto 2010; this morning we as well reaffirmed our 2010 earnings forecast of $3.10 to $3.50 a share. The mid point of our 2010 forecast represents nearly 70% increase over our 2009 earnings from ongoing operations. The main driver of the significant increase, of course, is the expected strong growth and energy margins in our supply business. I would just like to briefly comment on a couple of public policy issues before we turn the call over to Paul and Bill. As you all are seeing out there in the news, it appears very unlikely that we’ll see congressional action regarding CO2 emissions in the near future. We do continue to believe that certainty would be beneficial as the industry moves down the road, but I am not real optimistic that there will be definitive legislation action anytime soon. Meanwhile, PPL and other utility companies will provide input as the environmental projection agency process moves forward.  In Pennsylvania, our rate caps have expired for the customers of PPL electric utilities. There has been substantial competitive retail supplier activity in the service area, and that benefits not only PPL, but its customers as well. As of this week, more than 288,000 of the company’s 1.4 million electric delivery customers have selected an alternate electricity provider. As a result more than 40% of the electricity being used and electric utility service territory is being supplied by alternative suppliers.  So this really reinforces that this competitive marketplace is working well for the customers in Pennsylvania as was intended. Needless to say, we’re continuing to provide customers with information about their supply options and on ways they can use their energy more wisely. So with that, I’ll turn the call over to Paul Farr.
Paul Farr: Thanks Jim, and good morning everyone. I’d like to begin by reminding everyone that 2008 earnings from ongoing operations includes the operating results of the gas delivery business, but excludes special items related to its divestiture last year. As Jim mentioned, our fourth quarter earnings from ongoing operations were higher than last year, primarily driven by higher energy margins in the supply segment, and higher delivery margins at WPD. Lower earnings in our Pennsylvania delivery segment were a slight drag on the quarter. I will summarize the key earnings drivers by segment for 2009, and then get into our 2010 earnings forecast. Let’s start with the supply segment performance for 2009 on slide seven. The supply segment earned $0.88 per share in 2009, a $0.07 increase over 2008 results. Clearly the single biggest drive of the comparative margins was the $0.20 in trading losses in 2008 that we incurred when the market experienced a dramatic decline in wholesale energy prices and power market liquidity. Other positive drivers of energy margins for the supply business segment in 2009 included higher value from our generation portfolio, partially offset by lower net margins from lower following agreements and due to lower customer demand, higher operations and maintenance expenses and higher depreciation. Turning to slide eight, our Pennsylvania delivery segment earned $0.35 per share in 2009, a $0.09 decline compared to 2008. This decrease was the net result of lower delivery margins primarily due to milder weather and the weak economy, as well as higher financing costs due to the pre-funding of a portion of PPL electric utilities 2009 debt maturity in October of 2008. Turning to slide nine, our international delivery segment earned $0.72 per share in 2009, a $0.05 decline compared to 2008. The decrease was primarily driven by less favorable currency exchange rates in 2009 compared with 2008. The FX impact was partially offset by higher delivery margins, primarily driven by higher prices due to inflation and a more favorable customer mix; lower O&M primarily driven by lower pension expense; lower interest expense and WPD’s indexed bonds and lower U.K. income taxes. Turning to slide 10, as previously mentioned we are reaffirming our 2010 earnings forecast of $3.10 to $3.50 per share. The higher expected earnings are driven by strong growth in energy margins from the generation portfolio, and primarily based on hedge power and fuel prices, as well as established capacity prices and PJM for this year. These higher energy margins are expected to be partially offset by lower earnings at WPD, primarily driven by higher income taxes, higher pension expense and higher financing costs, which are in turn expected to be partially offset by higher delivery margins and more favorable currency exchange rates. Higher O&M in the Pennsylvania delivery business segment did increase funding for customer programs, increased management and expected high [uncollectible] expenses as well as higher depreciation. Factoring in all these drivers, we expect approximately 77% of our 2010 earnings will come from our supply segment, international to contribute 15%, and the Pennsylvania delivery segment 8%. On slide 11, we’ve updated our free cash flow before dividend numbers, which will reflect 2009 actual results, as well as a few minor changes for 2010. The variances to 2009 from the numbers presented during the third quarter call primarily result some increased earnings, moving anticipated closing of the sale of the Long Island assets to 2010, and changes in the working capital.  We do expect the Long Island sale to close very soon. The 2010 forecast for the international segment reflects adjustments to CapEx, resulting from the completion of DPCR5, as well as more current projections of exchange rate. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations.
Bill Spence: Thanks Paul, and good morning everyone. Let us turn to slide 12, and I’m going to start with an update on our delivery businesses. Last month the Pennsylvania public utility commission conducted a binding poll, which indicates their intent to approve the PPL electric utility’s portion of the Susquehanna-Roseland 500 Kv transmission line. A final order from the PUC is expected later this month.  We continue to work with the National Park Service to secure the relevant approvals for a small section of an existing line that would be upgraded as part of this project. PJM continues to support the need for this line in a May 2012 in service date. As Jim mentioned, more than 288,000 PPL electric utilities customers have selected an alternate competitive electric supplier for 2010. There are about 27 different retail suppliers providing electricity supply in the PPL EU territory, seven of them are focused on residential customers. We have continued to encourage our customers to take advantage of opportunities, as well as the many options that PPL provides for reducing electric usage. I do want to stress that the effects of customer switching will have no material financial impact on PPL as a result of our 2010 generation hedging strategy. For PPL electric utilities of course this is just a pass through of cost, and therefore it does not affect that business segment at all.  Our supply segment is not materially affected as it sold only 3% of its 2010 expected generation in the load falling type transaction. This of course includes transactions with PPL electric utilities. Let me also provide a brief update on the electric utilities 2011 to mid 2013 Polar Procurement Process. PPL electric utilities recently completed their third solicitation, which covered the 11 month period from January 1, 2011 through November 30, 2011, and thus far approximately one-third of the 2011 polar supplies having contracted by electric utilities under their PUC approved procurement plan. One final note on the PPL electric utilities side; retail sales of the utility in the fourth quarter were 2.9% lower than the fourth quarter of 2008 on the weather normalize basis. This decrease was driven by lower industrial sales which dropped by 9.6% for the quarter. For the full year retail sales were down 3.1%, driven by lower industrial sales of 11.9%.  Even though electric utility sales are down, distribution revenue has not declined significantly because of their rate structure for industrial customers, which is largely based on customer demand charges rather than kilowatt hour charges. For 2010 we are expecting 1.7% low recovery compared to 2009. Turning to slide 13; in our international segment, as Jim mentioned, Ofgem the U.K. Regulator has issued its final proposals for their fifth price control view period. We feel it’s fair and produced a constructive outcome for WPD. The result allows for an average increase in revenues of 6.9% per year plus inflation. The high revenues are the result of achieving an approved plan which forecast a capital spending increase of 31%, and operating expense increase as the 14%.  Additionally the exceptional performance by WPD has earned us additional revenue of over $240 million, with the potential to earn above this under the Ofgem incentive programs. The components of the revenue bonus are outlined for you on this slide. Now moving onto supply; I’m pleased to report that as the direct result of hard work by our dedicated employees, the Susquehanna nuclear station set a generation record in 2009. The plant safely and reliably generated almost 19.50 million megawatt hours last year, and unit one set its own generation record, producing almost 10.50 million megawatt hours. The station also received NRC approval for 20 year operating license extensions for both the units. We also set new generation records for our hydro output in Montana and our Brunner Island station in Pennsylvania. On the hydroelectric front, PPL receive FERC approval to expand our Holtwood hydro plant in Pennsylvania. Construction on its 125 megawatt expansion has already begun, and we expect to finish the work in the spring of 2013. In Montana we also have begun construction to expand the Rainbow hydro plant. That expansion and redevelopment will replace several small units with the combined capacity of 37 megawatts, with a single 60 megawatt unit. Construction is expected to be completed in 2012.  In the fourth quarter we also completed our final scrubber construction project, when we placed the second scrubber at the Brunner Island plant in service. All the scrubbers, including those at the Montour facility, were successfully completed on time, safely and within budget. This was over a five year, $1.4 billion effort, and again, just a great job by our employees. Finally in November we completed the sale of majority of our hydro assets in Main for about $81 million. Moving onto an update of our hedge program on slide 15, we have updated our hedge positions as of December 31. These levels have not changed substantially from the update we provided you at the end of the third quarter. We continue to hedge our 2010 through 2012 expected economic generation, primarily through option collars, to protect against downer price movements and allow some up side as market prices recover. This collared approach protects the base load generation from the volumetric risk associated with low falling contracts, as well as the associated price risk. In addition, all of our capacity has been hedged, primarily through selling forward capacity in our PM auctions. On the fuel side, we’ve contracted for 100% of our uranium needs through 2012 as shown on slide 16; and for 2010, our wholly owned plans are fully hedged for coal, with only a small open position at Keystone & Conemaugh. Now I’d like to turn the call back Jim Miller for Q-and-A. Jim.
Jim Miller: Thanks Bill. Alright operator, let’s open up for questions please.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The trading and marketing impact for the fourth quarter, could you elaborate a little bit more on that? I missed the quantification of it, I’m sorry, and just if you could review what it was for the year, what your outlook again is for 2010?
Jim Miller: We ended up just a bit short because of the lower marketing volumes on the $85 million target and we have decreased that expectation number down to $35 million for 2010, based upon the back log that we’ve got on marketing deals, and where we expect customer demand levels to be.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, then taxes for the fourth quarter, there was still a little bit low to me, could you just elaborate a little bit more on that, and just refresh our memory for what it should be for 2010?
Jim Miller: It was primarily driven in the fourth quarter by settlement of some items with the U.K. Inland Revenue that went in our favor, as well as year end dividend planning that we implemented. I would expect next year that we would experience it.  I referenced it in my points primarily related to the international segment. I think we ended 2009 in the upper teens from an effective tax rate prospective in international, that we’d be in the 27%, 28% range for next year, bringing corporate to something around 36%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, so what was the impact of the settlement and the other thing that you described earlier in the fourth quarter?
Jim Miller: It was around a total of $0.08, was around $0.03 from dividend planning and around $0.03 or $0.04 from settlement of the Inland Revenue item.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Then just in terms of customer migration; shopping, what’s your latest numbers on that, and your expectations? I mean, I know that you guys don’t have a lot of exposure there, I don’t believe you do. You guys don’t have a lot of the forward contract, but could you just give us a little more favor as to what you’re seeing there in your service territory?
Paul Farr: Sure Paul. I mentioned in my comments and I think Jim as well, that we have right now about 288,000 customers shopping. That represents about 41% of the total retail load in the PPL Electric Utility Territory. That continues to grow. About 20% of the customers have now engaged in shopping, and if you recall, we had about 10% of the customers that had taken advantage of the electric utilities prepaid, post pays-in program. So you have right now about a third of the customers that have taken proactive steps to manage their electric bill, and we expect that to continue; but you’re right, it does not have a material impact on our supply business, and of course no impact on the electric utility business, because it’s just the cost pass through.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: You know who’s getting the majority of your load? Do you know who the competitors are there that seem to be capturing most of that load, and who has the pole that might be following off the most or who has the most exposure there. Obviously you guys don’t, so who would it be do you think?
Jim Miller: I can’t really say, I don’t know specifically for one thing, and even if I did know specifically, I wouldn’t be able to tell you under the confidentiality provisions under which suppliers are bound, so sorry for that.
Paul Farr: This is Paul again; that impact on taxes for the quarter, I was off. I was thinking versus budget. It was just $0.03 versus prior year in the quarter. The rest had been booked before that in Q4.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: What was it for the full year I guess?
Paul Farr: The total for the full year, year-on-year was $0.06 I believe in net movement. So tax planning that was more beneficial in ‘09 over ‘08, which also had some effective tax planning in it as well.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Then just finally back on the customer migration, how much do you think will be? I mean of course a lot of people may not be getting around the total sources now. How much do you think in the end or do you have any projections to how much actually might end up shopping?
Paul Farr: We don’t have a specific projection Paul, but I think certainly the industrial and the commercial accounts are pretty much set in my mind, because they were most aware and most concerned, and are targeted by the larger group of marketers in the region; it was 27 that I mentioned. On the residential side, I think customer shopping will continue as more and more retailed suppliers come into the territory. I wouldn’t be surprised to see us up at the 30% total level when all is said and done, but we don’t have a specific projection, so that’s just my best guess at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Riza Hatiti] - Decade Capital.
Riza Hatiti - Decade Capital: Could you talk about, I guess with WPD, what the earnings trajectory is for that segment going forward over the next few years. I guess given that it’s a U.K. company it’s tough to kind of model it out.
Jim Miller: You’ve got the midpoint number in the press release as it relates to 2010, and you can see some of the net effect of the degradation that I talked about from the movement in pension and interest expense and the benefit being offset by the revenue.  I will say that, when you look at the comment that Bill made about the north of 6% average increase over the five years, inland revenue did shape that, so that the up front impact to the consumer was lower, so that when we look at the shape of the margins, we are much more benefited at the back end of the five year plans, specifically in 13, 14, than we are at the front end. So that kept down the headline rate to the consumer that allowed the companies to earn over the five years, what we think was a fair return, a fair trade off for the items that they did change. So I think we don’t have a forecast out beyond 2010, but I’ll expect an earnings profile that would grow through the five years off of the 2010 number.
Riza Hatiti - Decade Capital: The 6% revenue increase per year, some of that gets offset I guess with increased cost and interest and things of that nature?
Jim Miller: Well they do, but again both grow. We did get a 14% increase in OpEx versus the prior five year to go along with that higher level of CapEx spending, and both the rate base and O&M costs are allowed to grow by inflation. So there is some netting down with the natural hedge of the inflation index bonds that we used to finance the entity, but both the rate base and O&M benefit by inflation each year. So some of that natural increase is built in and offset through the rate making process itself.
Riza Hatiti - Decade Capital: I also noticed that your 2012 generation volumes went up, especially the east base load went up I think by around 2.5 or so terawatt hours, what does that due to?
Jim Miller: There’s a couple of things driving that, but the biggest of those is the start of a contract with the Longview coal plants; it’s under construction in West Virginia where we have an off take agreement there. There was some outage timing that positively impacts 12, and then the full year of the Susquehanna Nuclear Plant Unit 2 upgrade, it comes into play in that year as well. So those are the three drivers.
Paul Farr: Riza, we had previously accounted for, I’ll use that term loosely, the Longview project as a marketing asset that’s similar to the rest of the generation assets, including the pulls on Ironwood; that’s now all in the generation book. So we’re reflecting that there. It just previously wasn’t categorized as that internally.
Riza Hatiti - Decade Capital: This Longview, how should we think about the cost to you? Obviously, you have it in your expected generation and you have the average hedge price and whatever is open gets market price, but what is the cost to PPL?
Paul Farr: The cost is confidential pursuant to the contract, but what I would say is that it’s basically a West Hub financial swap. So we basically get West Hub price power, and the price pursuant to the contract today versus forward prices is not materially different. It’s been significantly in the money, but its power price has come down. It’s still in our favor, but not as significantly as it was.
Riza Hatiti - Decade Capital: Just lastly on slide 16, you have your coal hedges; am I reading this correctly, that for example in 2012 you’re 62% hedged in east, and of the 62%, 5% is fixed base and 95% is scholars.
Paul Farr: Yes, you’re reading it correct, that’s right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: You talked through guidance for ‘09; can you talk about drivers that got you there and any implications as to what you’re thinking; either end of your 2010 guidance, and then just what you think the big variables to watch in 2010 are. You’ve obviously got some pretty wide guidance out there.
Paul Farr: When you say guidance for 2009, the actual performance versus if you were where we ended up.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Yes, you talked to the top end of your guidance. What got you there and does that carry through to ‘10?
Paul Farr: From our quarterly prospective, I think as we assess performance for the year, we’re kind of built on performance throughout the year. We had a very solid fourth quarter. We went into the quarter a little short from a power prospective as we saw prices decline and recognized that we had a natural edge in the load-following deals that we had. So if power crises would have risen, and that would have logically been driven by customer demand, there was a natural offset.  So at the front end of the quarter we got some benefit by being a little bit short in our power book, and then as we got to the month of December at the very back end of the quarter, we saw some very good customer demand pickup as a result of the cold whether, and that clearly benefited the load-following deals, and that’s continued a bit into obviously January. The cost reduction initiative that Jim outlined at the very beginning of the year, a whole series of things that we did to try to address costs early looked like marketing was going to start to comedown in a meaningful way for us. It got us probably in the $0.12 to $0.13 land for the year, and then I think we handled the demand destruction extremely well, through a whole series of initiatives that the guys took in the various books, the generation book and the marketing book.  Then as well strong generation performance; really throughout the year, ex the loss of a unit at coal strip that we had, but ultimately in Q3 and Q4 we did get some insurance recovery from a business continuity prospective. I think it was a steady performance Paul throughout the year, and cap-stoned again by very strong generation performance and a very strong marketing and trading prospective in the last quarter as well.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: You anticipate some of these impacts flowing into ‘10?
Paul Farr: We did factor where we were able to reiterate guidance for these last couple of quarters. Now when you say a wide range, we’re still exposed a bit, to obviously operating performance, the more hedges that we get, we’re exposed to interest rates, the currency exchange rates. I mean it would take a lot of things moving negative on us to get to the bottom end of the range. If we get beneficial weather, if the generation continues to perform strongly, which it has as we’ve entered this year, we clearly expect that we can outperform the midpoint. So all of those items have really been kind of factored into the range when we said it, and as we’ve been able to reiterate it. So we feel very good about 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Fleishman - Bank of America.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America: If you look at your Pennsylvania delivery forecast for 2010, could you give us a sense what earned ROE you would have in Pennsylvania based on that, and assuming it is pretty low, which I think it is. What is your plan for getting some rate relief at this point?
Paul Farr: Yes, the ROE for ‘09 was right around 8%. It will be in the lower 6% for 2010, and as we’ve kind of said in the past, we expect that we’d be filing a rate case probably near the end of Q1 here for new rates to be effective on January 1, 2011. So that would be the mechanism to get the earned back to a more acceptable level.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America: Then one other question; just curious, I think Bill mentioned the load forecast is up 1.7%. I assume some of that is just normal weather helping as well, but I know in Pennsylvania they’re starting to implement a lot of new energy efficiency initiatives, and I am curious, kind of what you are expecting the impact of energy efficiency to be on kind of just the deliveries in 2010 and beyond.
Bill Spence: Sure yes, I did mention the 1.7%, and that on a weather normalized basis, that’s the net. Yes, we do expect on the energy efficiency side around a percent or so of load reduction as a result of those initiatives, so it really needs to get 2.7% let’s say, then down to 1% for energy efficiency, but we did build that into our forecast.
Operator: Your next question comes from Travis Miller - Morningstar
Travis Miller - Morningstar: A question on your hedge position; it looks like you haven’t done too much with it since maybe first half of 2009, and I was wondering if you could just talk through, especially that 2012 on the energy pricing side. Is there something you see right now in the market or should we expect it’ll kind of forward hedge roll on here in the next couple of quarters to move that ratio up.
Paul Farr: I do think that over the next couple of quarters you’ll see it start to layer in hedges for 2012. We’ve been obviously with the downturn in the natural gas prices and the economy. We’ve been waiting for hopefully a rebound to give us some opportunity to layer in some more favorable hedges, but as we get closer to ’12, we will want to start to lock some of that in.
Jim Miller: Now I mean when you say go back to Q2, as prices started to comedown, even the hedges that we did back then are in the money, given additional price deterioration. We did hedge really to almost the upper end of our three year hedging program, limits at 100%, 90% and 60%. So at that point in time there wasn’t much of a view, but today as Bill said, we’re hopeful that there will be some recovery in prices as customer demand picks back up.  So the hedge positions are, we think very strong; we’re glad we put them on, and we would be looking over the year as utilities bid load following. As the market presents some better opportunities we will like to hedge that up a bit as we make our way throughout the year.
Travis Miller - Morningstar: I suppose that correspondence to a more bullish viewpoint on demand on the delivery side, as well in the area or in the state across the region?
Jim Miller: Yes, I think we’re certainly expecting some recovery, how quick is anyone’s guess. I did mention in my prepared remarks that we are using, and continue to use scholars to retain some of the up side in our hedging program.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judd Arnold - King Street.
Judd Arnold - King Street: Just following up on Riza’s question, I think you guys said you moved Longview and Ironwood into generation for marketing. I was wondering, is there any impact this quarter? When I look at marketing, the change in gross margin, is that impacted at all by that move.
Jim Miller: No.
Judd Arnold - King Street: That’s just go forward?
Jim Miller: That’s correct.
Judd Arnold - King Street: My second question, Exelon made some comments at the CSB conference this week, talking about the 2012 or the next RPM auction that they think we’re going to start to see impacts of guides with smaller and efficient coal plants withholding capacity or pricing that capacity at a big premium to just offset some of the ongoing environmental costs; do you think that’s a true statement or can you add a color to that?
Jim Miller: Well, certainly those types of plants are going to be more challenged depending on how the EPA deals with the variety of regulations that could impact coal stations, and we’ve seen through the economy and other pressures that capacity factors on some of those less efficient units have gone down significantly. Having said that, when we look at the next RPM auction, and look at the planning parameters that have been adjusted, we really just see it kind of as a flat to slightly positive impact due to the updating of the cost to new entry numbers, the cones, they went from three to five zones, as well as some transmission constraints that are projected down in that timeframe. So I wouldn’t say that we’re projecting any material impact to the upside in that timeframe, not to say it couldn’t happen.
Bill Spence: It’s not likely that the environmental issues will have revealed themselves at that point in time, not that they won’t or can’t in the future, but at that point in time they will not have self revealed.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: I’d just like to clarify; on slide 13, there’s additional benefit at WTE. Are these amounts per year or are they for the entire five year plan?
Jim Miller: Total over the five year plan. 
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Are they more backend loaded or are they spread evenly?
Jim Miller: I think as Paul mentioned, a lot of the benefits that we see in the outcome from the recent price review will be backend loaded.
Operator: Your final question comes from Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Can you quantify the weather impact versus normal for the year?
Jim Miller: The weather impact on electric utilities for the year?
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Yes.
Jim Miller: It was a total of $0.04 between the weather and shopping, a little less than $0.02.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: For the negative?
Jim Miller: For the negative, yes.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Jim Miller: All right. Well I think we’re completing a solid year in 2009. I think as Paul and Bill mentioned, we are looking forward to a solid 2010. We tried to outline for you what issues and areas that certainly let us to a sound performance in ’09, and we’re going to be working very hard to capitalize on those areas in ‘10 to keep strong earnings and forecast out there for 2010. So thank you for participating in the call. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentleman for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Bergstein – Manager of Investor Relations James H. Miller – Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer William H. Spence – Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer; President-PPL Generation 
Analysts: Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital Kit Konolige – Soleil Securities Devin Geoghegan – Zimmer Lucas Partners Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Group Travis Miller – Morningstar, Inc. 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Celeste, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation second quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Bergstein, Manager of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Joseph P. Bergstein: Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on second quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the Company’s SEC filings. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
James H. Miller: Thanks Joe. As usual, today we’ll begin our call with general update and commentary on our second quarter, as well as revised 2010 forecast, and then we will take your questions. With me this morning are Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Bill Spence, our Chief Operating Officer. So let’s begin with the second quarter. Today, we are reporting a second quarter loss of $0.02 per share on a GAAP basis, compared with earnings of $0.50 per share a year ago. Second quarter earnings from ongoing operations, which exclude special items, were $0.32 per share compared with $0.50 per share a year ago. As we noted in our release this morning, the primary drivers for the lower GAAP earnings were special item, charges related to certain economic hedge activity and an impairment related to the pending sale our Long Island Power plants. Both our GAAP earnings and our earnings from ongoing operations were affected by lower wholesale energy margins, unfavorable currency exchange rates and lower domestic electricity sales. While the very weak economy and mild weather continue to pressure wholesale energy prices and reduced electricity consumption. We’re encouraged by earnings from ongoing ops for the quarter and for the first half of the year across all of our business segments. And Paul and Bill will provide additional information on our performance in the quarter and through the first half of the year. The cost containment actions that we took early this year paying off and we continue to perform ahead of plan for the year. Thus we are reaffirming our 2009 forecast of $1.60 to a $1.90 per share in earnings from ongoing operations. Now turning to 2010. We continue to anticipate very strong earnings next year. However, market conditions and volatility surrounding customer demand levels are putting significant downward pressure on the 2010 earnings. Driven by our current expectations of lower margins and marketing and trading and the continued decline in 2010 wholesale electricity prices, we’ve reduced our 2010 earnings forecast range to $3.10 to $3.50 per share. Given the significant economic uncertainty, the challenging market conditions and lower regional customer demand for electricity, we did take aggressive actions to further lower our 2010 earnings risk by increasing our baseload generation hedge levels to 98% and by lowering our expectations for our marketing and trading business. While our revised forecast reflects current market conditions, it’s important to note that the generation hedge strategy that we put in place several years ago has provided almost $700 million in value for the company for 2010 alone. As a result of that strategy, our 2010 expected generation is hedged at an average price significantly greater than the current forward prices. For 2010, we continue to be vigilant on containing costs on our operating performance and holding down our capital expenditures. We are however, continuing with our plans to expand capacity at both our Holtwood hydroelectric plant in Pennsylvania and Rainbow facility in Montana. These projects will provide us with 153 megawatts of clean renewable energy capacity and are largely driven by the availability of the federal stimulus money. We continue to believe that we will eventually be operating in a more carbon-constrained world. Today about 40% of our generation is non-carbon-emitting and these hydro projects, which we expect to bring online in 2012 and 2013, will further strengthen that position1. I’ll take a few minutes now to provide you with an update regarding the transition to competitive wholesale markets in Pennsylvania, and on our view of federal energy in environmental legislation. As you know, the generation recap that PPL Electric Utilities expires at the end of this year and we’re projecting 30% increase in the bills of residential customers. About 10% of those customers are participating in pre-payment program that will soften the increase substantially. In addition more than 200,000 customers have visited a wise energy is website that we’ve established. A few weeks ago, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved our second litigation program, which would give customers the option to differ 2010 rate increases in excess of 25%. Under this plan, we would collect deferred amounts plus carrying charges over a period of two years. Meanwhile, the Pennsylvania legislature continues to consider legislation that would mandate that utilities offer deferral programs for customers under which any increase would be differed over a three-year period. The bill includes provisions for full recovery of carrying charges. While we’re not opposing the legislation, we continue to believe the details of phase-in plans are best left to the PUC, which already has exercised its authority to approve such plans for many of the utilities in Pennsylvania. It’s unclear whether or when or if this legislation will be considered by the Pennsylvania House or Senate. Briefly let’s talk about energy and environmental legislation passed recently in the U.S. House. As you know, the Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 addresses both climate change and renewable energy requirements. PPL was supportive of the general concepts in the House pass bill, but we have significant concerns about the required levels of carbon reduction and the proposed percentage of electricity that must come from renewable resources. We believe both are unrealistic and we will be working to address these concerns as the Senate considers the issues. Before turning the call over to Paul, I just like to reiterate that our revised 2010 forecast fully accounts for our adjusted risk profile, given current economic and market conditions. In evaluating market risks, we determined that the downside risk of further demand destruction, a prolonged low gas price environment and continued economic uncertainty was significantly greater than the upside the natural higher prices based on an uncertain economic recovery. Our evaluation drove us so aggressively mitigate risk factors wherever possible. With that I’ll turn the call over to Paul for more details on our second quarter results.
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Jim and good morning everyone. Before I begin, I would like to remind everyone that 2008 earnings from ongoing operations include the operating results of the gas delivery business, but excludes special items related to the divestiture. As Jim mentioned our second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were lower than last year, primarily driven by lower marketing and trading margins in the Supply Segment and lower delivery revenue on our PA Delivery Segment. These lower earnings were partially offset by higher earnings in our International Delivery Segment despite a lower currency exchange rate. These earnings keep us ahead of plan and achieving our 2009 forecast of earnings from ongoing operations. Let’s turn to slide six and begin with a review of the Supply Segment performance. The Supply Segment earned $0.09 per share in the second quarter of 2009, a $0.17 decrease compared to last year. This decrease was driven by a lower East energy margins on lower marketing and trading margins including lower margins from load following deals as a result of the weak economy and mild weather.
 : Moving to slide seven, our Pennsylvania Delivery Segment earned $0.05 per share in the quarter, a $0.03 decline compared to a year ago. This decrease was the net results of lower delivery revenue due to milder weather, lower industrial sales and a true up for our FERC formula rates. Higher financing costs as a result of pre-funding a portion of PPL Electric Utilities 2009 debt maturity in October of last year and lower O&M. Moving to slide eight, our International Delivery Segment earned $0.18 per share in the second quarter of 2009, an increase of $0.02 compared to a year ago. The increase was the net result of lower O&M, lower interest expense on WPDs index linked bonds driven by lower inflation, and lower U.K. income taxes. Partially offsetting these earnings benefit was unfavorable currency translation, which resulted in a $0.07 per share decline in earnings compared to a year ago. Turning to slide nine, as Jim already mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2009 forecast of earnings from ongoing operations of $1.60 to $1.90 per share. Today, we also revised our 2010 forecast of earnings from ongoing operations to a range of $3.10 to $3.50 per share from our first quarter forecast when we expect it to be at the low end of the prior range of $3.60 to $4.20 per share. While we said on the first quarter call that we would update you in the fall with 2010 guidance. We decided to update you now with the best information we have for 2010. I will walk through primary drivers that caused us to change our forecast from $3.60 to the new range. Our current forecast reflects significantly lower expected margins from our marketing and trading business, an increase of our baseload generation hedge levels to 98%. And we also now expect lower coal-fired generation and lower spark spreads on our gas and oil-fired generation. In addition to lower energy margins, we project decreased revenues at WPD due to a lower expected inflation factor applied to billing rates and higher O&M at PPL Electric Utilities. We now expect approximately 79% of our 2010 earnings from ongoing operations to come from the Supply Segment with the contributions of our International and Pennsylvania Delivery Segments to be 12% and 9% respectively.
 : On slide 11, we provide detail on our credit facilities in collateral posting. We remain highly focused on maintaining our strong credit profile and liquidity position. In July, we extended the expiration date of PPL Electric Utilities of $150 million asset-backed credit facility to July 2010 and the 150 million pound 5-year credit facility at WPD was terminated and replenished with the new 210 million pound three-year credit facility, which expires in July 2012. We continue to have more than $4.1 billion in credit facilities supporting the activities of our supply business and our hedging strategy was about $3 billion currently available. We continually evaluate our anticipated collateral requirements and look for the most efficient and cost effective way to address our future needs. Slide 12 reflects an updated level of collateral available and posted at PPL Energy Supply. These credit facilities in our BBB investment grade credit rating remain extremely valuable to the company as we look to further execute on a multi-year hedge strategy. With that I would like to turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations. Bill?
William H. Spence: Thanks, Paul and good morning everyone. Let’s turn to slide 13. And I am going to start with an operational update of our delivery businesses. During the second quarter, the Pennsylvania PUC approved PPL Electric Utilities procurement plan for electricity supply for 2011 to mid-2013. Bids for the first procurement under this plan are due August 11, 2009 and PUC approval is expected August 13. A complete procurement schedule is available on the appendix of today’s presentation materials. As a reminder in September, PPL Electric Utilities will begin the final solicitation for 2010 supply needs. Bids for the sixth installment which includes residential, small C&I and the only solicitation for large C&I customers are due on October 5, with PUC approval expected October, the 8. On July 1, PPL Electric Utilities field its plan to meet the requirements of Pennsylvania’s Act 129. That plan includes details as to how Electric Utilities expect to comply with the load reduction requirements, which are 1% by mid-2011, 3% by mid-2013 and a peak demand reduction of 4.5% by mid-2013. These reductions must be achieved within a cost cap of 2% of 2006 annual revenue or approximately $60 million per year. Over the four-year plan, the cost cap is approximately $240 million in recoverable and future rates. PPL Electric Utilities continues its commitment to helping customers mitigate rising electricity costs. As you may recall, customers responded well to the prepaid plan implemented last year 2008 with 10% signed up for the program. In addition as Jim mentioned, the PUC recently approved a second rate mitigation program. The PPL Electric Utilities filed earlier this year. This plan will provide customers another way to spread out the expected increase in electricity prices. The deferred payment option allows residential and small business customers to defer increases of more than 25% starting January 1, 2010. Customers who voluntarily choose this option will repay the deferred amounts plus 6% interest over a one or two-year period. One final note on Electric Utilities. Retail sales of the utility in the second quarter were 5.5% lower than the second quarter of 2008. This was driven by milder weather in the last year and lower industrial sales. On a weather-normalized basis, retail sales were 4% lower than last year’s quarter driven by lower industrial sales. For the remainder of 2009, we continue to forecast flat residential and commercial sales growth. For industrial customers sector while year-to-date sales are 11% lower than last year. The decline has leveled off during the second quarter and industrial sales are expected to remain at this level for the remainder of the year. While PPL Electric Utilities retail sales were down, distribution revenue has not declined significantly due to the rate structure for larger customers, which has based more on customer and demand charges than kilowatt-hour charges. On the international front, the U.K.’s fifth distribution price control review is in process and progressing as scheduled. Ofgem, the U.K. regulator recently published its initial proposals in fact yesterday. We are still evaluating the impacts of this preliminary proposal and its effects on revenue and earnings. Final proposals are due in December and the new price control period would begin April 1, 2010. Now moving to slide 14, I’d like to give you some additional details on PPL Electric Utilities 2011 to 2013 procurement plan as it does differ from the 2010 plan. Under the plan, residential load will be supplied with a mix of 12 and 24 months load following contracts as well as fixed volume block purchases. The utility will also procure fixed volume products under five-year contract in addition to 10-year contracts, which can be plant specific and may incentivize new renewable resources. Finally, 10% of residential load will be supplied with spot market purchases. Small commercial and industrial customers will be supplying under 12 and 24-month load following contracts as well as spot purchases. Large commercial and industrial customers are to be supplied under hourly pricing products and an optional fixed price product. Now moving on to supply. I’m pleased to report that during the Susquehanna Unit 2 refueling outage, we successfully completed part of our extended power upgrade, adding an additional 45 megawatts to the unit’s output. During the quarter, we also announced that we reached separate agreements to sell our peaking assets on Long Island and our hydro assets in Maine, as Paul mentioned. These assets have performed well for us, but are not core to our concentration of assets in PJM and in the Northwest. Both of these sales are expected to close later this year, barring receipt of necessary consents and regulatory approvals. As a final comment on the operational update, our Brunner Island Unit 3 scrubber went into service this quarter. And the Brunner Island Units 1 and 2 scrubber will be placed in service this fall. On slide 16; we’ve updated our hedge baseload positions for electricity and fuel as of June 30. The hedge levels for total expected generation are available in the appendix to today’s presentation. We’ve adjusted our demand assumptions for PPL Electric Utilities for the balance of this year and we believe the declining demand across the region is temporary and we expect demand to grow once the economy recovers. As a result of this change, however, our 2009 hedge levels have gone down slightly from the first quarter. We’ve increased our 2010 hedge positions as was mentioned earlier during the quarter in order to further mitigate financial risk. In doing so we’ve increased our current electricity hedge position for 2010 to 98%, an increase of 7% over the previous quarter and this reflects our additional hedging to further mitigate financial risk. We’ve continued to hedge 2011 and 2012 electricity sales as well with 80% of our baseload generation now hedged in 2011 and 53% hedged in 2012. I’d also like to note that substantially all of our capacity has been hedged primarily through selling core capacity in PJM’s RPM auctions. On the fuel side, we’ve contracted for 100% of our uranium need through 2012 and a 100% of the coal tonnage needed for 2009. For 2010, our wholly owned plants are fully hedged for coal with only a small open position at Keystone & Conemaugh. So we remain well hedged through 2012. Now I would like to turn the call back to Jim Miller for the Q&A.
James H. Miller: Thanks Bill. All right. Operator, let’s begin the Q&A please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
James H. Miller: Good morning.
Paul A. Farr: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  On the year 2010 numbers it seems if I’m reading the release and your comments correctly, that it’s all in the trading and marketing business, that’s really the, at least in the Supply business that’s where the negative impact is. Is that right?
James H. Miller: That’s correct.
Paul A. Farr: Yeah.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  And when I read the reasons, I’m just trying to get like a little bit of flavor how increased shopping and lower regional customer demand is impacting that part of the trading and marketing business?
James H. Miller:  Well it’s really impacting 2009 and 2010, as we enter into commitments with Utilities to deliver them energy and capacity and ancillaries and demand. And we hedge that in the open market, because we were already basically hedged on our output for generation because of the polar and 2009 we had pre-committed a lot of that for 2010. We purchased a lot of that product in the marketplace and we’ve purchased at higher prices. So as customer demand levels come in lower, whether that be for weather or shopping or macroeconomics, it causes us to have generation purchases that are no longer effective hedges and we need and we take the hit by reselling that power back into the market at lower prices.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Right. Gotcha. On the marketing base I see what you are saying. Then in terms of what kind of increase in shopping have you seen I mean in terms of could you just give us a flavor for what you have seen in terms of polar migration, what have you?
William H. Spencer: Sure, Paul. This is Bill Spence. If you look overall what we’ve seen recently, we’ve seen about a 19% to 20% decline in the polar volumes, the polar requirements contracts that Paul mentioned. 6% of that we estimate to be weather related, the remaining 14% is a combination of economy and migration. And I think it’s based on our best estimates pretty evenly split between the economy and customer shopping. So let’s call it 7% migration or customers shopping.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: What you guys previously expect?
William H. Spencer: I think we would have expected from a shopping perspective, something in the maybe 2% range.
Paul A. Farr: 2% to 3%, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay.
William H. Spencer: Yeah. It’s really the dynamic of the falling prices that has incentivizing the shopping. The drop has been relatively dramatic and it creates marketplace opportunities.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Gotcha. It was $85 million that you have for 2009 and a $125 million for 2010 as I recall.
William H. Spencer: Correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: What are the numbers now?
William H. Spencer: It’s basically $35 million for each year.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: $35 million for each year. And then what’s the expectation 2011. I mean would that all pickup or how do we think about 2011 I mean I saw the hedged numbers, which was very helpful, and looks like you guys increased that pretty much of the same sales price as what you had before, if I read the slide right. Is that correct?
William H. Spencer: Yeah. I think Paul, when we look to 2011 so much depends on where the economy goes. We still have a perceived gas glut here and gas prices are so influential on setting the market price in PJM. But at the same time, we are faced with the economy struggling and that has added the significant impact on demand destruction. So Paul you might comment on a ’11 little further.
Paul A. Farr: Yeah. I mean we clearly don’t have any guidance out for 2011. I think we’re in basically in a wait-and-see mode on 2011. We’re hopeful that as the economy recovers, demand levels pick back up. We see clearly less customer migration, a slow recovery would be I guess more beneficial in terms of not incentivizing things back the other way. But clearly that would also help congestion on the trading front we’ve made, we’ve created significant value in the past through FTR positions and with that complete collapse of gas it’s really broken down the West/East congestion and it’s not providing those opportunities. So we always approach this from the perspective of the risk reward trade-off and right now rather than doubling or tripling down to kind of comeback to hope to make the same level of margins, we are just not seeing from a risk-adjusted basis the opportunities there and that’s why we’ve reflected down the expectations.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just finally with the fuel hedging. How should we think about, I mean, you gave us a good idea about electric fields pricing hedge. Just in general, you gave us a pretty idea about the fuel hedging, but how do we see prices in that period ’09 through ’11 is that trending up? Trending down? Staying fast?
James H. Miller: Well, from a fuel perspective, I mean I think Paul, we see coal has certainly leveled and maybe continues to fall a bit, particularly when we negotiate the longer-term contracts. With the gas situation and many coal plants being turned back at night, that is creating plenty of coal. So at same time I think Uranium has marched right back down to about $50 a pound.
William H. Spence: Right.
James H. Miller: From previous highs. So I don’t see anything that’s going to drive at least at this point to drive coal prices much higher than they are…
William H. Spence:  The only negative that would be affecting us, as we do have certain contracts where we are stepping into collar arrangements and we are seeing in the early years where we’re going from the fixed price into the collars. The prices we signed those contracts that were very beneficial, even it relative to current prices. So there is some uptick in price against the collar prices, but I think we are talking low-single digit increases for the next couple of years.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Incremental.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Good morning.
James H. Miller: Good morning.
William H. Spence: Good morning.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Could you just go over on the Supply side from the market and creating how much the deltas are? I guess what you’re saying if I’m hearing is some of the delta is caused by the volume. Some is caused by the market and trading. And I guess some is caused by pricing, am I right? Could you quantify those segments as to the change in like from the mid, I guess I don’t know $0.50 of a decrease in guidance or something like that? Could you quantify those amounts?
Paul A. Farr: Well, I wouldn’t say the guidance decrease was $0.50. We did highlight that we are at $3.60 at the end of the first quarter. What we saw from a market opportunity perspective that we are going to come in less than, we were able to get through enough of our planning process to be comfortable providing this range. So in the $0.30 decline from the $3.60 to the new $3.30 mid point about $0.15 of that is coming from marketing and trading, virtually all of that I would say is marketing. In both 2009 and 2010, the profit expectations around what I would call more pure trading was $8 million to $10 million in that range. So virtually all this comes from lower expected margin and profit from supply and load following deals to Utilities.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Okay, okay. And then as you said, Paul was there any impact on, so that I should look at 15 for market and trading and 15 from the other segments. That’s just lower volume and is would be the main thing? Is that correct?
Paul A. Farr: It’s actually $0.20 in total in margins. There is another nickel from the couple of other items that I mentioned spread across slightly lower expected coal fire generation. I think we took that from 91% and 90% and then lower spreads on the gas spark spreads on the gas units, oil fire units. The balance of the $0.10 is evenly spread between a nickel of primarily O&M in the domestic utility and a nickel of lower expected revenues in WPD.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Okay. And if I could just going with this new cash flow forecast, what’s the plan now, is there any plan for buybacks next year or no?
Paul A. Farr: There is not anything assumed right now for buybacks in 2010.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Paul A. Farr: And again a lot of that is mainly predicated on doing everything we can through this transition period to maintain the BBB credit rating, so that we can be out hedging as we have done to try to lock in value when the market present the opportunity.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Okay. But you don’t require equity, right, Paul I mean…
Paul A. Farr: We do not. No.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with Soleil Securities.
Kit Konolige – Soleil Securities: Hi, good morning guys.
James H. Miller: Good morning.
Kit Konolige – Soleil Securities: Question, so if I would understand this, which I don’t thoroughly a lot of the time, you have moved in the direction of taking the exposure out of a lot of the supply business, and I am assuming that that means that your exposure in collateral would be substantially lower. Is that a reasonable assumption or are those just in two different directions and…
James H. Miller: Actually I think Kit that I wouldn't say two different directions, but I would say that we are clearly more concerned about the potential for further degradation in gas, which would cause further degradation in electric prices for the next couple of years as we see the economy and as we make our calls on the market. And so, as we’re increasing the level of hedges and we’re executing more at current prices. Yes, the legacy hedges are significantly in the money to us, but we do need to maintain enough liquidity to be able to handle if there should be a significant uptick in market prices and avoid situations that have affected others severely negatively in the past couple of years, as well as to be able to withstand a credit downgrade should that happen, which again we don’t foresee at all, but we’ve always been focused on trying to maintain more than sufficient liquidity for 1 in 20 price move or greater. So as we hedge more, and we actually get a bit above what our, the hedge ranges that we have talked about for one, two and three years out. I think it’s more important than ever to keep the liquidity high.
Kit Konolige – Soleil Securities: Right. Right. One other question on the O&M, when was this discovered?
James H. Miller: Utility basically went through a complete asset look in the first quarter of this year and broached into the second quarter and we started to see some level of reliability issues on the system and we think it’s going to take some O&M spending to stay out in front of those reliability issues until the CapEx investment is able to obviate those reliability issues. I think it’s a relatively short-term phenomenon in the P&L, 2010 will be our future test year. We will be going in for a rate request on the B-side in 2010 for new rates effective in ’11, but unfortunately there is the one-year where we do see a negative impact until the rate request is fulfilled in ’11.
Kit Konolige – Soleil Securities: Thank you.
James H. Miller: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Geoghegan with Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Devin Geoghegan – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Hi, thanks for the time. I appreciate it. Just curious in terms of the marketing, it sounds like a chunk of the $0.15 is because you overbought in terms of total megawatt hours as well as the price. So I guess if that didn’t reoccur in 2011, how much of the $0.15 is what you think is permanent destruction versus taking losses on perhaps buying too early for 2010.
James H. Miller: Actually most of that negative hit whether it would have been for 2009 or 2010 deliveries. When those hedges become ineffective, we basically liquidate that power length whether they be options or whether they be actual open market purchases that we had made. So that’s the biggest reason why we have a $35 million expectation on 2009 versus the $85 million plan, that it’s being harmed by both $9 and $10 surplus bills that we’ve had to put back in the market. So the reset for 2010 was primarily predicated on achieving a number that we were able to accomplish this year. We hope that we can outperform that, but again we are just not seeing the opportunities or profit levels in these deals in the marketplace to justify taking the risk that goes along way with it. So until we see that return.
Devin Geoghegan – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Sorry, just to clarify. So that the bulk of the $0.15 is basically taken the losses on where you bought it versus where you had to sell it?
James H. Miller: No, I think the bulk of that is simply a lower profit expectation on the backlog that we have for 2010. And the expectation of how much additional load we would expect to try to go after an auction, which would be down from where it was before just given the lower profit levels. Just think of it as the pure demand level on load-following contracts is clearly down.
Devin Geoghegan – Zimmer Lucas Partners: So where does they hit show up for selling stuff lower than where you bought it?
James H. Miller: For deals that we have already done again whether they are backlogged 9 or backlogged 10, if we remodel the deals and we determine that load levels are down, the hit from that comes in 2009. So 2010 is just simply a lower profit expectation from lower unit deliveries for backlog we’ve got an expectation that we would go after less load in the future given the profitability of those deals.
Devin Geoghegan – Zimmer Lucas Partners: So last question, but your 2009 marketing actually is doing better, and yet we're in the heart of recession now, why do you guys feel so strongly that 2010 is going to be worse than 2009?
James H. Miller: Well for 2009, we’re going off of a backlog of deals that we had garnered in the past. So we have not unwound any of the load-following deals that we’ve got. We continue to deliver under those. In the first quarter of this year, we did not see the volume levels decline as precipitously as we did starting in early second quarter and definitely by the end of the second quarter when we started to take the action to unwind some of the profit levels. So I don't think net of those two items that it’s a significant decrease of expectation year-over-year.
Devin Geoghegan – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay. Thanks for your time. I appreciate it.
James H. Miller: You’re welcome.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Danielle Seitz with Dudack Research.
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Group: Thank you. And I just wanted to know about the reduction in loads that you are supposed to be going through. That is recoverable and will you be recovering it in the next rate case?
James H. Miller: Danielle, we would clearly adjust the unit delivery forecast and the calculation of the future test year would be off of the actual sales for 2010, at least as far as September, October of that year, when the staff makes their determination. So they would reflect the current delivery reality that we are seeing today, if that’s your question.
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Group: Yes. And I just wanted to make sure the whole reduction was recoverable obviously on the rate of return situation.
James H. Miller: It should be yes.
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Group: Okay. And you do not have yet an idea of how much you may need in terms of the rate increase right for 2010. I’m assuming that your rate of return is fairly low now?
James H. Miller: Not at this point, yet because, again we are finalizing our business planning process for 2010. As we speak, we will monitor volume levels as we make our way through the year. It depends on completing our CapEx schedule for the balance of the year as well. So now we’ve really don’t have a percentage adjustment in mind in terms of total bill or for the d-charge at this point turn of the year.
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Group: Okay. Thanks a lot.
James H. Miller: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller – Morningstar, Inc.: Good morning.
James H. Miller: Good morning.
Travis Miller – Morningstar, Inc.: I apologize if I missed this earlier in the call. I had to drop off for a little bit, but can you talk a little bit about your hedging strategy? You mentioned you put on hedges in 2010 or ’11, ’12. I’m wondering, what you’re seeing out there in terms of heat rates or prices, or is this purely a risk mitigation type of move?
William H. Spence: I think…
Travis Miller – Morningstar, Inc.: Talk more about that?
William H. Spence: Yeah. Travis, this is Bill Spence. It’s predominately a risk mitigation strategy. We are fairly bearish on power prices in the near term next 18 months in particular and both because of the demand destruction as well as just the downward move that Paul talked about in natural gas prices. So I think it is the defensive move on our part to protect margins that we think are at risk. So we feel kind of in a nutshell. There is a lot more downside risk than upside potential. So we’re taking what we think are appropriate actions to lock in margins at this point.
Travis Miller – Morningstar, Inc.: Given that should we think about 2009 as being kind of peak margins?
James H. Miller: Well, no. Because, again the polar contracts ends in ’09.
Travis Miller – Morningstar, Inc.: Yeah.
William H. Spence: Yeah. And again if you look at slide 16 that kind of gives you an average idea of sales price. If you look at that in addition to slide 16, the information in the appendix, the reason we’ve been, I guess a bit more aggressive than our strategy outlined or strategy guideline, I should say is that there is still is contango in the gas curve and therefore the power curve and that’s what we tried as best as we can to try to lock in is that contango.
Travis Miller – Morningstar, Inc.: So you are able to get some of that contango in? And we have heard from some other company that it’s really tough to hedge out there, at those prices? [Multiple Speakers]
William H. Spence: Ebb and flow of our liquid, 12 opens at more when there is a utility load auctions. But an element of our hedging strategy has been for years using options to hedge, where we lock in floor prices by buying puts and selling calls and that’s allowed us to maintain some level of upside opportunities should there be a recovery in prices, which again, we think there is, it’s less likely that they would recover that they go down for the next as Bill said, 15 to 18 months, but we have not found difficulty in executing the strategy.
William H. Spence: You can really see there. I mean you can look at our hedge levels mentioned in 2012. And we’ve, I think, preserved significant on the order of $700 million by executing this advance hedging which we plan on continue to do is much as we can.
Travis Miller – Morningstar, Inc.: Okay. Great, thanks a lot.
James H. Miller: You’re welcome.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Danielle Seitz with Dudack Research.
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Group: Hey, I just was looking at your second half of ’09 and seeing that you are showing very strong numbers for supply and very poor numbers for international. Am I supposed to assume that you anticipate the comparison to be much better in the second half in supply and that international because of currency is or income tax will be going down in the international sector? Could you explain it a little bit more?
Paul A. Farr: Well, I think the supply is a combination of some negatives that we had at the front of the year on our FTR positions. And then as well the negative impacts that we had in the second quarter from unwinding hedges that were not, we didn’t think no longer necessary for marketing transactions.
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Group: So it’s back to normal in the second half, is that what you mean?
Paul A. Farr: Yeah, I mean it’s a comp to the prior year. So if you look back in terms of roughly $100 million that we had in trading losses from the three positions that we’ve talked about quite a bit in the past 2008 was a big negative. So if you’re talking about year-over-year comparisons then in Q3 and Q4 last year versus the balance of this year. On top of our experience on the front end of this year depending what your comparison was they are going to profile. Supply is going to profile much better.
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Group: Okay. And as far as International you attribute the $0.17 decline to half is income tax and the other half will be currency or how would you attribute that?
Paul A. Farr: That’s probably about right, a currency benefit from the prior year and a weaker FX this year.
Danielle Seitz – Dudack Research Group: Thanks a lot.
Paul A. Farr: You’re welcome.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And you have no further questions at this time.
James H. Miller: Okay. Well thank you very much for attending. And look forward to talking to you at the end of the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s PPL Corporation second quarter conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Paukovits – Director, IR Jim Miller – Chairman, President and CDO Paul Farr – EVP and CFO Bill Spence – EVP and COO
Analysts: Ameet Thakkar – Deutsche Bank Kit Comly [ph] – Soleil [ph] Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research Arex Kenya [ph] – Merrill Lynch [ph] Neil Kalton – Wachovia Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Travis Miller – Morningstar Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rachel and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation's First Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call lover to Mr. Tim Paukovits, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Tim Paukovits: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results and our 2008 results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the Company's SEC filings. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
Jim Miller: Good morning, everyone. Thanks, Tim. Just a note here to begin. As you many of you maybe aware, this is Tim’s last call. He is leaving PPL to pursue opportunities in the non-profit sector and so I would like to thank Tim for his significant contribution to the Company and we wish him the best in his new endeavors. Joe Bergstein, who many of you already know, will be replacing Tim, and I know Joe and his team will continue our record of being responsive to your needs. As usual we’ll begin with a brief business update and first quarter results and then we’ll take Q&A. Joining me this morning are Bill Spence, our Chief Operating Officer and Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer. Today, we are reporting first quarter GAAP earnings of $0.64 a share compared with $0.69 a share a year ago. Our first quarter earnings from ongoing operations, which excludes special items, were $0.60 a share, $0.01 per share lower than a year ago. Primary drivers of our first quarter results compared to the first quarter of 2008 were less favorable currency exchange rates in the U.K. and lower wholesale energy margins in the U.S., offset by financing activity benefits and lower operating expenses in both the U.S. and the U.K. Given the continued challenges in the energy and financial markets, these first quarter results are very positive. They put us solidly on track to achieve our earnings target for the year. During the quarter, we saw the benefits of reducing our capital and reducing our O&M spending. We also took advantage of our strong liquidity position to repurchase some long term debt, which will result in reductions in future interest expense. A major focus for us continues to be the maintenance of the strong balance sheet, stable investment grade credit ratings, which provide us with access to lower cost funding. Our credit rating and our strong dividend are cornerstones of preserving and growing shareowner value in these challenged economic environment that we are in. On the asset front, we are still pursuing selected growth opportunities such as the expansion of our hydro capacity in Pennsylvania and in Montana. These initiatives, which are largely driven by the availability of federal economic stimulus incentives, will further enhance our already diverse generation portfolio as the nation moves towards limits on carbon emissions. As you may know, about 40% of our current production capability is from non-carbon sources and once completed these expansions combined with several smaller investments in renewable projects will further strengthen that position. Now, let’s talk about our forecast for 2009 and ’10, which we are reaffirming today. As I mentioned earlier, the actions we’ve taken over the last six months combined with our solid first quarter results, make us confident in our ability to achieve our forecast of $1.60 to $1.90 per share for 2009 earnings from ongoing operations. For 2009, we are continuing to project higher earnings from our Supply business, driven by higher energy margins that will be partially offset by higher O&M and depreciation expense. We expect modestly lower earnings from our Pennsylvania delivery segment for 2009 because of the 2008 divestiture of our gas delivery businesses and higher O&M expenses. We are projecting lower 2009 earnings from our international delivery segment due to the weakened pound sterling. Now, turning to 2010, we are now expecting our results to be at the low end of our $3.60 to $4.20 range due to lower wholesale electricity prices that are affecting the value of our unhedged generation. And Bill Spence will discuss later in the call concerning our move towards further increasing the amount of power hedged for 2010. Following our normal practice, we’ll provide a full review of our 2010 forecast in the fall. Before we move on to Paul, I will give you a brief update regarding the transition to wholesale markets in Pennsylvania. PPL Electric Utilities generation rate cap expires at the end of this year. And we are continuing to provide customers with options to manage the price increase that will result when caps expire. About 10% of or customers are participating in a pre-payment program for 2010, and more than 200,000 customers have now visited a wise energy use website that we’ve established. Another option we are pursuing to help customers has been filed with the Pennsylvania PUC. If approved, this post cap phase in program would give customers the option to defer 2010 rate increases in excess of 25%. We are awaiting PUC action on this plan, which would allow us to collect the deferred amounts plus carrying charges over a period of two years. Our filing is similar to plans already approved by the PUC for some other Pennsylvania utilities. As a result of lower wholesale electricity prices, we currently project that the average residential bill would increase by about 30% on January 1st, 2010. Meanwhile, the Pennsylvania legislature is considering legislation that would mandate that utilities offer deferral programs for customers. Last week, the Pennsylvania House Consumer Affairs Committee approved legislation that would require utilities to offer a deferral option for customers under which a customer’s bill could increase by no more than 20% in any year during the three-year phase – in period. This bill includes provisions for full recovery of carrying charges. The timing of the full house vote on the legislation is uncertain at this time. Also uncertain is what would happen to such legislation if it were to pass and be sent to the Senate. While PPL is not opposing the legislation, we continue to believe that the plan we filed with the PUC is in the long term best interest of the customers and that decisions regarding such plans are best left to the PUC, which already has the authority to implement such phase-ins. Now, we’ll turn the call over to Paul for more details on our strong first quarter results. Paul?
Paul Farr: Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. Before I begin, I would like to remind everyone that prior year 2008 earnings from ongoing operations include the operating results of the gas delivery business, but excludes special items related to the divestiture that took place late last year. As Jim mentioned, our first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were modestly lower than last year, primarily driven by lower international segment earnings as a result of the weaker sterling, which was partially offset by benefits from a completed debt repurchase, and lower operating cost in both the U.S. and the U.K. Even excluding the debt repurchase benefit we are tracking well against our plan and are solidly on track to achieve our 2009 ongoing earnings forecast. Turning to slide six, let’s begin with the Supply segment performance. The Supply segment earned $0.22 per share in the first quarter of 2009, a 0.03 increase compared with the year ago. The increase was driven by higher West energy margins on higher wholesale volumes and increased hydro generation, lower nuclear O&M, primarily driven by the fact that the shift of this year’s refueling outage was to April as compared to the 2008 refueling outage that started in March. Combined with lower operating cost in our Energy Marketing Center and lower financing cost, including a $0.05 per share gain on the completion PPL Energy Supply debt, which will result in future reductions in interest expense as well. Partially offsetting the positive earnings drivers are lower East energy margins as a result of higher average coal prices and slightly lower marketing and trading margins. Also impacting the first quarter were lower realized gains in the nuclear decommissioning trust and higher depreciation. Moving to slide seven, our Pennsylvania delivery segment earned $0.14 per share in the first quarter of 2009, a $0.02 decline compared with last year. This decrease was the net result of the loss of earnings from the divestiture of our natural gas delivery in October, higher financing cost as a result of pre-funding a portion of PPL Electric’s 2009 debt maturity in October of 2008 and lower O&M. Moving to slide eight, our international delivery segment earned $0.24 per share in the first quarter of 2009, a decrease of $0.02 compared to a year ago. The primary driver of the decline was currency translation, which resulted in a $0.09 per share decline in earnings compared to a year ago. Partially offsetting the currency impact were lower interest expense on WPD’s index linked bonds driven by lower inflation, lower O&M, and lower U.K. income taxes. Turning to slide nine, as Jim already mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2009 forecast of ongoing earning of $1.60 to $1.90 per share. While we now expect earnings in 2010 to be at the low end of the $3.60 to $4.20 per share range, due to lower 2010 wholesale power prices we will still experience a significant increase in earnings in 2010 over 2009. The next comments we expect to have on 2010 as well as a formal update to the 2010 guidance will be in the fall after we have completed our business planning process, which has just kicked off. Slide 10 reflects the Supply segment’s 2010 open EBITDA based on forward prices as of March, 31st. You can see that (inaudible) money value of our 2010 hedges is almost $800 million and our expected margin is approximately $60 million lower than it was at December, 31, 2008. This is consistent with the sensitivity analysis we provided you to monitor our 2010 position last quarter. Sensitivities to our 2009 and 2010 forecast are available in the appendix to today’s presentation material. The decline in expected margins causes us to be at the low end of the 2010 forecasted earnings range. We removed the 2011 and 2012 detail due to market volatility and the near term focus of investors in the ongoing business process. But our prior sensitivities we provided you should still hold. On slide 11, we have broken our free cash flow before dividends by segments. We felt that it was important to start to show this level of detail as PPL transitions from a period of heavy CapEx spending at the Supply segment for environmental control equipment and plant upgrades, to a period of rising CapEx spending at our regulated delivery businesses. Bill will provide more detail about CapEx plans in a moment. The Supply business will obviously be providing significant positive cash flow as that business transitions to fully competitive markets. In February, we increased our common stock dividend by 3% to the current annualized level of $1.38 per share. With this increase, the dividend has risen 68% in the last five years. While the payout ratio has increased to 79% based on the mid point of the 2009 earnings forecast, the dividend action was in consideration of the significant increase in earnings that we are forecasting for 2010. On slide 13, we provide detail on our credit facilities and collateral postings. We remain highly focused on maintaining our strong credit profile and liquidity position. During the first quarter, a $300 million, 364-day facility at Energy Supply matured and we were able to replace it with a new $200 million, 364-day facility. We continue to have more than $4.1 billion in credit facilities supporting the activities of our Supply business and our hedging strategy with about $3 billion currently available. The Supply segment has a diverse group of 23 banks providing credit with no bank having more than 14% of the total commitment. Planning for our liquidity needs and sources is an ongoing process for us and we continue to look for the best and most cost effective ways to address our future liquidity needs. And PPL Electric Utilities and WPD continues to maintain adequate liquidity positions for their respective businesses. Slide 14 reflects an update to the level of collateral available and posted at PPL Energy Supply. As we said many times in the past, these credit facilities and our BBB investment grade credit rating are extremely valuable to the Company as we look to further execute on our multi-year hedging strategy. Finally, on slide 15, we are providing an update to our debt maturities schedule. As we mentioned last quarter, proceeds from the Electric Utilities’ issuance in October will be used to partially pre-fund this year’s $486 million maturity. And we have no maturities in 2010. We do expect a further $300 million debt issuance at EU later this year to funds strong growth at the utility, CapEx growth at the utility. In March, we paid off the $201 maturity at PPL Cap Funding. With that, I would like to turn the call over the Bill for an update on operations. Bill?
Bill Spence: Thanks, Paul and good morning everyone. And let’s turn to slide 16. I am going to start with an operational update on our delivery businesses. During the first quarter, PPL Electric Utilities successfully completed another round of solicitations for its 2010 default service load with five of the six RFPS now completed. Electric Utilities has over 80% of its expected supply needs for residential and small commercial customers under contract. In September, Electric Utilities will begin the final solicitation. Bids for the sixth installment, which includes residential, small C&I, and the only solicitation for large C&I customers, are due October 5th and PUC approval is expected October 8th. If prices in the last round of purchases match the lower prices we received in the fifth round we would estimate the average residential customer bill would increase by about 30% in 2010. Regarding the plan filed with the PUC to purchase supply needs for 2011 to mid 2013, an administrative law judge has found the purchase plan to be in the public interest, has recommended PUC approval to this plan. It now goes to the PUC Commissioners for final consideration. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of Pennsylvania’s Act 129, and we are on target for the July 1st deadline to file a compliance plan. The plan will include details on how we will comply with the actual reduction requirements of 1% by mid 2011, 3% by mid 2013, and a peak demand reduction of 4.5% by mid 2013. These reductions are to be achieved within a cost cap equal to 2% of 2006 annual revenues, which is approximately $60 million per year. As Jim mentioned, PPL Electric Utilities continues its commitment to helping customers mitigate rising electricity cost. Customers have responded well to the prepay plan that was implemented in 2008 with 10% signed up for the program and PPL Electric Utilities filed its second option with the PUC recently. If approved by the PUC, this rate deferral plan will provide customers another way to spread out the expected increase in electricity prices. One final note on Electric Utilities. Demand at the utility in the first quarter was 1% higher than the first quarter of 2008. This was driven by higher residential and commercial units sales as a result of the colder weather compared to first quarter sales in 2008, offset by lower industrial sales. For the year, we continue to forecast flat sales, with limited residential and commercial sales growth, roughly offsetting declines in industrial sales. On the International front, the U.K.’s Distribution Price Control Review is in process and moving along smoothly. Ofgem, the U.K. regulator, is expected to publish its initial proposals in July 2009, with final proposals in December. The new rates would take effect April 1st, 2010. We saw about 2% decline in demand at WPD in the first quarter driven by the soft economy in the U.K. And we forecasting slightly lower demand in 2009 compared to 2008 at WPD. Now, moving on to Supply, I am pleased to report we had a very strong overall plant performance in the first quarter. Coal Strip Unit 4 in Montana set a continuous run record of 174 days and Susquehanna Unit 2 set a nuclear plant generation record on April 7th, when it started its refueling outage. Susquehanna Unit 2 generated electricity for 723 consecutive days. That is not only a record for the Susquehanna plant, but it’s the second longest run ever by a nuclear unit in the U.S. With respect to the Susquehanna Unit 2 outage, we had originally planned to complete all the modifications to achieve an extended power upgrade of 72 megawatts. However, we decided to defer a digital control system upgrade. Because of this decision, we’ll not realize the full increase in generation from Unit 2 until early 2001. However, we do expect to realize a 45 megawatt increase or about 60% of that increase this year in Unit 2. This deferral will not have a significant effect on earnings. While I am on the topic of capacity expansion, I want to mention we’ve reapplied with the FERC for an – our expansion project at the Holtwood hydroelectric plant in Pennsylvania. The expansion project will have 125 megawatts of clean, renewable electric generating capacity by the spring of 2013. We reconsidered this project as a result of the tax incentives and potential for loan guarantees now available under the Federal Economic Stimulus package. These stimulus package benefits are expected to improve project economics, offsetting the factors that caused us to withdraw our original application in December, and offsetting the further decline in future energy prices since that time. As a final comment, on the operational update, our Scrubber projects are expected to be completed later this year on budget and on schedule. On slide 18, we’ve updated our hedge positions for electricity and fuel as of March 31st. I would like to remind you this slide represents all projected economic generation, not just base load. I will address base load in a moment. Our current electricity hedge position for 2010 is 86%. That’s an increase of 7% over the previous quarter. We’ve continued to hedge 2011 and 2012 as well with 55% hedged in ‘11 and 34% hedged in ’12. On the fuel side, we’ve contracted for 100% of the coal tonnage needed for 2009 and our wholly owned plants are fully hedged for 2010 with only a small open position related to our interest at Keystone & Conemaugh. We remain well hedged through 2012. As was evident when Paul discussed our 2010 open EBITDA position, our average hedge fuel prices are well below current forward market prices and should provide significant value as we move into 2010. Turning to slide 19, our coal supply portfolio incorporates a mix of short and long term contracts and spot purchases as well as coal sourced from a diverse group of suppliers and markets. We’ve not experienced any significant coal supply issues to-date. We also utilize a mix of fixed price contracts and contracts subject to price collars. Those contracts subject to the collar specify max and min prices that limit our exposure to rising prices, but also provide some opportunity for lower prices when market prices decline. The solid line on this chart shows the estimated weighted average price of the coal that’s contracted at predetermined fixed prices. The dotted lines represent the estimated range of max and min prices for the tons under contracts that are subject to collar pricing. Individual contracts have tighter ranges than shown here, but this gives you the totality of the estimated range for all contracts subject to collars. Given current forward prices and the terms of our supply contracts, current earnings forecast assume that max price will be paid for coal subject to these collars. If these prove not to be true then additional value could be realized. We are exposed to diesel surcharges in all of our real transportation agreements and a few of the coal supply contracts also include diesel surcharges for the suppliers’ use of diesel fuel at the mine. We use oil [ph] hedges to manage some this variable component. Moving on to slide 20, we’ve update our base load generation hedge percentages. For 2009, essentially all of our expected base load generation output is committed. For ’10. We’ve hedged over 90% of our base load generation. That’s an increase from our last quarter. This provides the Company with a solid base in support of the earnings growth we are forecasting. For 2011 and 2012 you can see we’ve also hedged some significant portions of our base load generation and the hedge prices are favorable to current market forwards. I’d also like to note that substantially all of capacity has been hedged primarily through selling forward capacity in RPM auctions. Starting Monday, May 4th, and running through Friday, May 8th, the next RPM auction will be held for the period June 2012 through May 2013. This will complete the implementation of the three-year forward capacity market in PJM, Slide 21 provides a breakdown of capital expenditures by the three segments, Supply, PA Delivery, and International Delivery. As you may recall, we took significant steps to reduce 2009 CapEx spending by $200 million in light of the economic conditions and we remain vigilant in that effort. Starting with Supply, our Susquehanna CapEx about $500 million a year. Expenditures beyond that level in 2009 primarily reflect the completion of Scrubbers and increases in 2010 through 2013 are due primarily to the scheduled upgrade projects at Susquehanna, our Holtwood Hydro in Pennsylvania, and Rainbow hydro in Montana. For Pennsylvania Delivery 2010 to 2012 CapEx above the $300 million annual sustenance level is driven primarily by the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line. This 500 KV line is part of PJM’s RTEP program and is needed for system reliability in the region. Electric Utilities portion of the line is expected to cost about $500 million and we will receive incentivized equity returns to that project. Additional CapEx in 2013 is for smaller transmission projects. CapEx for International Delivery increases in 2010 through 2013 due to system reliability upgrades expected to be approved by Ofgem as part of the ongoing rate review process. This spend will only be made at levels if the program is ultimately approved by Ofgem. And it is important to note that WPD earns real-time returns on CapEx as part of the regulatory structure in the U.K. Slide 22 illustrates the substantial rate base growth for our Pennsylvania Delivery business due the significant CapEx program the business is about to undertake. We expect a 9.3% compound annual growth rate in the rate base from 2008 to 2013. The transmission rate base almost doubles from 2009 to 2013 due to transmission projects such as the Susquehanna-Roseland line. We are in the final settlement discussions regarding the formula based rates for PPL Electric Utilities transmission business. I think it’s important to highlight that although the supply business will be the driver of earnings as we move from 2009 to 2010, we do expect to see some rebalancing of our earnings as we move beyond 2010. We believe this rebalancing will have a positive impact not only on our earnings, but also on our ratings with more earnings predictability. Now, I would like to turn the call back to Jim Miller for the Q&A.
Jim Miller: Okay, operator, let’s open for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Ameet Thakkar with Deutsche Bank.
Ameet Thakkar – Deutsche Bank: Good morning guys.
Jim Miller: Good morning.
Paul Farr: Good morning, Ameet.
Ameet Thakkar – Deutsche Bank: Congratulations on a good quarter.
Jim Miller: Thanks.
Ameet Thakkar – Deutsche Bank: I had a quick question on slide 20 regarding the hedge load base load electric sales and the average sales price. Can you guys remind us, does that include any things like beyond energy, I mean to the extent you guys participated in any of the power supply auctions that you’ve held and have incremental margin from (inaudible), et cetera? Or is this just a pure energy price.
Bill Spence: That was just the pure energy sales against our base load generation, not including any incremental power deals we do outside our asset base. So, for example, when we participate in a BGA socs [ph] in New Jersey in 2009 that would not be included.
Ameet Thakkar – Deutsche Bank: Alright, great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Comly [ph] with Soleil [ph].
Kit Comly – Soleil: Good morning guys.
Jim Miller: Good morning, Kit.
Kit Comly – Soleil: Can you bring us up to date on the proposal to tax earnings from overseas operations? Is that – I don’t recall noting that that’s been moving, but there is a lot of moving parts in the federal government. So – and if – just – if you can give us some sense of where you think that might end up and what kind of exposures you might have and so on.
Bill Spence: Yes, Kit, you are probably as knowledge about that as we are simply because there is not a lot of definition yet to what the administration is attempting to do there. With the—
Kit Comly – Soleil: They are going around generally.
Bill Spence: Well, with the U.S. being the second most high – the second highest corporate tax rate in the OECD, no other President worldwide effectively for a deemed repatriation like that which would significantly harm U.S. companies both in country as well as ex foreign investment enterprises. You know there is a long way to go on that. I – if there would be an implementation on that given that the U.K. statutory rate at 28% is substantially below the U.S. rate, there would like be a negative economic impact on the Company. We basically – other than the dividends, permanently reinvest those profits that we make in hard physical assets. It’s not a foreign sales entity that’s got no material presence, if you will. It’s all physical asset and plants. So, we are extremely hopeful that saner minds will prevail and they will back off of that proposal. But there is just not enough definition right now to be able to provide a lot of comment.
Kit Comly – Soleil: Fair enough.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz with Dudack Research.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Hi, thanks. I was wondering how much did you assume for the currency impact in the U.K. for 2009 in you assumption?
Paul Farr: The – yes, the budget assumption was $1.50 with the earnings that we’ve recognized to date that includes the impact of hedges as well as what was unhedged and what we have for the balance of – what we are looking at in hedges for the balance of the year. We are greater than 90% hedged for the total year 2009. The hedged value is at a level below the $1.50, but fully contemplated. It’s not significantly below that. And it’s fully contemplated in where we think we are going to come out from a forecast range perspective.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: And you used to say a number in 2010 I mean each project.
Paul Farr: 2010 was originally at $1.75. Again, we used an average of bank forecast at that time. The forecasts are off of what that original assumption was, but again the current assumption reflects current forwards in being at the bottom end of that ranges, as Jim and I both talked to.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Okay great, thanks a lot.
Paul Farr: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arex Kenya [ph] with Merrill Lynch [ph].
Arex Kenya – Merrill Lynch: Hey good morning.
Jim Miller: Good morning.
Arex Kenya – Merrill Lynch: Two quick questions. The first is just I guess it’s slide A-5 on the Pennsylvania Delivery cash flows. I want to make sure I am thinking about it right, the declines from 2009 to 2010, is that related to the transition bond, you are kind of – you are getting cash on the bonds for the 2009 of a couple of $100 million, I believe in – 
Jim Miller: Yes.
Arex Kenya – Merrill Lynch: (inaudible) kind of repayments (inaudible), is that right?
Paul Farr: That’s correct. It’s about $200 million after-tax.
Arex Kenya – Merrill Lynch: Great. And the second question is just kind of the International segment, just looking at kind of what the guidance is for the year of about $0.50 to the mid point and where you are at through the first quarter, I just wanted to think about how we should – should you really see drastically a lower earnings over the rest of the year of $0.08 or so kind of on average or is there – do you think that there is cause for the International be able to better than or that point guidance is right now. Just given us round the first quarter level.
Paul Farr: I guess the best way to approach that is it’s – we had a very good first quarter. It is only the first quarter. We are not – we didn’t adjust guidance. We feel extremely comfortable with where we at. The winter is a seasonally more peaky period for WPD’s earnings and with the one month lag, what keeps picked up in the calendar year is effectively December 1, ’08, through 11/30/09. So, some of that upside from the winter peaking is reflected in the number. We could see some additional benefits in the year. But that’s probably all we have to say at this point in time.
Arex Kenya – Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Paul Farr: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Kalton with Wachovia.
Neil Kalton – Wachovia: Good morning everyone.
Paul Farr: Good morning, Neil.
Jim Miller: Good morning.
Neil Kalton – Wachovia: First, congrats to Tim and thank you for all your help over the years. And then second, just a question on slide A-1 and the market prices, specifically on capacity prices for 2012. That $119 number is that a market price and is that indicative of how we should be thinking about the upcoming RPM auction?
Bill Spence: That is a market price, but it’s the mid point of a very wide range. I believe 12-13 prices were trading in a range of $90 to $150. So, whether it’s indicative of the auction that’s going to come off next week or not remains to be see, but at least (inaudible) market is thinking.
Neil Kalton – Wachovia: Okay, thanks.
Bill Spence: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the lien of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: What was the impact of the lower taxes in the U.K. and what drove that?
Paul Farr: It was around a positive $0.02, and that was a net of a favorable ruling that we got from the U.K. tax authorities related to the sale of our supply business going back several years, which was a positive about a nickel, but it was offset a $0.03 2008 benefit that we got related to hydro related tax activities.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay, thank you.
Paul Farr: Sure.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Paul Farr: Good morning.
Jim Miller: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Congratulations, Tim, once again.
Tim Paukovits: Thank you, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I am sorry, but I had to jump off for a little bit – the trading margin in your guidance for 2009-2010, is it still $85 million and $125 million for 2010?
Paul Farr: That’s correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then the ROW at the distribution company, what do you see it as being in 2010, I mean just roughly speaking or when do you think you got to have to go in for rate relief?
Paul Farr: Yes, we do have in the plan an expectation that we will be making a filing in ’10. The current plan has a filing in March of ’10 for new rates that would be effective 01/01/11. ’10 is the trough year in domestic utility earnings. If we look at where the earnings will be and if you look at our original ’10 guidance it’s in the low $0.30 range, $0.30 to $0.32 in that ballpark, the earnings of the utility with the combination of getting that rate – more timely rate relief and the CapEx that we are spending, virtually double by the time we hit 2013, but does trough in ’10. I want to say that the last set of numbers that I looked at showed in the low 8% range by the end of 2009 – 8.3, 8.4 in that kind of ballpark range. So there would be some further deterioration. ’10 would be the future test here for the new rates in ’11.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then how is depreciation? How is that benefiting you guys this year and sort of just how should we think with the cash flow impact associated with that in the next few years?
Paul Farr: I don’t have a number, an exact number, but it’s all factored into the cash flows from the cash flow by segment slide that we provided. We wouldn’t see any or call it more permanent benefits from the ITC side of things until we start spending the dollars around the hydro projects. So, that’s – ends up in deferred tax liability land on the bonus depreciation. But it’s all factored into the guidance.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, great, thanks a lot guys.
Paul Farr: Sure.
Jim Miller: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Hello, how are you?
Paul Farr: Good morning.
Jim Miller: Good morning.
Bill Spence: Hi, Travis.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: A question on the Supply segment. How many megawatt hours did the East portion and the West portion each produced this quarter?
Paul Farr: One second. Trying to get the numbers for you. Just a minute.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Okay. Sure. As you are looking for it, question on the production, how is that being affected by the dispatch change we’ve seen here recently, especially the (inaudible) gas version in some places?
Bill Spence: Yes, I can generally speak to that. We have seen more run time on our gas units at Martins Creek, but I would say in the grand scheme of things, it’s not been material from a margin contribution side because when we have been dispatched it’s many times at fairly low margins, as you can imagine, looking at the fairly low power prices we saw in the first quarter. And the fact that we are fully hedged doesn’t provide a lot of upside for us as it relates to how the dispatch goes.
Paul Farr: The total East generation was 11.2 million megawatt hours. And the total West generation was 2.2 million megawatt hours.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Okay. Remind me how that compares to a year ago?
Paul Farr: It is in the West up around 85,000 megawatt hours, and in the East down about $150,000 megawatt hours.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Okay. And is that East number what you are talking about mostly due to the dispatch difference or is it other factors?
Bill Spence: I think it would be other factors, not only how we used to dispatch based on market prices, but also for example we started an outage at Brunner Island 3, so we have – you have to look year-over-year at – where our outages are scheduled and so forth.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Okay. Was that the only major difference in outages?
Bill Spence: That would be the primary driver, I believe.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Okay.
Bill Spence: And weather.
Jim Miller: Yes, the weather.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Yes, yes.
Paul Farr: The gas net of – East gas net of East oil is not a significant number at all, so I think goes right to – the dispatch is not causing that great of an impact on the portfolio.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Okay. Thanks a lot for your help.
Bill Spence: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equity.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Good morning.
Jim Miller: Good morning
Paul Farr: Good morning.
Bill Spence: Good morning.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Wanted to enquire into your domestic retail delivered megawatt hours? I think you posted a 1% increase year-on-year, which is quite a bit better than some of the peers. Could you just break that out of what the weather impact on that was and what you are seeing underlying usage basis?
Bill Spence: Yes, generally speaking, I think weather contributed about one – really makes up the bulk of that 1% year-over-year increase. If you adjust it for weather I think we’d be pretty much flat and as I mentioned in my portion of the discussion, we are still expecting flat sales for 2009. And that would – 
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Where there any – in fact, if you could further – break that out further into residential usage versus industrial? I’d like to just (inaudible) as far as the economy?
Paul Farr: Of the 36 or 37 million megawatts hours at the utility, about 14 million a little more than 14 million residential, a little more than 14 small C&I, and about 9 million-ish – 8 million to 9 million-ish from large industrial. So, large industrial, even though we are reflecting it to be down, a little south of 10% on the year, the couple of percent that we expect in residential and small C&I on a total volume basis are basically offsetting each other. So, it’s a bigger percentage down in industrial, but industrial only makes up around 25% of the utility load, the large industrial.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Okay. And that is tracking in the first quarter so far?
Paul Farr: Yes.
Bill Spence: Yes. Actually little bit better than in plan.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Just on slide 21 the CapEx by segment, there is clearly – I just want to confirm that the increase in Supply CapEx was related to the hydro plants that you are now expecting to build?
Bill Spence: Yes, beginning in ’11 and ’12 and then completing in ’13.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: What would be the driver for the increased CapEx in ’10?
Bill Spence: That would be the completion of – we have a cooling tower project at Brunner Island and it also begins the project at Holtwood as well as Rainbow.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: If I am not mistaken, that’s gone up from $752 million your forecast as of the fourth quarter? Is that just – or there is higher than expected or is there something else driving that?
Paul Farr: There has been some increase on the Rainbow project. It – the more significant impact there would likely be on ’11, virtually all coming from the Holtwood, the addition of Holtwood.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Okay.
Bill Spence: Yes, I think Holtwood would explain the major difference between year-end and now.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Okay.
Bill Spence: Recall that we had we had (inaudible) or backed away from Holtwood prior in 2008 and with the onset of the tax credits; we’ve reapplied for the expansion of that facility. So, you are seeing that jump down and increase.
Paul Farr: Yes, Holtwood’s around $117 million in ’10, so that’s virtually all of the increase versus the 752-ish number that you mentioned.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Do you have any forecast expenditures in your budget for the (inaudible) plant disposal?
Paul Farr: We have – what we have in the plan is simply the cost necessary to complete the permitting process that’s underway with the NRC. There are no long lead time material commitments that we have made or that we plan to make currently and it simply reflects getting a permitted site. So, we’ve got – 
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Thank you very much
Paul Farr: $750 [ph] million capitalized and there is around $20 million to $30 million remaining to be spent to complete the NRC coal [ph] process and that’s reflected in the numbers.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Thank you very much.
Paul Farr: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Daniele Seitz with Dudack Research.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Thanks. I just was looking at the trend in ’09 basically flat. Do you think you can keep that or the fact that it was very low in the first quarter comes from just the timing of the refueling?
Paul Farr: The refueling was contributory, but the benefits that we expect to get from the cost reduction initiative, both on an employee affected basis as well as well as contractors and other costs that we are trying to reign in, we clearly think that we can hold it for 2009. There will be continuing benefits in ’10 and ‘11. At the utility level though, as WPD completes its rate review process later this year and the electric utility will be going in for rate relief in ’10, effective ’11, whatever gains that we would get be relatively short-lived if we use that as a strategy. So, we are most focused of Supply and corporate overhead. So, in total – 
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: And so 2009, you still expect it to be relatively flat, but 2010 and ’11 you could see a resumption of some uptick?
Paul Farr: Correct. Not as high as we had originally planned, but some resumption of uptick.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: And going to the Delivery when the construction expenditures – you are looking at most of the confirmation [ph] expansion need and authorization is it a state expansion or is it – would it be inter-state and would you get some additional return or is it all regulated under PA Delivery?
Bill Spence: On the transmission – ?
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: The transmission, yes.
Bill Spence: On the transmission side, it would be regulated under FERC, under the formula of REITs that were in the midst of settling. And we would get incentive adders for being in the RTO as well as for the characteristics of the transmission line. So, we are looking at 12.5% to 13% return on equity in total under the formula rates.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: And you anticipate this decision to come – you have a – ?
Bill Spence: Yes, we would expect to file a settlement with the FERC, shortly, amongst the parties, and then the FERC would hopefully take it under consideration, probably in early June.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Paul Farr: Daniele, it is an interest inter-state line but PPL is only constructing the Pennsylvania portion while PSEG would be constructing the New Jersey side.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Right, thanks.
Paul Farr: Yes, sure.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to management.
Tim Paukovits: All right. Well, thank you all for attending and we’ll continue on our push for meeting or beating our numbers this year and everyone have a good weekend. Thank you for attending.
Operator: This concludes the PPL Corporation first quarter conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Paukovits - Director, IR Jim Miller - Chairman, President and CEO Paul Farr - EVP and CFO Bill Spence - EVP and COO
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Danielle Seitz - Seitz Alex - Merrill Lynch Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Ed Haines - Catapult Capital 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rachael and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation's Fourth Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call lover to Mr. Paukovits, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Tim Paukovits: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and 2008 results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
Jim Miller: Thanks, Tim and good morning everyone. As we normally do we will begin our call this morning with the general business update and commentary on fourth quarter and full year 2008 results and after that we will take your questions. Joining with me this morning are Paul Farr our Chief Financial Officer and Bill Spence, our Chief Operating Officer. So today we are reporting 2008 full year GAAP earnings of $2.47 per share, compared with $3.35 per share a year ago. Fourth quarter GAAP earnings were $0.74 per share, compared with the $1.11 per share in the fourth quarter of 2007. Primary contributors to our lower 2008 results were lower wholesale energy margins and the loss of synfuel earnings versus a year ago and the impact with special items in both years. Driving the decline in fourth quarter and annual reported earnings is a decline in wholesale energy margins and lower international delivery earnings. As we explained in our third quarter conference call in November the company's 2008 wholesale energy margin decline was driven by unrealized losses in marketing and trading and extended average of the two of our coal-fired power plants in Pennsylvania. The global financial crisis has had and will continue to have a significant impact on wholesale electricity markets for the foreseeable future. As a result, we are adjusting our tactics accordingly, we have already reduced our capital expenditures for 2009 and we are focusing on other areas to control and further reduce costs. We expect 2009 will present a very challenging business environment our portfolio regulated in competitive businesses positions us to weather the challenging environment and across for win economic recovery takes hold. In the near term, we remain well hedged with respect to both fuel and power, in these volatile commodity markets; we continue to see the benefit of our hedging program. Now let's briefly cover ongoing earnings for the full year 2008 as well as the fourth quarter. 2008 earnings from ongoing operations were $2.02 per share versus $2.60 per share a year ago. For the fourth quarter of 2008 earnings from ongoing operations were $0.46 per share compared with $0.60 per share in the fourth quarter of 2007. Ongoing earnings for the year and quarter were affected by the same operating drivers as reported earnings and Paul, will provide more details on those drivers in his remarks. Moving on to our earnings forecast. As we announced earlier today, we have reaffirmed our 2009 earnings forecast of $1.60 to $1.90 per share and our 2010 earnings forecast of $3.60 to $4.20 per share. Our 2010 forecast is based on the benefits of our hedge strategy which has resulted in us having sold more than 80% of our 2010 expected baseload generation output and 100% of the available capacity, as well as having contracted fuel requirements at prices that are significantly below market. Before turning the call over to Paul, I will just take a minute or so to bring you up to date on the political front in Pennsylvania. As you know, PPL Electric Utilities generation rate cap expires at the end of this year. We are continuing to provide customers with options to manage the increase when caps expire. About 10% of our customer base, in Pennsylvania are participating in our pre-payment program for 2010 and more than 200,000 customers have utilized our energy use website that we have established. At this point, based on the electricity supplied at PPL Electric Utilities already has procured for 2010, the average residential customer rate will increase by about 36%. If forward crisis remain where they are today for the remaining procurements, our estimates indicate that the increase in residential customer bills would be lower than 36% by at least a couple of percentage points. Bill, will provide more details on our procurement plans. Pennsylvania Legislature has reconvened and we expect rate mitigation to be a topic of discussion as the state deals with a number of challenges including a significant budget shortfall. We remain open to discussing reasonable mitigation efforts with state officials as long as the plans can be implemented without harming the financial health of the company. Now I would like to turn the call over to Paul and then Bill to provide further details on reported results, our forecast and updates on some key business items. And after that we will take your questions. Paul?
Paul Farr:  Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. Before I get into the numbers today I would like to remind everyone that earnings from ongoing operations include the operating results of the divested Latin American and gas delivery businesses that exclude special items related to their divestiture.  As Jim, mentioned fourth quarter earnings from ongoing operations are lower than last year primarily on lower energy margins in our supply segments and lower international segment earnings. I will review the key earnings drivers by segment for 2008 and then get into our earnings forecast. Turning to slide, 7. Let's start with the Supply segment performance. The Supply segment earned $0.81 per share in 2008, a $0.51 decrease compared with last year. The decrease was primarily driven by lower East energy margins as a result of realized and unrealized losses on certain trading positions, higher average fuel prices, and lower baseload generation partially offsetting these negative margin drivers for higher realized supply contract margins.  Higher West energy margins were primarily due to higher generation output and lower supply cost on lower energy prices. 2008 earnings were also impacted by the loss of $0.18 of synfuel-related earnings and higher financing costs primarily driven by higher debt levels and lower interest income on invested cash. Lower O&M primarily due to lower outage and non-outage costs at our power plants and lower operating cost at our energy marketing center. Moving to slide 8, our Pennsylvania Delivery segment earned $0.44 per share in 2008, a $0.04 increase over 2007. Higher electric delivery revenues at $0.09 per share resulting from PPL Electric's distribution rate increase were partially offset by higher O&M of $0.02 per share driven by higher distribution expenses, higher and collectible account expense and other inflationary impacts, as well as higher financing cost, higher income taxes and other expenses. Moving to slide 9, International Delivery Segment earned $0.77 per share in 2008 a $0.01 decreased compared to last year, the prior year. Decrease was the net result of higher delivery revenues resulting from the annual inflation adjustment, lower O&M primarily driven by lower pension expense and lower overall costs resulting from the sales of Latin American businesses in 2007. The negative impact of currency exchange rates in the UK, lower income taxes and other including lower financing costs or lower debt levels, lower income taxes which is the net result of $0.08 US tax benefit in 2007 and a UK tax benefit of $0.06 per share recorded in 2008, and the loss $0.11 per share in earnings from the Latin American businesses which again was sold in 2007. On slide 10, we summarize the major drivers of earnings from ongoing operations between 2007 and 2008. I am not going to specifically discuss these drivers since I just covered them in my segment review. So, let's move on and take a look at our 2009 forecast. Today we are reaffirming our 2009 earnings forecast from $1.60 to $1.90 per share. The earnings walk on the slide reflects the mid point to 2009 forecast with $1.75 per share as compared to $2.02 per share earned in 2008. The major drivers of 2009 earnings forecast are higher expected delivery margin of $0.27 per share primarily driven by improved power value from higher electric sales prices in the west and higher sales prices under the coal contract between PPL Energy Plus and PPL Electric Utilities. Higher margins from marketing and trading activities, higher coal-fired and nuclear generation output, offset by higher fuel costs. The higher energy margins are more than offset by unfavorable UK exchange rates, higher O&M of $0.10 per share primarily due to additional planned outages, higher coal-fired plants and higher operating costs associated with the scrubbers, higher contractor pricing, higher cost for customer programs, higher uncollectible customer accounts at PPL Electric and higher operating costs at WPD.  Higher effective tax rate at WPD’s earnings, higher financing costs due to higher debt balances and the increased cost and credit facilities, higher depreciation due to scrubbers and precipitators that are expected to go into service during 2009, as well as the full-year depreciation expense risk covers than went into service in 2008, and higher plant and service throughout the company. Lower delivery margins of $0.04 evenly split between WPD and PPL Electric. The other category includes 2008 discontinued operations for PPL Gas and lower projected earnings from our mechanical contractors.  Turning to slide 12, in November we announced our 2010 earnings forecast of $3.60 to $4.20 per share and provided a summary of the drivers of 2010 earnings, including a significant increase in energy margins coupled with strong earnings from both our Pennsylvania International delivery segment.  I would like to take a few minutes to discuss that forecast at a high level and provide the insights into expected 2010 earnings.  As Jim mentioned in his remarks our 2010 forecast of energy margins is based on the fact that we hedged over 80% of our 2010 expected baseload generation, 100% of our available capacity and about 92% of our coal requirements. Given the success of our hedging strategy to-date, we continue to see a strong increase in energy margins between 2009 and 2010. However, since November, 2010 [forward] electricity pricing in PJM have declined about 12% to 14%. This decline in forward prices has a direct impact on the expected returns of our unhedged position.  In addition, foreign exchange rates for the British Sterling have declined about 11%. Finally, since our November call we have received new forecast for our domestic international pension plan, both of which are expecting modest increases in expense for 2010, over the levels that we predicted in November. As a result of these factors in an economy which shows no signs of recovery in the near-term, we now expect to be in the lower half of our 2010 earnings forecast range.  Moving onto cash flow. As we had forecasted, we experienced negative free cash flow in 2008. Given the uncertain financial times, the increase in cost of financing and our desire to preserve capital, we have maintained our CapEx at the reduced levels disclosed in the third quarter. These decreased expenditures include reductions in discretionary CapEx in the supply segment, there were no renewable commitments, the cancellation of hydro expansion opportunity and very limited nuclear development activities.  Dividends remain a very important part of total shareholder return, especially in these difficult financial times. We will evaluate the dividend level with the Board on our normal schedule later this month.  On slide 14, we provide detail on our credit facilities and collateral postings. We remain highly focused on maintaining our strong credit profile and liquidity position. We continue to have more than $4.2 billion in credit facilities supporting the activities of our supply business and our hedging strategy. This provides us with one of the strongest liquidity positions in the sector. We are providing more detail this quarter on the available portion of our liquidity. We have about $3.3 billion available at PPL Energy supply under the existing facilities. Domestically, the supply segment has a diverse group of 23 banks providing credit with no bank having more than 14% in the total commitment. Planning for our liquidity needs and sources is an ongoing process for us. We continue to look for the best and most cost effective way to address our future liquidity needs. The credit facility needs of PPL Electric Utilities and WPD are clearly not as substantial as the supply business. However, both are in a solid liquidity position as well. On slide 15, we update the level of collateral at PPL Energy supply to December 2008. This slide reflects the strong liquidity position we have consistently maintained. As mentioned last quarter the postings increased earlier in 2008 as power prices began to rise significantly. When they fell from this mid-year high the significant portion of the collateral was returned to us.  These credit facilities and our BBB investment grade credit rating are extremely valuable to the company as we look to further execute on our hedge strategy.  Finally on slide 16, we are providing an update on our debt maturity schedule and for the first time including a look at 2013. As we mentioned last quarter proceeds from the electric utilities issuance in October will be used to partially free fund this year’s $486 million maturity and we have no maturities in 2010.  Finally in my remarks I would like to comment and S&P's recent announcement placing us a negative outlook. A strong credit rating, as I said, an extremely valuable asset for Energy marketing business and we remain extremely committed to maintaining the investment grade credit rating, while we are disappointed in S&P's recent decision, we do not expect any material adverse impact under cost or liquidity. And we believe the significant improvement in 2010 cash flows will warrant the elimination of the negative outlooks as we move forward. With that I would like to turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations.
Bill Spence:  Thanks Paul, good morning everyone.  Let’s turn to slide 17. I will provide an update on our delivery businesses. As Jim mentioned earlier on the call, during the fourth quarter PPL Electric Utilities successfully completed another round of solicitations for 2010 default service load.. With four of the six [RFP] is now completed, PPL Electric Utilities has over 66% of its expected default supply needs under contract. Next month we will begin the fifth solicitation and bids for that installment are due March 30th and PUC approval is expected April 2nd.  We are currently evaluating the impact of Pennsylvania's Act 129 as well, which among other things requires Pennsylvania utilities to implement energy efficiency and conservation programs over the next five years. The act requires consumption reductions of 1% by mid 2011 and 3% by mid 2013 to be achieved within a cost GAAP of 2% based on 2006 annual revenues. As a result of that 129 PPL Electric Utilities has modified its procurement plan to reflect supply needs for 2011 through mid 2013. As Jim mentioned, PPL Electric Utilities continues it's commitment to helping customers mitigate rising electricity cost. Customers have responded very well for the prepaid plan that was implemented in 2008. In fact 10% of eligible customer signed up for the program and have already started contributing towards 2010 electric bills. One final note on electric utilities. For 2009 overall unit sales are expected to be flat compared to 2008 sales resulting from continued negative economic conditions. Limited residential sales growth is expected to roughly offset declines in industrial and commercial sales. On the international front, the UK's fifth Distribution Price Control Review is in process and is moving a long smoothly. Later this month we will be submitting our detailed business plan to Ofgem, the UK regulator for their review. Ofgem is expected to publish it's initial proposals by July 2009 and final proposals in December. The new rates would take effect April 1, 2010. Now moving on to supply, I am happy to report the construction work on Montour cooling tower was completed and unit one came back online November 15, 2008. The project was completed safely and well ahead of our schedule. I am also pleased to report that Susquehanna nuclear plant set a new generation record in the fourth quarter. The plant generated over 19 terawatt hours which is nearly 1 terawatt hour more than the previous record that was set in 2005. This achievement is a direct result of dedicated personnel at Susquehanna and comes on the heals of successful completion of one of the most complex outages in the plants history during the spring of 2008.  Also at Susquehanna, we are scheduled to complete and operate at unit 2 of 69 megawatts this spring. This will bring the total unit to upgrade to 1131 megawatts. In addition a 32 megawatt upgrade at unit 1 is planned for 2010.  As you are aware in December the D.C. Circuit Court reversed an earlier decision to vacate the Clean Air Interstate Rule or CAIR. Somewhat surprisingly SO2 allowances prices have not risen as a result of this court decision. It appears market participants are taking a wait and see approach.  We of course, continue to evaluate our strategy with regard to the length we have in SO2 allowances as a result of the scrubbers we have installed on our eastern fleet. Let's turn to slide 19 and review the results of our marketing and trading operations in 2008. During the third quarter call we discussed the trading positions we had taken and the losses we experienced. As you can see from the chart we ended 2008 basically at a breakeven level. I have also included the amount expected from our marketing and trading operations in 2009. As we previously discussed we scaled back our marketing and trading operations given market conditions. I would also point out that our 2009 expectations reflects the marketing transactions that have been executed prior to 2009. In other words we had some margin backlog coming into the year.  On slide 20, we have updated our hedge positions for electricity and fuel as of December 31, 2008. I would like to remind you that this slide represents all economic generation not just baseload, I will address baseload in a moment. Our current electricity hedge position for 2010 79% an increase of 3% over the previous quarter. We have continued to hedge 2011 and 2012 electricity sales as well with 47% hedged in 2011 and 26% hedged in 2012. On the fuel side, we have contracted for 100% of the coal needs for 2009 for our wholly-owned units and remained well hedged through 2012. Our average hedged fuel prices for each year are below current and forward market prices and should provide significant value as we move into 2010 and beyond. This will be evident, when we review the open EBITDA positions in a few minutes. Turning to slide 21, coal, nuclear and hydro, which are baseload generation make up more than 90% of our expected generation output in any given year and is really the value drivers for the generation fleet. For 2009, substantially all of our expected baseload generation output has committed to sales obligations. For 2010, we have hedged over 80% of our baseload generation a small increase from last quarter, which provides a company with the solid base of earnings growth that we are forecasting. For 2011 and 12, you can see we have also hedged some significant portions of baseload generation at prices favorable to current market force. I would also like to note that substantially our capacity has been hedged primarily through selling forward capacity and PJMs, RPM auctions through 2011. On slide 22, we provide an update of our open EBITDA positions. Continuing with our practice of updating our open EBITDA positions with prices at the end of the quarter. Slide 22 has been updated to reflect forward prices as of the end of December, which are available on page A1 of today's presentation. Based on oil prices at December 31st, the unhedged gross margins for the supply segment in 2010 would be about $2.6 billion with associated O&M of $859 million. This brings the value of our 2010 open EBITDA to almost $1.8 billion. The change since the third quarter reflects the dramatic decline electricity prices partially offset by lower fuel prices. During the fourth quarter, PJM round the clock prices fell nearly $10 per megawatt hour for 2010, and coal prices fell about $53 per ton. Our 2011 and 12 open EBITDA positions were similarly impacted. While the decline in power prices negatively effected our open EBITDA positions to the value of our hedges as one would expect have increased dramatically. With that I would like to turn the call back over to Tim for the Q&A.
Tim Paukovits: Okay. Thanks Bill. Operator we are ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Jim Miller:  Good morning.
Paul Farr:  Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Since I saw trading and marketing it looks to me, that you guys are seeing better margins, or you are expecting better margins in 2009. Is that's because the backlog that you guys were talking about and has 2010 changed at all?
Jim Miller:  Our 2010 has not changed. 2009 does reflect the backlog that we had coming into the year which was roughly about $50 million of margins we had from polar deals and other transactions that were executed prior to 2009.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Okay. So, that's kind of look. I think before it was $65 million now it is $85 million.
Jim Miller:  Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Okay. And then the 2010, stays the same at $125 
Jim Miller:  Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Okay. And then secondly, there is was email that was published in your local paper about cost cutting efforts. Jim?
Jim Miller:  Yes, yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  And I was wondering if that’s got I don’t see any change in the open EBIT number but how you see that as potentially impacting your order or is it and what has been?
Jim Miller:  Well, I think Paul as we go into these 2009 and it's not too much different from a number of other years where we see a lot of economic challenges with the economy. We are trying to maintain a laser sharp focus on all necessary steps to reduce cost in a corporation. So I think the message to our employees and to the outside world here is that we are very focused on cost containment, cost reduction and we will continue that effort as we move through the next three four weeks here and determine where we can trim cost in the corporation to deal with any of the unforeseen that hit us in a difficult economic time in the country. So, I think there is nothing at this point that would cause us to change any of our forecast one way or the other but I think it's just a message to everyone that we are a very intensely focused on delivering our numbers for 2009 and beyond and you can't maintain a focus without bringing cost in to the picture and that's exactly what we are doing.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Okay. So that may low a cost, so we have actually got projected in the numbers now but you guys are being conservative and your estimation of that is that the way your thinking?
Bill Spence: Well I think one way of think it is there are couple of headwinds I mentioned in my remarks Paul, in terms of pension costs both domestically and at WPD the FX rate that we assumed in the plan was $1.50. We gave sensitivity around that number on the last slide in the deck. What we are looking at from the cost control perspective would more than offset those so I guess we are trying to stay ahead of the game and trying to not predict negative outcomes but as Jim, said we're clearly focused on meeting and beating the forecast we have given you guys. So that it factors in to negative headwinds and our intent in terms of performance for the year or so.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay great and then just finally the energy efficiency efforts that you guys mentioned it was inflation what have you the demand reduction efforts are? Do you see those as being achievable or do you see any problems in accomplishing those or what do you think about their attainability, we are seeing that's showing up in the legislation of our country. I was just wondering, what do you guys think about the capability of Pennsylvania reducing demand as they I guess they hope to do in this legislation?
Jim Miller: I think they are very achievable numbers. I think the key for us obviously in the legislation was ensuring that we had our cost recovery and as there were going to be enough funds dedicated to be meaningful and I think if you look at 2% of the revenue as the number that's targeted for allocation of the programs, we do think that would be sufficient to achieve the goals that they have both on the conservation and as well as on the demand reduction end.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay great thanks a lot guys. 
Jim Miller: Sure. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of John Kiani with Deutsche Bank. 
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank:  Good morning 
Jim Miller: Good morning John. 
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Can you discuss the potential or talk a little bit about the potential 2011 through 2013 procurement and any additional rate mitigation, I know Jim you have talked about a little bit in your opening comments. But 2011 procurement at current prices be blended with the 2010 increase through some type of the deferral mechanism. And if that's the case what will the resulting rate payer increases look like on an annual basis?
Jim Miller: I will comment on that, first I would say in terms of the current process that we are using for 2010, the gap period. We have no plans to modify that at this point. We would of course consider other alternatives but quite frankly we have already filed a plan, it's been approved for 2010 to 2011 plan was initially submitted and recently modified to comply with the Act 129. And we think that's a well thought [province] and highly structured plan that are going to provide benefits. If you look at core prices who knows where they are going to be, but clearly there is a potential looking at way forwards of settling for 2011 and we could be looking at a decrease for customers in 2011. And possibly decreases in the next two auctions coming up. So the 36% that is result of the first four auctions is likely to come down, although other things being equal, but hard to predict where 2011 will fall out. The PUC did recently do a new flash cut of where they expected prices to fall for 2011 and 2010 and substantial reductions from the power flash cut that they had done. So all-in-all I think as prices are dropping, customers could see those benefits as auctions unfold here.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then could you talk a little bit about the transmission line that you recently announced from Susquehanna?
Jim Miller: Sure, just in terms of a general update.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: PM timing and what kind of the benefit of the line is and why you are pursuing the development of it. 
Jim Miller:  Sure, I think first and foremost we are constructing the line at the direction of PJM, which has forecasted the need from our reliability standpoint for that line. Secondly, we have flied with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission or applications and we would expect that process to take about a year. So you would be looking at probably the end of this year at the earliest that we have approval from Pennsylvania.  We have formula rates that are on file with the FERC and in the process of serving our case there, so that looks favorable, but our belief is from a reliability standpoint and there is certainly a need and I would also say that there are a lot of renewable project out there that I think everyone is focused on making sure those renewable resources get to market and this is another way to help that. 
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. And then one last question. It looks like your 2010 and '11 call had just went down a few 100 basis points? Can you talk a little bit about what happened there?
Paul Farr:   Are you referring to the EBITDA slide?
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: I am referring to slide 20.
Paul Farr:  Yes, I think those are primarily coming from better number from Keystone & Conemaugh.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Got you.
Jim Miller:  We have estimates and than as the owner group is provided better information from the operator we are able to update the numbers.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Very good, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Danielle Seitz with Seitz. 
Danielle Seitz - Seitz: Hi. I was just wondering if you could give us an idea over the tax rate for international delivery and whether that has happened in '08 pretty much reflecting on '09, or do you see another change there?
Paul Farr:  Again we did see about a $0.06 benefit coming through from resolution of an open issue that we had with inland revenue that we got resolved. Lately, that is effecting the global rate for WPD. Let me try to get to the effective rates. Do you have another question Danielle?  
Danielle Seitz - Seitz:  Yes, just quickly the improvement in margins that you are anticipating for this year. How much of that will be coming from the upgrades that you are anticipating at the different nuclear plants. If it is major portion of that or most of it is actually prices?
Paul Farr: Hello?
Danielle Seitz - Seitz:  Yes.
Paul Farr: Yeah the effective rates were around 29%.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz:  Okay, that is for 2009?
Paul Farr: That's correct and about roughly 30% for 2010.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz:  Great, thanks a lot. And as far as the effect of the upgrades for this year regarding the nuclear plants and next year, do you feel that $0.27 that you are anticipating this year. Is this a minimal portion of that number most of it is just prices.  
Paul Farr: No the nuclear generation is about $0.03 of the total.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz: Great.
Paul Farr: So, its not the majority, again more significantly coming from improved power values from higher prices in the west and higher prices under the polar contract. And then higher margins from marketing and trading which is around $0.13 again as we built from that basically flat, net marketing and trading result in 2008 to the 85 million in gross margin that we expect in 2009. Those are the biggest drivers.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz: Great. And the higher O&M is mostly pension on delivery that you are anticipating?
Paul Farr: That the utility more baked on customer programs and uncollectible at supply coming from additional plant outages at the coal-fired units and higher operating cost of the scrubbers which is about a nickel.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz: Thanks a lot. I appreciate.
Paul Farr: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Alex - Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys its actually Alex stepping in. I just had a question on the pension thought there. I don’t know if you could give us a little bit better idea of what the cost increase would be from 2008 to 2009. And related question would be why we are really seeing an impact on 2010 outlook plan. I was thinking about things from an international perspective and almost assumed that any elevated pension cost might be cooperated in the next rate review with rates implemented next spring.
Paul Farr: Okay. On a consolidated basis from '08 to '09 we are seeing about $0.03 increase in pension cost, versus where we thought, we were going to be it was about $0.01 increase, when we were going through November review. Virtually all of that came about because of the very significant decline in AA corporate, subset of the universe that we use to discount the obligation add as everybody really saw as there was a major drive to high quality, debt securities including treasuries and the higher quality corporates in December.  Rates drove down slightly in excess of 100 basis points from where we were at beginning to mid-November to where we ended up at late December and almost all of that came within the month of December. So, it just was not predictable. We thought we were being as conservative as we could be but there is a little bit of a hit there. From a WPD perspective, we do get recovery of a significant portion of the on-going pension cost and underperformance of assets versus liabilities. However, when they do the distribution price control reviews, they use actuarial numbers from triennial evaluation for the pension plans. So, from a WPD perspective, which occur at mid-year, so they are going to use mid-year 2007 pension cash funding assumptions as they determine the revenue requirement instead of numbers which would come through in early to mid 2010. So, in this price control review they are using data from '07 for 2010 through 2015 revenues. Ultimately, the 2015 revenue case would factor this in.  So, it’s a relatively large gap timing issue. The [REX] in the UK though, all of that including ourselves are trying to get Ofgem to recognize what's happened in the marketplace from an interest rate perspective and an asset performance perspective to try to adjust revenues for that item. But it's not, given that we need to be able to accomplish that. Yes, ultimately, a significant portion of the cost of recoverable and revenue. But you can end up with timing issues and we are not on [FAS 71] for UK. So, they hit as we go.
Alex - Merrill Lynch:  Great. And just a follow-up on WPD. I was just wondering what overall thoughts are just in terms of Ofgem, your attitude and indications on rate of return, I guess compare to last price control and also what your performance benchmark then for WPD relative to the other companies?
Jim Miller:   We would expect to get similar treatments to what the gas folks saw so some slight hair-cut in the whack not significant and factored into our forecast. WPD, clearly remain frontier performer in terms of quality and service. As well as from a cost perspective, although, we got a little more work to do there as it relates to trying to get them to normalize or I guess normalize is the right word as they do the regression analysis and comparing contrast each rack against to each other just try to get more network focused in terms of number of customers focused in that calculation.  We rate very highly from a cost perspective as well as being the frontier in quality and service. We maximized our revenue bonuses between the rate cycles each year for the last several years as well. That performance obviously we get higher expectations from Ofgem as they reset the expectation bar for the next review, but we are confident that we can continue to outperform there. So, nothing in terms of philosophical change by Ofgem, it really are trying to find ways again with their incentive mechanism to reward performers who say that they need certain O&M cost, certain CapEx levels and then outperform the metrics. And if you do that, you get rewarded and if you don’t you get penalized and that’s how we have been treated extremely well. We don’t expect that to change.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of [Ed Tirello] with Zimmer Lucas Partners.  
Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners:   Good morning. I just have a question about low growth at the Pennsylvania Delivery segment. You said during the call that you expect residential load to grow slightly and that will be offset by the declines in the commercial and industrial. I was wondering if you could put more specific numbers around that?
Jim Miller: Sure on a weather adjusted basis we basically saw just under 2% load growth from 2007 to 2008 and as Bill, mentioned in his remarks we would expect on a consolidated basis to be roughly flat-to-down, 0.5% from '08 to '09 virtually all of the decline that we are seeing in industrial is being slightly offset by residential and small commercial. So the numbers vary in terms of the total load by the customer classes. So the percentage, it’s not an equal load across the universe of customer classes.
Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners: What kind of decline are you seeing for the industrials?
Jim Miller: Just over 2% on a weather adjusted basis between '08 and '09. 
Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay and with the power prices coming down do you now expect that there will be significant customer switching going to 2010?
Jim Miller: Yeah, there is clearly the potential for that. I guess it depends upon on how quickly that market develops. In most markets that have gone through deregulation, obviously, the commercial industrial the first is one is off and in fact they are not part of that utility fixed launch procurement program for 2010. There will be one auction late this year on their behalf and they can either opt into that program or shop. They really require to effectively shop. So from C&I perspective I do not see any significant change for what the prior view was. There will be system to fuel from the default supply standpoint. As it relates to the residential and small commercial industrial we will see what happens, again the prices if you use current leverage would be less than the 36% as procured thus far and as the utility conducts the next two auctions of this further declines, the likelihood of shopping is greater and that will benefit customers. 
Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners: When do you expect to file your next rate cases for the Pennsylvania delivery segment.
Jim Miller: As we see, the relatively flat load growth profile as we see rising costs, as we see relatively significantly rising CapEx on the distribution side of the business. Clearly our rate case could be warranted, even in 2009 but 2010 will be more likely as we kind of look forward with effective rates in 2000 and higher rates in 2011.
Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners: And just one last question, what are you expecting full pension contribution in 2009?
Jim Miller: In 2009, from a domestic perspective around $44 million, from a UK perspective, we will get back to you on the UK cash one 
Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay, and the $44 million from domestic, that's close to being at the Delivery segment?
Jim Miller: Yeah that's the consolidated domestic funding expectation that's Montana, that's EU that's Gen all under being well planned.
Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Thank you very much. 
Jim Miller: You're welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital:  Thank you very much. I was just looking at your CapEx slide A6 and noticed that why CapEx in '10 and '11 are $752 million and $790 million in '11, what does that include I thought Holtwood was not happening and yet the CapEx was still at the previous level, so remind just a big?
Bill Spence: This is Bill Spence and you are looking at 2010 levels of CapEx for the supply group?
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Right the previous '10 levels were also about $700 million which I thought included Holtwood.
Bill Spence: If probably in a quality included at small amount for the front end of the project at Holtwood so that would one driver. The other thing is we have included for assistance general maintenance of the plant so we've included some and reflected some increases there year-over-year from our prior forecast. There is only about little over a $100 million in what I would consider to be discretionary CapEx, most of it is either their sustenance environment related or regulatory driven.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Okay and these numbers just to confirm include nuclear field CapEx?
Bill Spence: It would.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: And could you also may be give us a little color on what you are seeing in the coal markets obviously last year was a pretty wild year. Is it kind of getting tamer. Are you able to do some long-term of contracting at reasonable prices. What do you see out there?
Bill Spence: Well certainly on the spot market side prices have come down substantially and I think for small train loads on a spot basis you could probably get eastern coal on $65 to $75 a ton range compared to where we are up in $140 last year. On a term basis we are as you can see from some of our hedge slides we are pretty well positioned overall. So we are not out there actively looking at additional long term contracts of any sizable amount. It's an opportunity presents itself off course we are going to look to block some in. But right now I think we feel pretty good with where we are sitting and do not have the exposure but for what makes this Keystone & Conemaugh don't really have any exposure on our eastern side for this year.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital:  Thank you very much. 
Bill Spence:  And in the west just to add a little bit more. Prices are down a little bit but more or less holding where they were in the $16 to $18 a ton range.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital:  Thank you.
Jim Miller: Operator do we have any other questions.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of [Ed Haines with Catapult Capital]. 
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Good morning. 
Jim Miller:  Good morning.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Just had a few quick questions, Paul I think you mentioned this but the sterling assumption you are using in your '09 and '10 guidance is it $1.50 is that right?
Paul Farr:  That's correct a $1.50 in 2009, $1.75 in 2010.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Okay.
Paul Farr: Which was baked more of, we use a series of forward what but not really forward, but forecast by various sources to try to develop of you.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Got you. Okay and then you put that sensitivity now that nickel move is worth about $0.02 and EPS.
Paul Farr: That's correct. 
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Okay, and then just on the open EBITDA can you guys disclose what sort of coal prices you are assuming in those numbers or give us a kind of idea of how much they have moved down from the last time you gave us a mark?
Paul Farr:  I would say just for 2010 in general, that the prices have move down rough numbers about $5 a ton.
Jim Miller:  And Mark, that would just effect pretty much the east because of the west, we got this mine now for coal strip we used contracted prices.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Okay.  
Jim Miller:  In even number.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  So when you guys give the open number at 930 versus year-end '08, the coal price in ton only came down $5 a ton?
Jim Miller:  And that would primarily effect the 9 million tons of coal in the east.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Got you, okay, because you don’t include the west because it's hard to get a mark there.
Jim Miller:  Well, because it's contracted through 2019 at a cost based contract. So, market benchmark wouldn’t be relevant.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Got you. Okay, brining it down $5 a ton is that still again $90 range or so for 2010 you are assuming in the open EBITDA or is it a lot lower than that?
Jim Miller:  We will probably be in that range, yes, with transportation included on delivered basis.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Okay. So you are seeing spots up now in the 65 range, does that include transportation?
Jim Miller:  65 to 75 that would not include transportation.  
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Okay.
Jim Miller:  Whatever you think might be an appropriate number to that.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital:  Got you. Okay, and then just the last question, I think you had kind of touched on this, but I guess the switching risk given that commodity prices have come down in the 2010 auction for residentials. I know that residentials are kind of sticky but how much of like your 80% electricity in the east hedged in 2010 is kind of really I guess energy supply which is directly serve in the auction that could basically be at risk?
Jim Miller: The confidentiality provision as dictated by the PUC don’t permit discussion or disclosure of the level of participation or wins in the auction processes, the only out that’s provided for in the underlying contracts is if the one that, if the amount that’s garnered by a particular supplier is significant enough that they deem it necessary to disclose from a financial reporting perspective. So, we discussed in the first auction that we had one 85% of the total lots in the auction. We have not disclosed anything since the first auction, so you can read that to be, it was immaterial amount to zero in the subsequent auctions. Remember we had 50% of the baseload hedged before utility conducted the first auction. So from our perspective it’s not significant it would be material from a cooperate perspective.
Ed Haines - Catapult Capital: Okay. And the switching risk would only come into effect if you actually won the auction, as oppose to selling to a third party that has essentially supplied the auction, because you would not have that load variability risk. Got you, okay. Thanks for the help.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question is a follow-up from the line of John Kiani with Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-up, one last question on the Susquehanna transmission line. Do you have a higher level estimate for how much that transmission line once it's put into service would increase the realized market heat rate or the price of power or what not at Susquehanna (inaudible).  
Jim Miller: No. We don’t.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank:  Directionally, will it go up or down?
Jim Miller:  I haven’t looked at it for some time. So, I would be hesitant given the dramatic declines we have seen in prices across the Board. I want to go back and look at that before I would even venture, yes to be honest
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Thanks.
Jim Miller:  Sure.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of [Ed Tirello] with Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Hi. You mentioned earlier in the call that you are seeing 2009 earnings in the lower half of your previous guidance range. And just wondering what are the specific factors leading to that view, [on to those side of things]?
Jim Miller:  In 2010, it's been driven almost entirely by the decline in value of the open power position that we have got as we all watched forward prices decline for the cal 2010 period. That’s slightly less than 20% open baseload position has impacted gross margin.
Ed Tirello - Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Thank you very much. That was very helpful.
Jim Miller:  You're welcome. To get back to the question that Danielle asked earlier and there is no change to those cash payment assumption in the UK from any movement in interest rates or anything like that. It was consistent with the plan, again because the triennial evaluation, it's around $90 million in cash funding for the pension in WPD for the next year.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Jim Miller:  Well, operator, I will just remind everyone that from our perspective at PPL these are challenging times in the economy. But rest assure we have an intense focus on doing all the taking, all the necessary steps to deal with any headwinds we see in 2009 and beyond to ensure that we deliver the numbers that we put out to the community.  Additionally, I think that in this year, this spring we will continue to work with both the PUC in the Pennsylvania legislature to complete our transition to market purchases for PPL Electric Utilities in 2010, and as well we are going to take all the necessary steps to strengthen and maintain our credit rating for the corporation.  So, I thank you for your attention and we will talk to you at the end of first quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy J. Paukovits - Director of IR James H. Miller - Chairman, President and CEO Paul A. Farr - EVP and CFO William H. Spence - EVP and COO
Analysts: Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Greg Gordon - Citigroup Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Raymond Leung - Goldman Mark Segal - Canaccord Adams Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ery and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to PPL Corporation's Third Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call lover to Tim Paukovits, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Timothy J. Paukovits - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call and third quarter results and our general business outlook. We're providing slides of this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Tim and good morning everyone. Today we plan to follow our usual format, beginning with general business update and commentary on our third quarter results we announced this morning following... followed by a Q&A session as always. With me on a call this morning are Paul Farr our Chief Financial Officer and Bill Spence, our Chief Operating Officer. Today we're reporting third quarter GAAP earnings of $0.54 a share compared with $0.84 per share in the same period a year ago. For the first nine months of 2008, GAAP earnings were $1.73 per share compared with $2.25 per share a year ago. Driving the decline in third quarter and year-to-date reported earnings is a significant decline in the wholesale energy margins. The company's wholesale energy margins decline was driven by unrealized losses in our marketing and trading activity and extended outages at two of our large coal-fired power plant in Pennsylvania. The margin declines were partially offset by improved earning from our UK delivery business. While Bill Spence, will provide further details on both margins and the power plant outages, I'd like to take a minute to put this quarter's results in some perspective. As you know, during the third quarter, there was unprecedented volatility in the energy commodities market, a rapid decline in liquidity doing an elimination of market participants and a 25% to 35% drop in forward wholesale electricity prices. Due to this lack of liquidity, we were unable to unwind certain market positions, which led to the unrealized losses included in the results that we reported to you today. Our approach has been to conservatively market and trade around our assets, utilizing appropriate stop loss controls. Under most market conditions, these controls would have limited our losses to a small amount. In light of the reduced market, liquidity and volatility, we've taken steps that I believe will limit these types of trading exposures going forward. Our approach to the marketing and trading business has been very profitable for us over the past several years and we expect it to be profitable this year as well. We've also addressed the outage at our Montour plan which will return to normal operation later this month. And Bill will cover more details on that during his update. Clearly, this was a challenging quarter for the company. It also was clear that the worldwide financial crisis has had and will continue to have a significant impact on wholesale electricity markets for the foreseeable future, and that we need to adjust our tactics accordingly. I want to emphasize however, that our long term strategy focused on the efficient operation of our generating assets and marketing the output of these assets, combined with effective operation of our regulated delivery systems continues to provide significant value for our share owners. As you know, we have excellent generating assets in one of the largest and most active wholesale energy markets in the world. Our marketing and trading operations focused primarily on using these assets to serve load following needs of utilities in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast. And our strategic approach to making the most of our generation assets continues to hold significant growth potential for 2010 and beyond, upon exiting our rate cap period. More on that in a few minutes, but let's first cover ongoing earnings. Earnings from ongoing operations for the third quarter declined to $0.45 per share from $0.72 per share a year ago. For the first nine months of the year, earnings from ongoing operations were $1.56 per share versus $2 a share a year ago. Ongoing earnings for the quarter and year-to-date were affected by the same drivers as reported earnings. And Paul, will provide more details on the third quarter's financial performance. Before we hear from him, I'd like to talk about our forecast for this year as well as 2009 and also 2010. As we announced earlier today, we've revised our forecast for 2008 earnings from ongoing operations to a range of $2 to $2.05 per share, primarily as a result of the lower energy margins I just discussed. Today, we're also initiating our 2009 forecast earnings range of $1.60 to $1.90 per share. The 2009 forecast takes into account a number of factors including ongoing cost pressures, fixed generation prices in Pennsylvania for the last year of our rate cap period, rising cause to financing and credit facilities and a stronger U.S. dollar. So, given the ongoing uncertainty and financial in power markets, we'll be focused on aggressively managing risks and preserving capital without jeopardizing our expected significant increase in earnings and cash flow for 2010 and beyond. And as we've been saying for some time we're well positioned for this time horizon. Based on the value we've created, through all of our hedging activities and marking the un-hedged power and fuel positions to market, we're revising our 2010 forecast to $3.60 to $4.20 per share. And again, Paul will provide additional details on this revised forecast. This 2010 forecast is based on a solid foundation of having already sold more than 80% of our 2010 expected base load generating output and 100% of the available capacity. As well as having fuel contracts in place that are significantly below market. Strong, longer term fundamentals remain in place for PPL. There is unlikely to be substantial new generation on the market, resulting in lower reserves margins. We have high performing, relatively low cost generating assets. We have sufficient credit facilities and improving cash flow and we have very visible earnings from our supply business and our electricity delivery businesses in Pennsylvania and the U.K. The unprecedented events in the past couple of months appropriately have caused companies in this sector to reexamine their strategies and tactics and PPL is no exception. I'm pleased to tell you that our long-term strategy continues to support growth for its share owners. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Paul and then Bill to provide further details on our reported results, our forecast, our updates on some key business items. After that we will take your questions. Paul?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jim. Good morning everyone. Before I begin, I'd like to remind everyone that earnings from ongoing operation include the operating results of the Divested Latin American and Gas delivery businesses that excludes special items related to their divestiture. Third quarter earnings from ongoing operations are significantly lower than last year as Jim mentioned, driven by lower energy margins in our supply segment and partially offset by higher international earnings. Turning to slide 7, I'll review the supply segment performance in more detail. The supply segment earned $0.16 per share in the third quarter of 2008, a $0.34 decrease compared with last year. The decrease was primarily driven by lower East energy margins as a result of unrealized losses on certain trading position as well as lower base load generation resulting from unplanned outages at two of our large coal-fired power plant in PA. We filed an 8-K earlier in the third quarter detailing the expected decline in forecast earnings due to the partial collapse of sub-structure surrounding one of the Montour cooling towers. And Bill will discuss more on these drivers in his remarks. Beyond the outages, margins were also negatively impacted by higher average coal prices. Partially offsetting these negative margin drivers are higher realized margins from various supply contract. Also contributing to lower earning versus last year, are higher depreciation expense of $0.02, a loss of $0.03 synfuel-related earnings and higher financing cost driven by higher debt levels, healthy issuance from credit facilities and the cost of additional credit capacity that was added late in the quarter. The higher depreciation related to placing the Montour scrubbers and service and the operator Susquehanna handling Unit 1 that went into service during the second quarter of '08. As a reminder, the first phase of the upgrade added 50 megawatts with the remaining 109 megawatts being added in early 2009 and early 2010. Moving to slide 8, our Pennsylvania delivery segment earned $0.09 per share in the third quarter of '08, unchanged from last year. Higher electric delivery revenues resulting from EU's distribution rate increase and customers load growth were offset by higher operating expenses. Moving to slide 9, our international delivery segment earned $0.20 per share in the third quarter of 2008, a $0.07 increase compared to year ago. The increase was the net result of a UK tax benefit on a change in UK tax law. Lower U.S. taxes on planned cash repatriations this year, lower O&M driven by lower pension expense and the loss of $0.03 per share in earnings from PPL's Latin American businesses, which were sold in 2007. As Jim mentioned, we are revising our 2008 ongoing forecast to a range of $2 to $2.05 per share from the prior forecast range of $2.17 o $2.27 per share. The margin impact affecting third quarter earnings leads us to this revised '08 forecast. We now expect energy margins to be $0.33 per share lower in 2008 compared with 2007. We expect the decrease it's primarily driven by lower margins from marketing and trading activities, lower coal-fired generation and higher fuel costs. These decreases are partially offset by higher nuclear and hydro-generation and improve power value driven primarily by higher electric sales prices in the west, and higher sale prices under the polar contract between PPL EnergyPlus and PPL Electric Utilities. Other factors impacting our expected 2008 earnings are lower O&M of $0.06 per share, the $0.18 per share loss of synfuel-related earnings, a decrease of $0.08 per share as the result of the sale of our Latin American portfolio. And high depreciation expense primarily again in the supply segment due to the scrubbers coming online and this year's Susquehanna Unit 1 upgrade project. Now let's take a look at 2009. As we stated on our second quarter call and as Jim just mentioned again this morning, many of the cost pressures that are impacting 2008 earnings will negatively affect 2009 earnings as well. The earnings walk on this slide reflects our current expectations for 2009, over what we expect to achieve in 2008. The major drivers of our 2009 earnings forecast, are higher expected energy margins were $0.22 per share primarily driven by improved power value from higher electric sales prices in the West and higher sales prices under the polar contract began between EnergyPlus and EU, higher margins from marketing and trading activities, higher coal-fired and nuclear generation and higher fuel costs. These higher energy margins are more than offset by higher O&M primarily due to additional planned outages at our coal-fired power plants. Higher operating costs associated with the scrubbers and higher operating costs of WPD. Higher financing costs due to higher debt balances and the increased cost in credit facilities, unfavorable UK exchange rate, UK tax benefits recorded in '08 that are not expected to recur in 2009. And higher depreciation due to scrubbers and precipitators that are expected to go into service during 2009, and generally higher plant and service throughout the company. Turning to slide 12, today we also revised our 2010 earnings forecast to a range of $3.60 to $4.20 per share. This slide includes the drivers between expected '09 and '10 earnings and on the next slide I'll walk you the change in the new 2010 forecast over the previous forecast for 2010. 2010 earnings growth is driven by higher energy margins which are expected to increase $2.40 per share. These higher energy margins are primarily driven by improved power values, higher capacity prices, higher coal-fired and nuclear generation and higher expected margins from marketing and trading activity. These positive energy margin drivers are partially offset by higher fuel cost and increased environmental cost. Partially offsetting the net energy margin growth are higher O&M and increased environmental compliance cost, including operating cost with scrubbers and payroll expenses in supply segment, as well as higher planned maintenance work, increased funding for customer educations and customer assistance program and increased uncollectible accounts expenses in the Pennsylvania delivery segment. Higher U.S. taxes in the international segment, higher financing cost due higher debt balances and higher depreciation due to higher plant and service throughout the company. Now let's move to slide 13, and I'll walk you through from the mid-point of our previous forecast to the mid-point of our new forecast for 2010. The decrease in the forecast is primarily driven by higher financing costs, mainly in the supply segment due to higher debt balances and the higher cost to credit facilities, higher O&M primarily in our supply and Pennsylvania delivery segment, lower earning from WPD, primarily driven by a less favorable expected exchange rate and slightly lower energy margins in 2010, as a result of lower expected margins from our marketing and trading activities. It's extremely important to note that the margins expected from our core generation activities have not changed from the prior forecast to the current forecast as we were able to hedge significant quantities for 2010 and beyond in Q1 and Q2 of this year when prices were much higher. Other category includes lower Pennsylvania delivery revenue and higher operating expenses other than O&M. We continue to expect that approximately 77% of our 2010 earnings will come from our supply segment with the contribution of our international Pennsylvania delivery segments to be 15% and 8% respectively. Slide 14, on cash flow incorporates our current earnings forecast. While we continue to expect negative free cash flow before dividend this year, we do expect it to turn positive next year. Given the uncertain financial times, the increasing cost of financing and our desire to preserve capital, we have cut our CapEx budget by $200 million for 2009 mainly coming from discretionary CapEx from the supply segment including new renewable investments being eliminated, certain hydro expansion opportunities being cut back and significantly scaled back nuclear development activities. We are still working on the CapEx numbers for 2010. But most of that year-on-year CapEx increase is coming from expected increases in CapEx in the waters businesses. At WPD, due to regulatory requirement resulting from the next price control review and higher transmission CapEx in electric utilities. While I did not include a separate slide on dividends, they remain an important part of total share owner return, especially in difficult financial times. We will evaluate our dividend level late this year on finalizations of our normal business planning process. Given the current credit environment, we wanted to provide further details on our credit facilities and collateral postings. We remain highly focused on maintaining our strong credit profile and liquidity position. We have more than $4.2 billion in credit facilities supporting the activities of our supply business and our hedging strategy. This provides us with one of the strongest liquidity positions in the sector. Taking into account outstanding letters of credit and draws against the facilities, we have more than $3.2 billion available at PPL Energy supply under the existing facilities. The supply segment has diverse group of 24 banks providing credit with no bank having more than 13% of the total commitment. The credit facilities on slide 15, exclude amounts previously committed by Lehman Brothers due to their bankruptcy filing. The credit facility needs a PPL Electric Utilities and WPD are clearly not as substantial as the supply segment. However, both are in solid liquidity positions as well. Moving on to collateral, we though it would be helpful to review the level of credit posting that we've had for the supply business and this slide reflects the strong liquidity position that's been maintained over time. The posting increased earlier this year, obviously as power prices began to rise significantly when prices peaked mid-year postings total less than half the capacity available, inclusive of available cash providing the supply business with the necessary liquidity to withstand further price moves as well as credit downgrades. As we all know, prices fell from those mid-year highs and a significant portion of the collateral has been returned to us. These credit facilities clearly remained valuable to the company as we looked to put additional hedges on for the future and Bill will talk about more about our hedge strategy in his remarks. Finally, PPL is also in a strong position from a debt maturity perspective. Last month, PPL Electric Utilities was able to issue $400 million a five year notes in an extremely tight credit environment and late last year WPD free funded the majority of the remaining 2008 refinancing needs. The EU issuance in October was executed at time as many others in the sector were not able to issue debt securities and the proceeds from that issuance will be used to partially pre-fund next year's $486 million of maturity. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations. Bill?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Paul, and good morning everyone. Let me start with our marketing and trading. As Jim indicated we have revised our marketing and trading operations in light of current and expected market conditions. But I do want to put our 2008 results in some perspective. As you can see form slide 18, our marketing and trading has been profitable each of the last four years. Even with the poor third quarter results the business has contributed positively to margins thus far in 2008, a positive $43 million year-to-date. In the third quarter we saw a rapid decline with liquidity which coupled with the sharp decline in prices caused due to significant mark-to-market loss. This price drop affected several power positions of PPL EnergyPlus was unable to quickly close out due to lack of liquidity in the foreign markets. While some of liquidity remained in the front of the power market, there was virtually no liquidity in the back-end of the power curve, which is where we held these positions. I think most of you aware that banks and other market makers were forced to exit or significantly scale back their operations in the power market due to the credit crises. Unfortunately, this prevented us from officially exiting our positions. The trades were well within our bar and our value risk limits. And in normal market conditions as Jim said, we would have hit stop less trigger and exited with a relatively small loss. As you can see from this slide, we've had relatively small trading profits in the past and I firmly believe we would have limited our recent losses if not for the unusual market conditions we faced in the quarter. I think you can also see from the bottom of this slide that the entire marketing and trading is a relatively small portion of our overall supply margins. This is clearly a very different market and we've scaled back our risk profile and lowered our other forecast of earnings from this segment going forward. We do believe it's important to maintain some limited presence in marketing and trading over the long-term. The operation provides effective price discoveries for hedging our generation output and managing our fuel inputs. And our marketing group provides multiple avenues for selling generation output. On a more positive note, the reduced number of market participants may provide better margin opportunities as we market our generation into this environment. Turning to slide 19, I'd like to address the other significant challenge we faced in the third quarter. The previously announced partial collapse of a cooling tower at Montour... Montour power plant. As you can see from this photo, we're making excellent progress and for placing the entire tower. I expect the plant to resume full operation within the next several weeks. This outage and another unplanned outage at our Brunner Island plant reduced quarterly earnings by more than $0.10 per share. On slide 20, we've updated our hedge positions for electricity and fuel as of September 30. Taking a look at 2010 electricity sales, we've increased our hedged positions, since the second quarter call. We're able to take advantage of high prices in the market in early July and increased our expected generation hedge position overall from 68% to 76%. We're also providing our hedged positions for 2011 and 2012 for the first time. We have done a significant amount of hedging as you can see in those years as well with 46% hedged in 2011 and 26% hedged in 2012. On the fuel side, we've contracted for additional coal for 2009 and 2010 and are in a favorable coal position in 2011 and 2012 and we have 50% of our total expected coal burn hedged now through 2018. As discussed on our last call, we do have some exposure to spot coal purchases associated with our joint interest in the Keystone and Conemaugh plants and you can see the estimated un-hedged volumes on the bottom of this slide. Our average hedged fuel price for each year are substantially below current and forward market prices and provide a valuable foundation to provide more predictable earnings going forward. This will be evident when we review our open EBITDA position in a few minutes. Turning to slide 21, coal, nuclear and hydro, our base flow generation, makes up more than 90% of our expected generation output in any given year. And it's really the value driver over generation suite. For 2008 and 2009, we sold essentially all of our base flow generation output and are not materially sensitive to power price changes in these years. For 2010, we've hedged about 80% of our base flow generation which provides the company with the solid base of earnings growth we're now forecasting. Again, for 2011 and 2012, our marketing and trading group has been able to hedge a significant portion of our base flow generation at favorable prices. I would also like to note that substantially all of our capacity has been hedged primarily through the RPM auctions and PGM for 2011. Turning to slide 22, today, we're providing an update to our 2010 opening EBITDA position and for the first time, providing a look at our positions for 2011 and 2012. Continuing with our practice of updating our open EBITDA position with prices at the end of the quarter, slide 22 has been updated to reflect forward prices as of the end of September, which are available on page A1 of today's presentation. Based on oil prices at September 30, the un-hedged gross margins of the supply segment and 2010 would be about $3 billion, with associated O&M of $860 million. This brings the value of our open EBITDA to $2.2 billion. The change since the second quarter reflects the steep prize declines to the power markets and our revised the expectations from O&M. We do see growth in our open EBITDA for 2011 and 2012. The growth in 2011 is driven by the full year margin impact of the nuclear operates, expected to be completed in 2010. Also included in 2011 since capacity revenue generated from the long view coal plant under construction in West Virginia. Under this contract, PPL will buy electricity and capacity at fixed prices, which would determine in January 2007. We will start to receive the capacity in June 2011. The growth in 2012 comes from the full year impact of long view capacity, along with electricity from long view that we start to take on January 1, 2012. We've also noticed the positive mark of our hedges. This is due to the positive mark on our fuel hedges partially offset by some below market tower contracts. Slide 23, provides you with the earning sensitivities from capacity, energy sales, and changes in equivalent availability, so you will be better able to model our forecast as market conditions change. This is something that several of you have asked us to incorporate and we are proving this for the first time. As Jim said, our long-term view for the power market is strong. And we remain optimistic about PPL's long term earnings growth. As utilities in the PGM region begin their default supply procurement processes, in the coming year, I believe PPL will be in a very competitive position. I look for us to be successful in this options and I believe this might provide further growth opportunities for PPL. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Jim Miller for the Q&A.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Alright thanks, Bill. Operator we're ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ashar Khan of SAC Capital.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ashar.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Ashar
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Going to page... slide 22, the above market value of rally of hedges $200 million, $174 million, $169 million. Could you break this... how much of this is coal versus electric prices? Is it majority of it because of the coal contract?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I believe that's correct Ashar.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes one second, it's $122 million.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We're just checking it.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: So in essence, because we just have very good coal contracts, this value of the hedges are going to remain. They're going to reverse until the full contracts expire, which is I guess later on in the next decade. Is that correct?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, and one of the things that I mention on the last call was that we were planning and forecasting to be at the high end of many of the coal contract that have powers in them. So that does reflect the higher price at the ceiling if you will for those contracts that have those provisions.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: To give you some order of magnitude Ashar, on the fuel side it around a $470 million positive in the $200 million and a negative $290 million on the electric hedge side.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There is some other... few other positive marks for renewables and low powering deal.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Greg Gordon of Citigroup.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: The $0.11 delta from... the old guidance to the new guidance on O&M. I'm just doing a rough calculation. It seems like $0.07 or $0.08 of that is the higher O&M in the tower, the $8.59 versus the $8.14 renewable guidance? And the remainder I guess, is that PWD and the utilities?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay, great. And then can you talk about when you gave your guidance last year it's $56.2 million... in 56.2 total hours assumed in your open EBITDA on the August 1st, you're down to 55.5?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, that's, Greg, that's been driven by lower expected gas generation given what's happen to prices and spread.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. And when I just rough math, and I look at the un-hedged gross margin of 4299 in last presentation versus the 068 now, just about it by the megawatt hours, it goes from 76.50 to 55.25, on a gross margin per megawatt hours. That's $21 change. By looking at my price back, I'm not might going to presume that my price points are same as yours. I see that power prices have declined from... about $15 over that same timeframe. So, I might assume then that either my numbers aren't what you are seeing or that the delta difference is you hedged all the higher prices?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, no, because on an open basis, that would just have included the Montana coal that the other coal would have been out market.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Just let me re-phrase the question, from your perspective is the entire decline in gross margin priced or did you also locked in higher coal over the period?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It would be entirely because of the price. Our declines would indicate a higher increase than that. And I think as either Jim or Bill mentioned in their prepared part of the comments. We've seen kind of a cost curve if you will 25% to 35% decline. So, starting with that implied low 70s number into a low 50s number that's put just right in the ballpark.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And remember, we have said at the end of Q2 that even in that point in time were are reporting early August that we were down, at that point they already closer to where we were at the end of Q1. So, we've seen further degradation. But we did indicate those numbers were down at that point as well.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: The WPD $0.07 delta, is that all currency translation or is there some underlying change in operating assumption?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The $0.07, it's almost all currency.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys,
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Paul.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just to follow-up on the currency, is that basically you guys look at the forward currency and that's what causing you to lower the numbers up that pretty much it.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. When, looking at slide 12, how much of the energy margin of 240, do you guys have for trading and marketing?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There approximately $125 million in the 2010 expectation, which again if look at where we were on a year-to-date basis from an expected marketing perspective get back to that kind of a number by that timeframe. It's been reduced from that number for 2009 given current condition. But again, I expect we'll remain significantly competitive as folks exit this pace and I believe, Jim... Bill mentioned that his remarks so.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: What is it for 2009?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: $5 million [ph] plus.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I'm sorry, I didn't hear that one.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: $65 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: $65 million then it goes to $125 million in 2010.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Clearly and that's an expectation of some return to normal liquidity in normal markets.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: When I look at the cash flow statement for year-to-date versus the six months. The unrealized gain on derivative and hedging activities looks like it's about the same. Yet it looks like you guys were hurt by a loss. I am just wondering, where is that showing up on the cash flow statement? I mean its, I think it was $84 million for the six months, which indicate that you guys had a gain and if we were just to look at the nine months cash flow statement, looks like its $83 million. And yet, my understanding is that you guys were negatively impacted by unrealized losses. Where on the cash flow statement do those show up?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, just one second, I'm looking at the cash flow statement right now.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just why you are looking at that--
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It would be in that same line item. But that's the net of all derivatives that the company may have in place. That would include the conversion of the euro with the Yankee Financing in the UK, which would have a big price move with the move in FX. That would include interest rate derivatives. That would include the entire portfolio. So, it is in that number.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So it looks like guys had other gains that offset those losses.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And, are those gains what you'd normally expect? Or I mean, it sounds like there was some financial derivatives et cetera. Is that part of the trading business or what is--?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Again, I think the most significant piece of that is likely the Yankee Bond issuances is in the UK that has been swap to sterling. So that put... and that was put on when moran [ph] was in control of the entity and was swapped a long time ago. That better machetes that sterling a revenues and cash flows against sterling that in the UK. And whatever there is that's related to financial swaps that are in our interest expense and things like that are included again either current or forecast interest rate in the forecast.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I got you.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But most of it... that stuff is down the interest rates. But it's not that significant.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.And then the financing $0.12 impact in 2010. Just if you could break down, I mean just a little bit more in terms of how much of that, because of higher debt balances versus what you're expected cost to financing is? Or just a little bit more elaboration on that?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it's around $0.08 approximately due to higher debt balances and about $0.03 in credit facilities.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thank you very much.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Jonathan Arnold of Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Just wondering, if you could remind me what you had previously assumed in your former 2010 guidance on share repurchases and guessing that whatever was in there maybe is not in that stay?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We had approximately $600 million included. It was originally $700 million, but that was before we acquired the Ironwood toll. So, that affectively took that down by $100 million. It's still in the plan but we pushed that a little back, a little bit further back on 2010 from early 2010. We do still do expect with significant increase in the cash flows and the enhanced flexibility that will be able to accomplish that. Again, if it's the way finding our growth opportunities that are a better shareholder value add.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Andlooking at the cash flows forecast, it seems to be less than, I mean in 2010, it doesn't seem to be as high as $700 million, does that mean you're assuming you would actually finance to buy back in that timeframe?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thanks.And then, on more of the trading standpoint, you guys these numbers on a percentage of gross margins coming out of the marketing and trading. And if I recall earlier this year, you were emphasizing trading as there is something you are going to be more active in. Can you talk a bit about what you're going to change post the experience of this third quarter? What's a reasonable target of that percentage going forward? And just, and you sort of shift to strategy and my sense if you were beginning to kind of put a little more emphasis on trading earlier in the year?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I think our emphasis on trading and marketing was really to reflect the fact that we're going to be coming off this rate cap period, where a lot of our generation was really year marked for the existing polar work in Pennsylvania. And recognizing that to optimize the assets and market around those assets would be important as emerging company going forward. So, that was the reason we're probably emphasizing the fact that we needed to be more active in the space going forward. And having said that, we also indicated that we expected it to be in the range of 5% to 8% of total supply gross margins for both marking and trading combined. So, again a fairly small number but I think in light of current marking conditions, we're just the lack of participants in the space today. The lack of liquidity particularly in the forward market, clearly we have to revisit that and reset expectations both for 2009 and 2010. So, I think that if I had to say where are we today, not that we wouldn't still need to market and trade around our assets because it is a relatively large fleet. And we do need to participate in the market for price discovery and to really optimize the assets. But in terms of pure speculative positions as we have set in the past that's not our business model. And would never be. So hopefully that gives you a little perspective on our thought process.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kiani of Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, John.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, John.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Not to be labor the trading questions. But, I wasn't clear as to whether you have fully exited at those positions. If you have not it was a situation of where you started to but obviously the market liquidity dried up and therefore their unrealized losses. Can you give a little bit more color on what those positions were, it sounded like you were perhaps long power and kind of where you stand today?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I'll be happy to. We were long tower typically in the off peak markets down in 2012 and some puts in 2010, both of which became very quickly. Those positions have been closed out, did takes some time and as far as... don't looking forward we still expect the marketing and trading in total to be profitable for the year, all be it at much lower number than we had previously expected.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: And what was the bar for the marketing and trading business during the third quarter?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It was high of $10 million on a one day holding period. And, I think it was low during the period of $8 million.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: And that's under a 95% or 99% confidence?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: 95%.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: And, the collateral postings look like they had declined on slide 16, going in to September, what have they done in most recent periods, especially in month of October?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: October, that collateral postings?
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Yes.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Are less than $700 million.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: So, those have decline. Okay.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Cash is little less as well.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Alright. And then, can you also talk a little bit about kind of the idea of, what you see in the long woods and the tools that you actually acquired, recently. Are those recognized under accrual or does it recognize under mark-to-market? How do you account for the tools that you recently purchased for the Ironwood, pardon me.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. From an exact contract perspective, they would show up in our margin expectations, but they wouldn't show up on a mark perspective. We...
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Do you recognize iron, wood and the other tools under accrual accounting?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. We would capitalize the acquisition costs of the tool and be amortized in that off. And then the expensing that chargers under that tooling arrangement has accrued
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: And since you acquired those tools? Would you say, if you did for economic purposes market to market would they be in or out of the money?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: They would likely be in the current environment down from that original price point, but I don't have had a current economic value and we haven't disclosed the actual purchase price. And it's a single tool.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Purchase down with. Okay.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. There hasn't anything else purchase.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning. How are you?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, good Paul.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I guess, I had a question on the un-hedge... the unrealized losses. What was the magnitude of that?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It was approximately $0.20 in the quarter.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And why wouldn't we view that is kind of unusual item, since you have in exit to those positions?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well. We view there, we have either right fitted them or batch them with load. So, they will not create P&L volatility on a go forward basis. They have been exited from our perspective and from our perspective, given again what happened in the third quarter, we clearly expect to not repeat that performance to those positions and but at the same time, marketing and trading is part of our core activities and there was no basis to curve those out at all.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: They are now on accrual counting set, because they are matched?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well no. They have either been by this point in time realize so they have been batched in any further price moves they would roll against and underlining hedge obligation and so the obligation we changed in value so we expect its positions to change and we would not see in that exposure.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then the other question was, I was looking for an update on your NOx positions I didn't see it in the quarter?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: In the release, if you read the release we did impair our annual NOx allowances and I believe the number was approximately $68 million, I don't have up it top of my head, but that's all that was impaired.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, I missed that in sort of busy morning. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Haines of Catapult Capital Management [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just had a, first just had a quick clarification question on the Paul's question about marketing and trading, $65 million you're assuming in 2009 and $125 million in 2010, is that right?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: And that's for marketing and trading not just marketing?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct and that's gross margin.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Unidentified Analyst: And then, the second question is just on when you guys gave your open EBITDA and also your guidance assumptions, are you guys... what price deck are you using? Are you using the deck as of September 30?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And what it seems like prices have some what declined kind of going back to your point about collateral even declining in October. What sort of impact would open EBITDA and guidance have if you have to layer in the current price deck? Do you have any kind of range direction there?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think the best thing to use is that the chart on slide 23 which gave you the sensitivities that you want depending upon which review of market is in any given day. Take the dollar from megawatts hour of un-hedged and that would adjust up or down by $0.02.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So if I'm looking at PGMATC of $69 in your deck versus what we see today, we can apply those earning sensitivities and kind of get a better sense that where we might standing today.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Daniel Sights of Five's Research [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. I just was wondering if of the increasing O&M, how much of that was the un-collectables?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In 2008?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Nothing in 2008, nothing in 2009 and less than a penny in 2010. We have built in some expected under recovery of you will because of the step increased that's happening in that year. But we've been pretty aggressive in the current year and expect to be next year and staying on top of customers, in advance to that increase.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And in the $0.10 for the outage of the two plants, how much of that is to repairs and O&M and how much of that is coming from the output, all of that is the output the $0.10 exact?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All of it, it's all output.
Unidentified Analyst: All output, great.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes there is a small amount of O&M related in terms of the construction activities, but it was minor.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung of Goldman.
Raymond Leung - Goldman: Okay. Guys, couple of things, can you talk a little bit about CapEx, it looks like you cut '09 buyback by 200 million Yen, 2010 went up by something like although related market delivery what else can you do on that front, if you needed to?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're looking at around $200 million of additional cut potentially. The real question in that is how much are we cutting in the month full at that point, we're trying to cut all discretionary CapEx wherever we're finding it, given a relative share value, the cost of capital, the cost of debt financing. We're not seeing anything make economic sense at this point in time or hardly anything at all I should pay. And virtually, we'll cut what ever we. We're still focused on the business planning process. We clogged back as much as we could from '08 to '09 but I have a work to do for '10, '11 and '12.
Raymond Leung - Goldman: Okay. Two other questions, any update on pensions and any implication there? And then, finally if you could talk about, have you talked to the rating agencies with the revised guidance and sort of any comments from that standpoint? And if you could remind us if there is any impact to collateral requirements on there potential downgrades?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Let me tackle, I think there was brilliant if at all I missed one let me know. I do not see... we've have factored into the 2009 forecast what we expect from asset value moves, current discount rates, mortality changes, pay changes all the things that would factored into a cost number for the pension perspective. That's been factored into the 2009 guidance. For, both the U.S. and the UK, the decrease or the credit downgrade, a credit downgrade scenario, we're approximately $1 billion in terms of additional posting requirements if we had a two NOx downgrade. So, we're sub-investment grade. We have not... as of right now had conversations with the rating agencies but will the very near future I think, my treasurer has a call lined dup today with them to walk through the drivers of the forecast, the change in the commodity environment. And we'll let you know that we're obviously extremely still committed to our investment grade ratings.
Raymond Leung - Goldman: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Jed Arnold of King Street Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jed.
Unidentified Analyst: Could you talk a little bit about the change in CapEx for 2009 for the supply and also the change in 2010 CapEx for delivery?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. In terms of change for 2009 for supply, it reflects basically elimination of where ever we haven't made commitments around additional renewable investments we've eliminated those. We are canceling or deferring hydro opportunities. We're significantly scaling back, substantially scaling back nuclear development activities. Again, where we have been available to identify opportunities, we've made those cuts. We're still looking but that's been the biggest move. The increases that are coming on to the delivery front, more for 2010 than they are 2009 in delivery are driven by the RTF project, which we're seeing cost escalation on in other transmission investment opportunities of the utility identifying. And with, formula rate and the ability to get the medium returns on that stuff, if we expect those to be economic. The WPD is primarily driven by a change in regulatory requirements in the UK around line clearance as we are going to obligated to move certain lines of hold and get full recovery on that. But that's a multi-year projects initiated by the regulator.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. And then, just a recap a little bit of what happened on the legislative front. I heard that the governor had all the utilities in for that four or five hours which from what I heard by the first on the governors ever done that for settle on. How close do you think we came... deal gone passing this past legislative session?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Jed, this is Jim. Yes, we did individually as met with the Governor. They were to your point I think the first time that are face to face as occurred on the subject. I think it's a little bit difficult to answer how close, I wouldn't say that the deal was imminent. I think there were important points discussed. I think the Governor's interest, I certainly expressed his interest and what ultimately became House Bill 2200 that was passed, we talked about that a bit. And we talked about issues pertaining to possible rate mitigation approaches. But I think, given the very tight timeframe that we were facing with the matter of a few days that legislature had to work. I just don't think there was adequate time to go beyond the subject matter of House Bill 2200 and include a solution to rate mitigation if one was to be reached. So, my answer would be all the issues were discussed, the time period was extremely short, and I think all things said and done people realized it was not possible to deal with rate mitigation. At the same time they don't call the issues that ultimately ended up in House Bill 2200. So, I think this, if these discussions are to resume that will be after the first of year.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess, from what you said, it's fair to say that all the issues that have been raised that are going to be raised. I mean obviously, if that would change your mind. But, you take all the issues out there on the table on the other side, I understand what the issues are. So, we come back in January, its not going to be a whole new menu of the things that.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that's fair statement. I think that the issues that were discussed in the meetings were no surprised to make for that matter and not speaking for others. But I don't think that was surprise with anyone. I think we were clearly faced with a just in intangible timeline that didn't allow all of the issues that were put on the table to be dealt with in any sense for what.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Razor Hatatee [ph] of Decade Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Could you talk about the Pennsylvania delivery CapEx and recovery for all that CapEx that's materially higher than your depreciation. I am just wondering if there a rate case coming at some point in the next two to three years then the plan?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well. We have that in our formula rates approved. So, from the transmission perspective that doesn't require a rate case we would expect with the cost pressure is that we are seeing that we may be looking at a rate case a bit earlier than we have previously forecast. But obviously given lots of moving pieces right now. We will wave the timing in that appropriately.
Unidentified Analyst: Is there a rate at the delivery side, distribution side. Is there a rate increase assumed in the 2010 guidance?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not. Not in '10.
Unidentified Analyst: And then the CapEx that we see here $281 million in '08 and $293 in '09 and $580 in '10. How much of that is a transmission?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ballpark. Virtually, all of the increase in '10 is coming from transmission. There is a little bit of I think enhanced through liability projects now in the distribution front but virtually all of that is transmission.
Unidentified Analyst: And, I'm sorry if I missed this earlier. But could you give us a little flavor on your average delivered coal cost hedges for 2010, I guess 89% its hedges in east.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, just one second. I know what's going to labor our work. We're probably looking at delivered basis somewhere in the range of, for 2010 I would say somewhere in the range of $60 to $70 a ton delivered.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's going from roughly 51 to 61 from eight to nine and then there is some level of increase in '10.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: 51 in '08, 61 in '09 and 60 to 70 in '10. And then does it sort of leverlize for '11 and '12, or is there a continued increase?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There is some increase since year-over-year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just finally, your marketing and trading guidance you talked about I think $65 million in '09 and 125 in '10. I just want to make sure that apples to apples to slide 18 where '06, it was 78 to 145 in '07 and then so on it will be 125 in 2010?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. And the gross margin?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: And I guess just one last question I was looking back at your third quarter 2007 slides year ago, and your eastern power hedges in 2010 were 47% hedge up to 76% now. And my calculation that's 29% something along the lines of 14 terawatt hours or so. And we've also had two options since then as well, each one maybe being six or seven terawatt hours in Pennsylvania. What is the strategy there in terms or would have thought there will be more hedges I guess over the course of the year before 2010 starting from that 47% base and now 76. I would have thought you would be taking advantages of high power price we saw in a first half of '08 over the more. Could you talk about your strategy there?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we did on a block basis as well as we evaluate in a multi load following opportunities through out the year. Yeah we were more than 50% hedged on base flow Gen before the utility conducted the first load following deal. So, we do looking at buying back from the market and reselling. There is element of risk in Pennsylvania around the utilities given the discussions that were going on in Harrisburg. So, I think we appropriately evaluated those opportunities. We'll continue to in the future. The other limiting factor that we'll face and we make it in slower than more detail maybe at EEI. There is an absolute limit to how much we can hedge on a multi-year basis given the amount of credit facilities that we've got. Even that we've got the third or fourth largest amount in the sector. We cannot hedge 100% for the next 3 or 4 years, it's not reasonable it wouldn't be a prudent thing to do and we've seen what happened to others by being too hedged if you will. So, we'll continue to evaluate the opportunities on a load following basis as well as financial hedges and execute accordingly.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a balancing act, it's really a balancing act trying to as Bill said our philosophy is to try to assure as much certainty in the next years earnings as we possibly can into a sensible robust hedging program. But we still have to account for the fact that many of the load following deals are multi-year in nature and that has credit collateral posting implications as well. So, it is a balancing act, but we think, we review our hedging philosophy on a real sign basis based on market conditions and certainly these latest market conditions that have been last three, four months have caused us to reassess, and I think re-visit our hedging policy and come to the right approach. Secure the near-term earnings as much as we can and leave room for participation in multi long-term load following deal opportunities.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, understood. Thank you.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jed Arnold of King Street Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi. Can you hear me?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, sure.
Unidentified Analyst: I apologize if you've covered this before. But I'm just trying to get a better bridge for the 2010 open EBITDA for that you have for this quarter relative to the initial guidance. And the question I'm trying to understand is, if I look at the forward that you have as of '10, 2007 when you first gave your guidance. And the forward 2010 now, and given that we're basically going, we had forwards in license and then coming down these levels. I'm not sure I understand why we've go from the open EBITDA of 2.8 billion down to $2.2 billion?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: When we had our, maybe I'm missing the point but we had not given open EBITDA back when we gave the original forecast. But when we started forecasting expected margin which was the approach that we are taking, we are right at around 3.3 billion. And the current number is 3.27. So, that's mainly a reflection of the decreased expectations in marketing and trading that came down from around a 150 to 155 million down to 125 as we discussed previously. But that's you are seeing some higher O&M balances there and some higher fuel as well. So, you can just pay the power price change you have layer in kind of all the variables. But we've been able to basically hold the margin forecast from the prior 430 mid point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, alright. Okay, thank you.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Segal of Canaccord Adams.
Mark Segal - Canaccord Adams: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering if you could provide us an update on the status of your latest smart metering activities. And what if any your plans are going forward?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well,I think we're in very good shape and that's all of our $1.3 million customers on the electric side already have advanced meters installed. And with the latest house built 2200, we believe that the language provides the capability continues to reduce those existing meters. Now as we change out those meters and we will probably replace them with the next generation of meters. But I think we feel pretty good with where we have the see our smart meters right now.
Mark Segal - Canaccord Adams: So, replacement would be some ways often the future?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It would, since states are only, I think we installed these in about 2005.
Mark Segal - Canaccord Adams: Okay, great, thank you so much.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo of Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Good morning. Could you tell us about your load growth or sales growth assumptions are at the domestic delivery business in 2009 and 2010?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 9 and 10 are relatively flat. There's a couple of drivers that are I think are little unique for just tracking the macro economy. But macro economy has factored in the price increase from 2009 and 2010, and the expected change in customer behavior because of that. As well as the utility obligation that comes from House Bill 2200 to shave deep demand. All those factors combined have us with utility load forecast that are relatively flat for 9, 10, 11. And then we do, we would expect some returns to call it normal see where we see, percent to percent half low drill following that time period as customers get since the time to the higher cost.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Alright. Thank you very much.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon of Citigroup.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks, I have a follow question. When you talk about the other marketing and trading function, a 125 million of expected or targeted gross margins in 2010. You just currently show how that's roughly? And how much of that is really in the sort of trying to capture both serving people versus traditional trading? Because when I look at your guide, I know, I see that you're telling us to assume you hedged the wholesale prices really, one would presume that some portion of your business will ultimately be both serving. So, is part of that $125 million really load serving premiums that you expect to win for auction or is it majority of that sort of additional trading?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that's basically, virtually all of that activity in the way that we encourage to, that the way we are--
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Performer not the later both serving in the not trading?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. That trading has always been a dominions part of the activity. They're very interrelated which is why we group them together but that's always been the focus for the past several years as on those marketing load following type opportunities. As we reported the sound over the past few years, it's been load serving beyond our current utility affiliate contract. Because that's been a multi-year contract in place for several years. So, in the past couple of years it was focused on marketing beyond the generation resource as we transitioned out of that contract, the loads following in terms of absolute amount, it doesn't have to change that significantly from the recent years to still capture that $125 million. So, we're hopeful that we can do better than that but again in the current environment we've been trying to plan appropriately for that environment.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. So just to be clear it seems to me that the risk profile around that trading business evolves to one more where you're getting appropriate load serving premiums above and beyond the wholesale prices at which you have hedged. Rather than chasing load serving premiums outside of your core contracts which is the way things might go due to the transition. But that's fair translation.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that's right. The core aspect of our marketing and trading is clearly on the assets themselves. Our core assets or based low generation. And we have, as Paul mentioned, participated in serving loan in our regions but over and above our parking and trade... parking for our existing generation assets. And, I think we'll continue to do that. But again, it's a fairly small amount of relative to size of our base load fleet but it allows us to really understand the markets and it helps really position us for our own fleet when we participate in these markets regionally. So, I think that you're correct in that the marketing is the dominating value driver here, and clearly the trading is the compliment to it. But it's been a relatively small portion, as you can see from my slide 18.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Kiani of Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-up.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: You had in the past briefly discussed the potential to start blending and switching to some Illinois base in type calls. Can you give us an update in where that stands and how you see that progress going forward?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. We did do one successful test earlier in the year. We're in the process of doing a second test. We do think it has an opportunity there, and when it continues to pursue that. As I mention I think in the second quarter call, we need to make some modifications to our plans to accommodate both PRB as well as the '09 base in call, we do have this plan for next year and I believe those are less than $20 million in cap more improvements. So its not a large CapEx spend when if we would think to provide the flexibility is probably money will spend.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: So from a timing perspective when would you expect to be blending and burning more alloy base in PRB coal, and can you give us just a ballpark percentage on your PJM fleet and what that would roughly translate into from a percentage of full portions of your coal supply needs?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. We could begin as early in next year and from a percentage perspective the upper end is 20 but for planning purposes, I think we're planning for more like 10%.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: And then your 2010 revised 2010 earnings guidance are you assuming any incremental PRB and alloy base in coal burn at that this point?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are not at this point
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: So any PRB in alloy coal basin burn if you get up to 10% or 15% or whatever it might be is upside based on the current forward pricing environment relative to your revised 2010 guidance, is that correct?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Razor Hatatee [ph] of Decade Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you a just of couple of quick follow ups. The coal... average coal cost delivered for 2008 through '10 that you gave earlier, I guess as a basis for a relative basis, what was 2007 leverage delivered cost?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't have that one handy Razz, if you want to do a follow up with Tim or Joe they can get that for you
Unidentified Analyst: Sure. And, then just lastly could you remind us in the 2010 earnings guidance is there a WPD rate increase assumed in that?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: With the full breadth of expected changes inclusive of Vermal inflation and everything else that we know of right now is in there, yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Gentlemen, do you have any closing remarks.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think, thank you for attending the call and I appreciate it. Thank you, thank you operator.
Operator: You're welcome. Thank you for participating in PPL Corporation's Third Quarter Conference Call. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the cal lover to Mr. Paukovits director of investor relations.
Timothy J. Paukovits: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call and second quarter results and our general business outlook. We are providing slides of this presentation on our website at www pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
James H. Miller: Good morning. Thanks, Tim.  Good morning to everyone. Today we will follow our customary format and first we will provide you with a general business update and commentary on the second quarter 2008 results we announced this morning. Following that, we will take your questions. Joining me on the call today are Paul Farr our Chief Financial Officer and Bill Spence our Chief Financial Officer. Today we are reporting second quarter GAAP earnings of $0.50 per share compared with $0.88 per share in the same period a year ago when we recorded a significant gain on the sale of one of our electric delivery businesses in Latin America. For the first six months of 2008, on a reported basis, we earned is $1.19 compared with $1.41 per share a year ago. Other major factors contributing to the second quarter and year-to-date declines in reported earnings include; the loss of operating earnings from our Latin American delivery companies that were sold last year, a 2007 US tax benefit that did not recur in 2008, rising fuel costs and the loss of Synfuel related earnings. Turning to earnings from ongoing operations; second quarter earnings declined from a year ago, coming in at $0.50 per share this year, compared to $0.63 per share a year ago. For the first half of the year our earnings from ongoing operations were $1.11 per share versus $1.28 per share a year ago. These results for the first half were on plan for us to this point in the year, and were previously indicated that we expected earnings pressure in the first half of the year due to the loss of several 2007 earnings contributors. While we continue to expect stronger balance of the year margins in our supply business segment compared to the first six months, these stronger margins will not be enough to overcome the continued unprecedented rise in coal commodity and transportation prices, and lower results than planned from our marketing and trading activities. These drivers are causing us to reduce our forecast of 2008 earnings from ongoing operations to $2.25 to $2.35 per share, a $0.10 decrease from our previous forecast. Paul will provide more details on our second quarter financial performance and expectations for the full year. Before we hear from him, I would like to talk briefly about our forecast beyond this year. As we indicated in our news release this morning, we anticipate that rising fuel and other commodity costs dramatically reduced prices for SO2 allowances and the completion of our scrubber construction program will create challenges for us in 2009. We anticipate that our intensive efforts to mitigate these cost pressures will not be enough to avoid a decline in 2009 earnings compared with what we expect to achieve in 2008. We will have more details when we formally initiate our 2009 guidance later this year. Beyond 2009, however, we continue to see upside in our earnings potential. Based on the hedging we already have completed and the prices that we are seeing in the marketplace, we see upside to the earnings outlook for 2010 that we established last year and will update you on that look at the end of the third quarter. We anticipate that for 2010 and beyond, our strong generating assets, and marketing, and trading operations will allow us to continue to increase value for the shareowner even in the face of higher fuel and other commodity costs. I would like to provide a brief update on our asset growth initiatives; on the nuclear front, in October, we expect to file a construction and operating license application for a new nuclear unit in northeast Pennsylvania. We also are moving forward with an application for DOE loan guarantees, a critical requirement for us to move forward with construction. And we are continuing negotiations with potential partners in the new unit. In addition, to the possibility of building a new unit near Susquehanna, we are continuing to explore opportunities to invest in new nuclear facilities at other sites. We are continuing to explore other generation opportunities as well, including more aggressive additions to our growing renewable energy portfolio. However, renewable energy and conservation alone will not be sufficient to meet the energy needs for the future. The nation needs new, large scale electricity generation. And we can't wait for a decade. Provided the Federal Government provides the necessary incentives for new nuclear units or other acceptable financing alternatives emerge, I'm confident that PPL will be among the companies' building new generation sources that the country needs, benefiting consumers and providing value for our shareowners. As part of finalizing Pennsylvania's 2008 and 2009 budget Legislators and Governor Randall reached a compromise on an energy fund, which will provide money for clean energy projects, such as energy efficient buildings and a large solar energy program for homeowners and businesses. There was no agreement, however, on several other energy related issues; those include demand side management and conservation, rules governing electric distribution company's acquisition of provider of last resort electricity, and mitigation of rate increases as generation caps expire beginning in 2010 for PPL electric. All of the remaining energy issues could be considered in a legislative session that begins in mid September. There appears to be general agreement regarding conservation, DSM programs and provider of last resort procurement issues. Methods for mitigating the impact of rate cap expirations, however, continue to be a matter of debate. Unfortunately the state PUC has continued to postpone action on PPL Electric Utilities rate phase-in proposal. In our view this proposal was a critical tool for customers who need help in mitigating the price increases coming in 2010. We will continue to work with all parties involved to facilitate the transition, to a competitive marketplace in Pennsylvania. I remain hopeful that the special legislative session will result in reasonable governmental action that encourages wise energy use, smooth rate impacts on customers, establish clearer procurement guidelines and ensure reliability electric delivery service in Pennsylvania. In the meantime PPL Electric Utilities is continuing to purchase default energy supply that its customers will need for 2010. Company has purchased one-half of that supply and has another RFP scheduled for this fall. While there is significant uncertainty, volatility and cost pressure in the US energy business these days, PPL is well positioned for long-term success. We believe our approach to increasing our generating capacity, layering on hedges for our portfolio and building on an already beneficial carbon footprint will allow us to take full advantage of opportunities as they emerge. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Paul for the financial overview and I look forward to your questions. Paul?
Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. Second quarter earnings from ongoing operations are lower than last year, due to the loss of Synfuel benefits, higher depreciation in the supply segment and lower international earnings. International segment earnings were lower due to a US economic tax benefit recorded in 2007 and the sale of our Latin American portfolio last year. I would like to remind everyone that earnings from ongoing operations include operating results of the Latin American natural gas delivery businesses, but excludes special items related to their divestiture. Turning to Slide 8, I will discuss the supply segment in more detail. The supply segment earned $0.26 per share in the second quarter of 2008 a $0.04 cent decrease compared to a year ago. Higher east and west energy margins were more than offset by higher depreciation in the loss of Synfuel benefits. Higher energy margins in the east were primarily the net results of improved margins from marketing and trading activities, higher average fuel prices and lower base-load generation. Higher energy margins in the west were primarily the net result of higher wholesale prices and lower hydrogen ration. These favorable earnings results were more than off set by higher depreciation expense of $0.02 per share due to completion of the Montour scrubbers and the operator Susquehanna handling Unit 1 that went into service during the second quarter of ' 08. This first phase of the operate added 50 mega watts with the remaining 109 mega watts to be added in early 2009 and early 2010. Also offsetting the margin gains was a $0.02 loss in synfuel benefits which include the loss of earning from synfuel production as well as the cost of replacing synfuel consumed our Eastern power plants in '07. Turning to slide 9, our Pennsylvania delivery segment earned $0.08 per share in the second quarter of 2008, a $0.01 increase over a year ago. This increase was driven by higher electric delivery revenues as a result of PPL electric base rate increase that was effective January 1, 2008 as well as customer load growth. OEM cost are up modestly due to general inflationary increases. Moving to slide 10, our international delivery segment earned $0.16 per share in the second quarter of 2008, a $0.10 decrease compared to a year ago. The decrease was the result of an $0.08 US income tax benefit recorded in '07 that I already mentioned and the loss of earnings from our Latin American portfolio partially offset by higher UK delivery revenues reflecting the benefit of the annual inflation adjustment factor and higher sales volume and lower pension expense. As Jim mentioned we are revising our 2008 ongoing earnings forecast from 2.35 to 2.45 to 2.25 to 2.35 per share. This weak forecast is driven by the continued increase in delivered coal prices we are experiencing including transportation costs and coal contract adjustment clauses as well as reduced expectations for our marketing and trading operation for the balance of the year. Bill will speak more about these drivers in his remarks. The earnings block in this slide reflects our current expectations for 2008 over what we achieved in 2007. We now expect supply segment energy margins to be flat compared to 2007. Increased margins from higher margin, wholesale energy contracts and higher base-load generation are expected to be off set by higher coal commodity and transportation costs and lower results from our marketing and trading activities. Our 2008 ongoing earnings are expected to benefit from higher delivery margins of $0.06 per share as a result of PPL's new electric distribution rate that became effective January 1 as well as customer load growth and lower OEM of $0.02 per share driven by lower pension expense in WPD but partially offset by higher expenses in the supply in Pennsylvania delivery segment. These positive earnings drivers will be more than offset by the $0.18 per loss of synfuel contribution combining the loss of the earnings from synfuel production with the increased costs for fuel for replacing synfuel consumed at our Eastern plants. A decrease of $0.08 per share as a result of the sale of our Latin American portfolio, $0.08 per share in tax benefits recorded in '07 and higher depreciation expense primarily in the supply business segment due to scrubbers coming online in '08 and next year Susquehanna handled Unit 1 operate project. As a net result of all of these items, we now expect 50% of our 2008 earnings from ongoing operations to come from the supply segment, 30% from international delivery and 20% from Pennsylvania delivery. While we expect to initiate formal 2009 earnings guidance later this fall, I would like to comment on a few of the drivers we expect to affect that forecast. We expect that 2009 earnings will be negatively impacted by the continued rise in delivered coal and higher operating expenses as a result of the commercial operation of the Brunner Island scrubbers coupled with the impact of the lower SO2 allowance prices. Our business case are building the scrubbers assumed that the additional operating expenses of the scrubbers could have been offset in whole or in part by gains from the potential sale of SO2 allowances, at prices higher than we are seeing in the marketplace now. In fact our original plan for 2009 was to achieve the 240 per share midpoint of our original 2008 forecast leaving '09 flat over 2008. The combined effect of increases in delivered coal cost and reduced expectation for SO2 allowance gains for 2009 is approximately $210 million pretax with $100 million related to coal and $110 million related to SO2 gains. We now believe the pressure of these factors on earnings coupled with 2009 being the final year of PPL energy productions commitment to supply all of PPL's electric load requirements under the polar contract at below market prices will result in 2009 earnings being lower than our revised 2008 earnings forecast. Again we expect to provide formal guidance for 2009 earnings on our third quarter earnings call. At the same time as we see near term pressures, we are more optimistic about our 2010 earnings outlook than we were a year ago when we established the current 2010 earnings forecast range of $4.00 to $4.60 per share based on our significantly hedged portfolio and the prices we currently see in the marketplace. We anticipate that for 2010 and beyond, our generation portfolio and marketing expertise will provide growth and EPS and share owner value even in the face of higher fuel and operating expenses. We expect to update the 2010 forecast later this year as well as provide you with a mark on our open and hedged EBITDA for the following few years beyond 2010. Turning to slide 12, our free cash flow before dividend forecast has been updated to reflect the impact lower margins and emission allowance gains in '08 and '09. Our business plan continues to incorporate planned common stock buybacks, which we continue to view as a place holder for other growth opportunities that can add greater share owner value. The current annualized dividend rate of a $1.34 per share brings PPL's payout ratio to 58% based on the $2.30 pre share mid point of our revised 2008 earnings forecast. Despite the short-term challenges that we see for 2009, we still expect to grow our dividend next year and we plan to address any potential change in the dividend on our normal schedule early next year. With that I would like to turn the call over to Bill for an update on key issues affecting the businesses.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Paul and good morning, everyone. As I am sure aware, last month the D.C. Circuit Court vacated the Clean Air Interstate Rule or care program. This ruling eliminated the scheduled reductions in SO2 for 2010 and 2015 and vacated the annual NOx program. The seasonal NOx program was unaffected. We are still evaluating the financial and operational impacts of this decision, but we anticipate all of our annual NOx allowance purchases will be impaired as a result of the care decision. Both units at Montour are in service and operating well and construction remains on budget and on schedule for the units at Brunner Island. We will have our evaluate to way we operate the scrubbers and way the variable cost of our operation versus the market price of allowances. We believe the care rolling has some implications for the Pennsylvanian mercury requirements and we are assessing our options in that regard. If that rule is maintained, the scrubbers and SCRs will be vital in helping us to meet the 2010 Pennsylvania mercury reductions. Moving to slide 16, I would like to provide some comments on the energy markets and the recent volatility we have seen in prices. As you are probably aware natural gas and electricity has moved downward, while global demand for coal continues to provide upward pressure on US coal prices particularly in the east. Gas and power prices have fallen more than 20% since early July, NYMEX prices for Eastern coal on the other hand have moved from $55 a ton at the end of ' 07 to about $80 a ton at the end of the first quarter and then peaking at $140 a ton on June 30th. In recent week, synfuel and coal prices have retreated somewhat, but are still well above our original business plan assumptions. And the emission allowance markets are still absorbing the negative implications of the recent DC circuit court ruling regarding the care decision. Clearly there was an immediate impact also to off peak power prices in addition to the emission markets themselves. Along with the recent price volatility, we are also seeing a large decrease in power market liquidity with forward bid and ask offers actually disappearing in some cases. Specifically, many banks and hedge funds have pulled back from the market. Accordingly we are lowering our margin expectations for PPLs marketing and trading operation at least in the short-term. All these factors are pressuring our earnings in the near term as you heard from Jim and Paul, while we remain under generation rate caps. Turning to slide 17, our hedge positions for electricity and fuel have been updated to reflect our position as of June 30th. We continue to receive our coal supply schedule without interruption and we have not experienced any supply defaults. We have added detail to provide you with our estimated open Eastern coal positions for wholly owned plants and I will be providing more detail on our 2008 coal position in a moment. As I mentioned on the first quarter call, we are evaluating options to help mitigate coal price increases and utilize the flexibility afforded by our scrubbers at Montour. We completed our first test burn test burn of Illinois basin coal at the Montour plant. That test went very well and we plan additional testing later this month. We are also continuing with the engineering work needed to utilize PRB coal in the east. We hope to have some of this capability in place by 2009. I'd like to give you some more specifics now regarding our 2008 coal position. Since we currently expect our West coal expense to be close to plan, I'm going to focus my comments today on the coal issues in the East. Of the total East projected coal use of 9.3 million tons, 1.4 million tons relate to our share of the Keystone and Conemaugh power plants and 7.9 million tons are for our wholly-owned Montour and Brunner Island power stations. First a few comments about 2008 contract terms that impacted delivered costs of coal for our two wholly-owned plants. The majority of these coal supply contracts specify a fixed base price. Some however have provisions for passing on increases in mine-related diesel fuel expenses and a smaller number include a collar on prices. Virtually all of our contracts have provisions for regulatory and legislative taxes like those related to mine safety and all of the tons are of course impacted by a fuel surcharge component on our rail transportation contracts. So while we came into the year highly hedged at 94%, the dramatic rise in oil and coal prices still has had a material impact on our delivered coal costs. And the last few small contracts we have signed to cover our remaining 2008 needs have of course been at much higher price levels. We are currently projecting a $40 million increase in fuel expense as compared to our original 2008 plan that formed the basis of our prior earnings guidance. $26million of this is related to base price increases. $13 million of that is from increases at our wholly-owned plants and an estimated $13 million is expected from our share of Keystone and Conemaugh. And finally a total of $14 million is projected increases from the various surcharges net of oil hedges that we put in place to mitigate some of that exposure. With regard to our longer-term coal position, we have all of our coal supply for coal strip units 1, 2 and 4 in Montana under contract through 2019. This amounts to approximately 3 million tons of coal. In the East we have a contract with CONSOL for an additional 3 million tons of high-sulfur coal that runs through 2018. These long-term coal hedges in the West and in the East equate to about 6 million tons hedged through 2018. Therefore, about 50% of our coal requirements are hedged through 2018 at prices that are obviously very favorable compared to those currently. Moving onto slide 19, continuing with our practice of updating our 2010 Open EBITDA position with prices at the end of the quarter. Slide 18 has been updated to reflect forward prices at the end of June which are available on page A-1 of today's presentation. Based on all prices at that time the unhedged or implied gross margin for the supply segment in 2010 would be about $4.3 billion, with associated O&M of approximately $814 million. This brings the value of our Open EBITDA to $3.5 billion, an increase of $600 million from our March 31, 2008 update. You will also notice that the change in mark-to-market of our hedges since the first quarter reflects the higher forward electricity prices at the end of June. However, with the large move down in electric prices over the past few weeks, the numbers on this slide would probably be more in line with the numbers we presented to you on the first quarter call. Again, as mentioned, our long-term view for the power markets is strong and we remain optimistic about PPL's long-term earnings growth potential. Now I would like to turn the call back over to Jim Miller for the Q&A.
Paul A. Farr: Okay thanks, Bill. Operator, let's open the meeting up for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ashar Khan.
Ashar Khan: I wanted to get a sense as to… you had mentioned going forward, could you give us some sensitivity as to… at what prices the coal contracts were bought at this quarter, so we could get some sense… I'm assuming you are buying it at a discount to spot prices, would that be fair?
James H. Miller: Yes, that's a fair comment. Go ahead.
William H. Spence: Ashar, I think it is a very safe assumption that yes, absolutely we are buying them at a discount to spot clearly, but I don't think we are in the position to really talk about the exact prices that we are buying them at.
Ashar Khan: Okay. And Jim, looking forward, do you think we will get commission to act on this proposal for the phase in or what is your optimism level because the timeframe is shrinking as every day goes by and I guess… if it doesn't get… from my view, if it doesn't get acted in the next month or so, the impact of having a phase in with 2010 so close becomes very minimal. Wanted to get your thoughts.
James H. Miller: I think… that is sure the way I look at it, you are exactly right that as time ticks away, you do lose benefit from the proposal that we have placed in the hands of the PUC which of course was on opt-in program. Customers could choose to pay ahead a bit and then those funds held and paid interest on for the customer would be used to offset their particular rate increase. But remember, I think that there are other rate mitigation proposals as well being proposed in legislation that has been drafted. So I would say that there ultimately… the PUC, I think ultimately will act on our proposal. It will be somewhat dampened by the timeframe that is lost when they do act on it. But I should point out there were also, I suspect the other mitigation proposals that have been designed by other legislators. So I think the customer ultimately will end up with a choice of several mitigation proposals in the form of opt-in programs.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
James H. Miller: Good morning, Paul.
Paul A. Farr: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: How are you? Just… I wanted to briefly go over the 2009, the SO2 and Brunner impact. I don't know if I got that completely. There was $110 million because of less SO2 gains. Could you review that briefly again, I am sorry?
James H. Miller: The impact of coal in terms of the total $210 million that I mentioned, coal was $100 million in terms of higher expectation of costs than we had at this time last year and we had planned SO2 transactions that would generate around $110 million in gains from the sale of length given that we would have the forward position, given that we had the scrubbers on line. By order of magnitude in '08 over '09 with all of the scrubbers on for the last…coming on at least a portion of the year is slightly in excess of a $100 million year-over-year.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
James H. Miller: Over the '08 combination of depreciation, interest expense, O&M, limestone, oxload [ph] all of that.
Paul Patterson: I got you. Now I guess what, I'm wondering when we look at these hedged numbers for coal, obviously there is some variability because of the things that you mentioned at and Conemaugh and Keystone and et cetera. How should we think about the variability of price or is there any rule of thumb associated with diesel or any of these things that we can think about because it seems there is some flexibility in the pricing there?
William H. Spence: Yeah, Paul, this is Bill Spence. I think we try to give you a sense for that by calling out those percentages of the load or the coal tonnage that are subject to those price movements. So the 23% that I noted is really what is going to be fluctuating based on oil prices as well as the collars that exist in the contracts. I think overall I'm really very pleased and I think we have done an excellent job of managing our procurement and deliveries and minimizing our exposure. As I mentioned we came into the year at 94% hedged and the increase that we are talking about here, two-thirds of it is related to Keystone, Conemaugh and transportation and the other third reflects some of the increases we are seeing in spot prices and some of the unhedged portions. So I think we can certainly think about maybe providing some sensitivities down the road as to how these would potentially move under different price expectations. I don't have that in front of me. But I do think that as we look at our long-term contracting, what we have in place, I think not only are we well below the mark, but I think for 2008 and 2009, we are still going to be at a very competitive level I think if I look at 2008, we are probably going to come in at less than $45 a ton at the mine and probably next year in the low $50 per ton at the mine. So these other surcharges are the thing that really tend to drive our price points up and have the variance that under these polar generation rate caps, we don't have a lot of flexibility to deal with that right now.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Just the trading and marketing, could you give us a little bit more of a flavor as to what you actually expect as a total contribution for 2008?
William H. Spence: Sure. Typically, we have a fairly low expectation I guess around marketing and trading as it relates to our total gross margin in the 5% to 8% of our total gross margin would come from asset optimization of marketing and trading. The actual decline we are expecting here is really about $15 million after tax. It is not a very large number. We have a fairly conservative shop and what we are really seeing is really an exit from the market from a lot of the players that created the… particularly in the forward markets, so a lot of the liquidity, the hedge funds and banks have really pulled back with this big downward move in the volatility as well as the financial crisis and their access to credit for margin calls at trading. They are just not in the market and with what we see, the summer is the time that we would expect to have the best opportunities for that… for the shop and with the lack of players out there to trade with, it is really hard for me to sit here and expect we are going to get that 5% to 8% of our gross margins. But again a fairly small amount in the grand scheme of our supply gross margin, but we thought, we are going to call it as we see it and let you know what we are thinking right now.
Paul Patterson: Okay and you expect that to rebound in 2009?
William H. Spence: I do. I think and the possibility quite frankly existed later in the year, things could change and we could have… we could be back on plan, but again I think the prudent thing to do in our view is just call it like we see it and let you know what the drivers are.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
James H. Miller: In the front end of the market, Paul, you saw Allegheny's approval in terms of their procurement plan. I think you will see the other large utilities in the state that come out and the 11coming out as well and where maybe the financial players created some debt, we will see some physical load there and be able to take advantage of those opportunities as well.
Paul Patterson: Okay and then just finally, coal strip, I heard there was an outage there I believe in… have you heard anything about that?
William H. Spence: Well, of course, we have but I can't… I don't want to comment on current outages, but I can say that… there is nothing of an unusual nature about any of the outages we are seeing right now. So yes, there have been some recent issues, but we are talking about a couple days worth of outage, not anything significant.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great and just finally, the upside to 2010, can you give us a little bit more flavor as to what… anymore of a flavor as to what you see in 2010?
James H. Miller: Yeah really, it is a combination of again the coal hedging that we were able to get in place and improve the position there and then as prices rose fairly steadily at the front end of the year, especially during Q2, we were able to layer in some of the collar strategy that we have been using options to lock in floors, if not above floor levels and at prices better than we had expected in that original plan. So again the net of the… the open position on both power and fuels and as well the hedge position that we are were able to layer in. They were at better prices than we had in the original plan.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great and thanks a lot.
James H. Miller: Yup.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon.
Paul Ridzon: Wondering when you get out to '10, what kind of exposure do you have to, what we are seeing here with fuel and transportation and price re-openers on the coal?
James H. Miller: Sure, Paul. I think when we get out there, we are balancing ourselves and making sure that as we lock in the electricity sales, we are also locking in the fuel. So we obviously are off of the polar fixed-price contract regime that we have been under and I think if you look at our electricity sales that we have locked in out there, in the coal that we have locked in, we are feeling pretty good about, where we are for 2010 and quite frankly, we have locked in a lot of the dark spread into some of these higher coal… power prices that we've see and of course as I mentioned we had already locked up a major long-term coal contract with CONSOL. So again, I think we are pretty… feeling pretty comfortable right now with 2010 and what we are seeing.
Paul Ridzon: But do those contracts have escalators that can be reopened?
James H. Miller: Some do, but again most of them, if they have any kind of opener from a price perspective, they tend to have a collar with a floor and ceiling in them. So not a lot of them have like what I would consider just total price re-openers in them.
William H. Spence: But most of the ones that have collars, if we took those out to the max each year on the collars, even the longest tenured contract that Bill mentioned that we have got would still be at a price substantially below current market forwards for the near-term years. So, they are extremely…?
Paul Ridzon: And just I know it is totally beyond your control and…but how do you see CAIR evolving from here. I guess the EPA said it might have appealed by the end of July that didn't happen. What is your read on what is happening?
James H. Miller: Well it is… we were a bit I think… our speculation was that and still is I believe that there won't be a successful appeal process. That being said, no one knows for certain, but my sense of it with what I see going on politically in EPA and the election et cetera… we don't feel1931, this as necessarily a long-term situation because I think there is going to be tremendous pressure from the states over the environmental side of this, impacts of this ruling, but near term… I think it is fair to say there is no near-term quick fix for this issue. I think from our perspective, from a shareholder perspective, there is absolutely no reason to obviously rush out there and destroy value, potential shareholder value by attempting to move allowances at much lower prices. So I think we see this issue being reversed over the long haul, but at the same time, we feel that our allowances obviously will increase in value over time.
Paul Ridzon: Do you think there is an awareness that the existing… whatever happens has to preserve the credibility of the existing allowances?
James H. Miller: I think in the end… no matter what program comes forth, facilities across the US are going to be required to utilize allowances to run. Not everyone is scrub, not everyone has reached their reduction levels. So I don't… in my own mind, I think it is more of an issue of how the law is fashioned to deal with states impacting other states. Quite frankly, our view was that and this is sort of irrelevant in the sense that it occurred, it occurred, the court ruled what it ruled, but the court could have solved the problem that was raised by North Carolina without eliminating the entire program, but that being said, we are where we are, but I think ultimately the allowances will be usable and I think they will increase in value over time once the program is redefined.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Haines [ph].
Steve Fleishman: It is Steve Fleishman, can you hear me?
James H. Miller: Yes.
William H. Spence: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, guys, a couple of questions. First on the share buyback that you have mentioned still in your long-term plan, is that something you still think you could do in '09 or is that more likely '10?
James H. Miller: I think we are assessing the timing right now, but given the order of magnitude of the impacts it would be reasonable to assume that that would be deferred to some extent.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Secondly, I know Bill gave the numbers on gross margin for trading but just… I don't know if he gave like percent of gross margin, but just from a rough… maybe millions of dollars, what in '08 is your rough range for marketing and trading within your guidance?
James H. Miller: Pretax would be would be $100 million to $150 million in that range.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. One other logistical question, just in your Open EBITDA do you… I know you use market prices for power. What do you use on your coal? Do you open up all your coal contracts in the Open EBITDA?
James H. Miller: No, in the… because of the minemouth's [ph] contract at coal strip, that's reflected in the open, but the benefit of the… and then we marked the rest of, basically the Eastern coal to market and then the hedges go down in the hedge line for the coal.
Steve Fleishman: Okay and are the Eastern hedges done at like NYMEX prices or they done where you kind of know where you can think you can get it to your plant?
James H. Miller: Well the… if you are talking about the hedges, it is the actual contracts that we have got in place with the transportation agreements that we have got in place.
Steve Fleishman: I'm sorry, I meant the open position, the open… when you open up the coal…?
James H. Miller: It is your question, how do we mark that?
Steve Fleishman: Yes.
James H. Miller: Compared to market?
Steve Fleishman: Right.
James H. Miller: I think we look at the forward prices as best we can tell for… in both NYMEX as well as in the, over-the-counter market and then we try to apply some reasonable judgment to it. So it is probably a blend of both.
Steve Fleishman: The basis plus delivery?
James H. Miller: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. One last quick question on the scrubbers, when you make a decision on whether to operate these or not can this rolling…are there contracts and other limitations related to operating that, where you have to operate them? For example, some of the… I don't know if you were making gypsum out of it or something like that, but do you have commitments that need to be met or can you just not operate them?
James H. Miller: Those scrubbers for instance at Montour, they are placed in service. Bill, you can expand on this. Once you place them in service, you are then under your new regulations and they must run. So as to Bill's point, we are evaluating steps to be taken regarding the Brunner Island units. Bill?
William H. Spence: Yes and yes, there are some requirements that we have to produce the gypsum for the US gypsum plant and I think what I was referring to was more operating them at less than full load, but still within our permit requirements because once we turn them on, we are under new permit requirements and I think in the long term, clearly we are still going to need scrubbers. Whatever comes out of the next son of [ph] CAIR or whatever it is going to be called, which I think it is going to be a legislative derived fix, if you will, but I think it is going to be equal to or probably more stringent than what we had under the care rule and I think the decision to put the scrubbers in is still the right one for the long term and still the right thing to do for the environment and just in the interim here as Jim mentioned in the short term, we need to just look at, are there modes of operation that we can use that would still meet all of our contract requirements and permit requirements and just see what flexibility that exist and we are evaluating that right now.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you.
James H. Miller: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leslie Rich.
Leslie Rich: All my questions have been asked and very thoroughly answered. So thank you.
James H. Miller: Great.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathon Arnold.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning. One of my questions that hasn't been answered was really on strategy with the trading business. You sort of begun to emphasize it as more of a story going forward, you have obviously had a change of leadership there. Can you talk a little bit about what kind of things you are doing, how you see that business evolving over the next two or three years.
James H. Miller: Well Jonathan, I think regarding change of leadership, I don't think that has in anyway changed our view of how we choose to set our expectations of our trading floor. As we have said, we continue to I think implement the policy of being principally an asset-backed company. We don't choose to get heavily involved in large percentages beyond our base-load assets. Yet we try to focus on optimizing around the deals we put in place to sell our power. We do trade beyond… a bit beyond our assets, but… and I think a very nominal and conservative approach. And I don't see us changing that. Our view is… our strategy going forward is to continue to find good shareholder value by adding generation to our portfolio, but remaining relatively in the same realm of trading beyond our assets a slight amount. We just don't choose to move to that higher risk posture of high levels of trading beyond our assets.
Jonathan Arnold: On another subject… back to the open EBITDA disclosure, you talked about it being more consistent with the Q1 disclosures of these late July prices, but then you have also said in your release that you feel that you have upside versus that original range you put out on earnings. Is that statement put based of the June pricing and the presentation or more where prices are currently.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, now that was where prices are currently, given hedges that were done in the front half of the year and where we see current forward prices, for both fuels and the open positions on power.
Jonathan Arnold: And when you talk about these hedges, these clearly have value in 2010. To what extent was that hedging activity out into the 11, 12 period, beyond just the one year?
William H. Spence: We did execute hedges as we have been for 11, 12 and even some maybe a little bit further, but that's… 11 is… I think it is safest to say significantly less hedged than 10 is and 12 less than 11, but we have taken advantage of the opportunity as the market had liquidity and as the liquidity will come back we will do the same thing and as prices evolve and give us good price points, trying to lock in additional contracts.
Jonathan Arnold: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Seitz.
Danielle Seitz: You mentioned a certain increase in transportation costs for '08, is the order of magnitude for '09, I assume relatively the same?
Paul A. Farr: I think Danielle, the best way to look at that was the number of around… well that was versus plan number I guess.
James H. Miller: Well I think the order of magnitude is actually higher… not only in terms of absolute dollars as Paul mentioned, $100 million of increase compared to our original business plan, but I think the expectation right now with oil prices where they are that affects both the mine related surcharges as well as the transportation related surcharges net of our hedges is still a fairly sizeable increase year-over-year.
Paul A. Farr: The number that I gave Danielle of around $100 million…
Danielle Seitz: Right.
Paul A. Farr: In terms of an increase is approximately the right number to focus on and that would be inclusive of open and higher hedged priced commodity as well as transportation including some estimate of the oil adjustments that affect the mine operations themselves.
James H. Miller: We had, Danielle, some increase imbedded into our 2009 plan, but not at the levels that we are talking about now.
Danielle Seitz: Okay and I guess it is too early to talk about breakdown in 2009, do you see some major changing in the distribution of earnings in '09 or it is pretty much in line with '08?
Paul A. Farr: I guess I would see some level of change from the revise… we talked about 2009 coming likely coming in below the '08… the '08 was going to be 50 supply, 30 international, 20 delivery. Clearly the cost pressures that caused us to think that '09 will come in below '08 would all reside in the supply segment, so that mix would be slightly less or less supply and then the result would be higher international and domestic delivery.
Danielle Seitz: Great. Thanks a lot.
Paul A. Farr: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Thomas.
Scott Thomas: Good morning, guys.
James H. Miller: Good morning.
Scott Thomas: Both of my questions have been answered. But I did want to zero in on something that I think Bill Spence went through on slide 18, the impact of base pricing… the plan. Was that… was that just marketing unhedged or position at the beginning of the year for the market for the rest of the year or was that re-openers or either indexes for the hedged portion… can you give some color on that?
James H. Miller: For which year. I'm sorry, I didn't catch that.
Scott Thomas: Sorry, just in terms of the slide's talking about, '08 versus the plan I think.
James H. Miller: Yeah that is… it is a combination really of the surcharges, the Keystone and Conemaugh and some of it is fixed prices higher than we what we had in the plan and increase is really driven just by the unhedged piece we had coming into this year that we have now hedged a 100%... up to the 100% level now at much higher prices than in the plan. So there is a component of that fixed price which really related to at the time when we planned to buy in the open spot market. So it is now our best guess as to what all these fixed price plus the adders will come in between now and the end of the year.
Scott Thomas: Okay, just related to Danielle's question on the fuel surcharges.
James H. Miller: Yes.
Scott Thomas: That's how real time that works, is it a maximum percentage increase per year based on where diesel is? Is it by quarter? How does that flow through?
James H. Miller: Some of them are based on indices that come out after the fact, so there would be a lag period, but we try to estimate where we think the indices are going to come in based on the forward prices. So that's the one case and the other case of some of the contracts that have collars in them, we are assuming that are we are going to be at the maximum price… that ceiling price that the suppliers would receive because we are so far up above where we would have expected in the industry and so I think we will be at the max level of the collars.
Scott Thomas: Okay. So I understand that $100 million pre-tax number that I think Paul referenced was your estimate of the increase next year that would wrap up those max dollar transportation cost and the mark-to-market of the rest of the unhedged coal prices at Thursday?
James H. Miller: That's correct.
Paul A. Farr: Yes.
Scott Thomas: Okay. Thanks, guys.
James H. Miller: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yiktat Fung. [ph]
Yiktat Fung: Good morning.
James H. Miller: Good morning.
Yiktat Fung: First question I think in the previous conference call, the management team talked about maybe perhaps testing, burning PRB coal at some of the Eastern plants to diversify coal mix.
James H. Miller: Yes.
Yiktat Fung: I was wondering if there has been any progress on that front?
James H. Miller: Yes there has… in that we continue to do the engineering work necessary to understand what the cost would be capital, as well as O&M, as well as the D rate because of the BTU content of the Western coal versus the East to make sure that A, the economics work and B, that we can actually effectuate the changes and I think so far we are cautiously optimistic that we can make the modifications with a fairly reasonable cost and being in an ability some time next year to begin to blend the PRB coal. My expectation is you are probably talking about blending in the 10 to 15, maybe at the outside, 20% of the actual coal and we would anticipate doing this in Montour right at the moment.
Yiktat Fung: Is there any estimate as to the capital costs in order to enable this, would you?
James H. Miller: My expectation we haven't finished the engineering yet, but it is probably less than $20 million.
Yiktat Fung: When will PPL file its 2011 procurement plan in Pennsylvania?
William H. Spence: What did he say?
James H. Miller: The team has I think a recommendation completed. Senior management is going through our review right now. So I would expect that would be filed relatively quickly.
Yiktat Fung: Is it going to be significantly different than the way the power is procured in 2010, is it going to be built through like an R&P process?
William H. Spence: It would and I think the differences would be instead of 2010 being a one-year bridge plan to get us up to the rest of the peer group, the 11 and beyond plan would be a multi-year plan. So that will be probably like others some expectation of a portfolio of contracts that would be bid out.
Yiktat Fung: Okay.
James H. Miller: Further still we try to take advantage of the flexibility that the PUC left in their ruling on long-term statewide procurement plans a few years ago when they came out with their ruling. We will try to… our plan will try to utilize, I think the wise flexibility that they provided in that ruling.
Yiktat Fung: And just one last question. I was wondering if there are any updates at the United Kingdom delivery segment in terms of other… is there a like a rate case coming up or anything like that?
James H. Miller: Yes, distribution price control review 5 would be effective in April 2010, so WPD as well as the rest of the RECs in the UK are in process now and preparing capital plans to be filed with the regulator here in August and all of the various kind of committees and activities that go into preparation for this five-year cycle review are well underway.
Yiktat Fung: Thank you very much. That's helpful.
James H. Miller: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carrie St. Louis [ph].
Carrie St. Louis: I just want to focus back on the '09 guidance, this $210 million of pretax impact. I guess I calculated on the after-tax basis, that is roughly $0.35.
Paul A. Farr: That's about right, Carrie [ph].
Carrie St. Louis: Okay, are there offsets to that or should we go ahead and assume if you said your '09 target was 240 that it would now imply your '09 number would be roughly 205?
James H. Miller: I wouldn't imply that at this point of time. We do expect offsets by way of margin enhancements by our focus on O&M. but we are still in the throes of our normal annual business planning process, so the real goal of providing that level of detail was just to show you kind of order of magnitude of two very significant drivers, what the impact of those would be and then as I said and I think Bill said too, we will provide that guidance on the Q3 call, the formal guidance.
Carrie St. Louis: Okay what I would hope that you really work to improve your hedging guidance because it really looked like you were pretty significantly hedged and you wouldn't see the size of cash flows changes going forward. And to follow-up on that point, the 77%, 23% split on fixed and kind of reopen coal contracts. I'm ascertaining that basically that split is going to stay constant going forward? It is not like that will change significantly such that your percentage of like potentially re-open contracts isn't go going to increase up to like 30% or 40% in any outer years, but that split should remain more or less constant?
James H. Miller: I think that is actually subject to market conditions, Carrie. So while we strive to be as… and narrowly define the costs as best as possible to the extent that others in the industry negotiate certain terms and those become market, we are compelled to negotiate market, so we make every attempt to  and in fact in Bill's discussion in terms of the variability of some of this pricing… even including the oil, we did have significant amounts of oil hedges in place that really did economically isolate us from a much bigger order of magnitude impact that could have been felt, but it is really trying to get arms around these… the more narrow-mine related costs, rather than just there use of diesel, rather than diesel used to transport it from the mine to the plant. So, we try in great success possible to do that, as well to keep the collars themselves when there are re-openers as tight as we can but that is all a provider by provider negotiation.
Carrie St. Louis: And I guess when you just see something like 94% hedged and then you have $100 million fluctuation, it just doesn't seem to jive real well. So I would implore you to kind of step up the disclosure in terms of what the hedge definition actually refers to if at all possible in the future and then I just wanted to talk about the cash flow statement and cash flows from investing activities. It appears like you had a large expenditure for intangible assets and then a large increase in restricted cash or decrease in restricted cash, I just want to know what those two items relate to?
James H. Miller: This typically the restricted cash would relate to NYMEX postings that we have for exchange traded contracts and I think we did talk about earlier in the quarter the consummation of the purchase of the toll, the Ironwood toll from Bear energy and that's a significant component of that one line item.
Carrie St. Louis: Okay, so that's the value of that. Okay.
James H. Miller: It is a contract, so it is by definition intangible.
Carrie St. Louis: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your question comes from [Inaudible]
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. My questions have been asked and answered. Thank you.
James H. Miller: You are welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tom O'Neill [ph].
Tom O'Neill: The question on the CNX contract, does that have a re-opener every three years to the 15% CapEx hitting and I'm just curious what you are showing up is that... showing up in 2009.
James H. Miller: I am sorry, didn't get which contract were you asking?
Tom O'Neill: The CONSOL.
James H. Miller: I really -- we are under a confidentiality provisions under that contract, so I really can't speak to specific contracts, I am sorry.
Tom O'Neill: Okay and it was, but that was signed in 2005?
James H. Miller: 2006… either late 2006 or early 2007, I can't recall now, it was not 2005.
Tom O'Neill: Okay.
James H. Miller: Yes.
Tom O'Neill: And then on the rail, just curious what exactly you are seeing or is it just mainly a coal issue?
James H. Miller: No, it is both. On the rail side, we have seen some fairly significant increases on the order of magnitude of about $5 a ton, so I think last numbers I saw we were previously paying about $11 per ton to deliver some of our eastern coal and that's up to about $16 a ton, so it is pretty sizeable on a percent increase.
Tom O'Neill: And just one last question on the coal contracts. To date you haven't really seen anybody break like a price measure type of situation on coal contracts. This is just sort of the levers that sit inside the existing contracts that are hitting?
James H. Miller: That's correct. Yes.
Tom O'Neill: Okay, thank you.
James H. Miller: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shalini Mahajan
Shalini Mahajan: You have slated some amount of… small amount of hedging in 2010, I was just wondering if you could integrate… give some indication on the pricing there and then broadly how should we be thinking about your 2010 hedging philosophy on your electric sales especially on the Eastern side? Is there any target of, assessing target on how hedged you want to be as you enter '09 or get towards the end of the year?
James H. Miller: '09 I think we are still under our affiliate agreement in '09. So that is sort of not a good year to talk about hedging philosophy, but I think what we have said in the past concerning hedging, there is a lot of ingredients that go into a hedging philosophy at 2011 and beyond. We, in fact, are assessing that and taking the steps necessary. We obviously want to find ourselves in a pretty reasonably hedged position as we approach the year in question. We don't necessarily want to be fully hedged, but I think to leave some room for upside based on the fundamentals of the market we see. But I think generally speaking with posting considerations and the like, there is a number of ingredients, but I would say on balance, we believe in… our company has believed in a more high percentage hedge as you approach the years versus a lower percentage hedge counting on gaining a bunch of upside that maybe there. We would rather bring more certainty to the year in question than doubt.
Shalini Mahajan: But just given the impact that you are seeing from both the fuel surcharges and coal prices hitting the collars, would it make sense to be more open and or would you also look… and also would you look to just to maybe hedge your diesel oil, kind of doing oil hedging for that just mitigate the impact that you could see in the future?
James H. Miller: I think certainly on the oil hedging side, we will continue to do that within… quite a bit of that and it has really helped and we will continue that. On the surcharges side, I guess in the overall portfolio, when you think about the Open EBITDA that I mentioned earlier in the 4… over $4 billion when you are talking about the surcharges… they are measurable and they are important and we focus on them, but in the kind of grand scheme of how we approach hedging our margins, it is a relatively small factor in the overall equation to be honest.
William H. Spence: And certainly we, I would add that in this today's world with a number of the geopolitical events going on that you cannot predict, we are certainly not in any thought process that we want to be at all open, significantly on the fuel side certainly.
Shalini Mahajan: Okay.
James H. Miller: Which is why we are really focused on the fixed price components, the base coal and as Paul mentioned earlier, we are subject to where the market is and try to factor that in and do as much homework on the fundamentals in the coal markets. So we have a good sense of where they are headed and I think the wild card in a lot of this is just where oil prices are going to fall out, more than anything.
Shalini Mahajan: Okay thanks and I might have missed this, but have you guys indicated how much of blending you could do using Western coal… I mean is it a percentage that you guys are targeting or you could achieve without a loss of efficiency?
James H. Miller: Yeah, I think we are right now still in the midst of our engineering studies, but 10% to 20% would be the range.
Shalini Mahajan: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
James H. Miller: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question tomorrow from the line of Raymond Leung.
Raymond Leung: Hi, how are you?
James H. Miller: Hi.
Raymond Leung: Most of my questions have been answered, but just a housekeeping question in terms of you have a fairly large short-term debt balance. Can you talk a little bit about what that is comprised of, is that mostly a collateral posting? And maybe if there is some maturity to talk about financing plans for the remainder of this year and maybe in to next year.
James H. Miller: Yes, in terms of… we do have a relatively modest additional debt issuance planned for later this year. I'm not sure if it has creeped into the window yet or not there is about a $600 million refinance [ph] for electric utilities next year, the balance would be collateral posting and given where prices were at $6.30, those were obviously more significant than they are today by a pretty significant amount, so…
Raymond Leung: Is there a breakdown of what was collateral and what wasn't?
James H. Miller: No.
Raymond Leung: What portion was collateral?
Paul A. Farr: Just one second, just to see if I had that handy.
Raymond Leung: Thanks, Paul.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, between commercial paper and other things out affecting the NYMEX type contracts and things like that, we are about… somewhere between $200 million and 300 million. I don't have the details beyond that. We will have to get back to you on that, Raymond.
Raymond Leung: Okay great. Thank you, guys.
James H. Miller: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. There are no more questions at this time.
James H. Miller: Okay. Well thank you all for attending the call. As we said, we have given you I think the best information we have with us at this time. Obviously 2009 will be the last year of our rate cap period. It presents its form of challenges in many ways. On the 2010 and beyond as I said we will update you at the third quarter call on our view of 2010. We feel very good about 2010 and also things are looking positive for 11 and 12. So with that, thank you for attending.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Paukovits - Director of IR James H. Miller - Chairman, President and CEO Paul A. Farr - EVP and CFO William H. Spence - EVP and COO
Analysts: John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Tom O'Neal - Highbridge
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessica, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the PPL Corporation First Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. At this time I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Paukovits, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your call.
Timothy Paukovits - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on first quarter results, and our general business outlook. We are providing slides with this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim, and good morning everyone. Today we'll follow our usual format and we'll respond to your questions after we provide a general business update and some commentary on the first quarter of 2008 results we announced this morning. On the call today with me are; Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Bill Spence, our Chief Operating Officer. Today we've reported first quarter earnings of $0.69 per share compared with $0.52 per share at the same period a year ago. The 33% improvement over last year was driven by strong results in our international delivery segment, and some special items related to the mark-to-market energy hedges. Earnings from ongoing operations, which exclude the special items were $0.61 per share about 6% lower than in 2007. As we previously discussed our ongoing earnings for all of 2008 will be down about $0.20 versus 2007 results, as the result of the loss of the synfuel earnings and the cost to replace synfuel consumed at our Eastern power plant. In the first quarter the loss of synfuel led to $0.08 reduction in earnings compared to the last year. Our first quarter results from ongoing operations put us solidly on target to achieve our 2008 earnings forecast. As was the case last year we expect virtually all of the margin growth in our supply business to come in the second half of the year. Supply business margin growth will be driven primarily by the replacement of expiring supply obligations with higher margin wholesale energy contracts, by higher base-load generation, and by further growth in energy marketing and trading activities. And Paul and Bill will provide more details on our financial and operational performance in the first quarter. Before we hear from them, though I'd like to talk briefly about our 2008 and 10 forecast, as you probably saw on our release this morning, we're reaffirming our 2008 forecast of earnings from ongoing operations of $2.35 to $2.45 a share. Our reported earnings forecast is $2.43 to $2.53 per share reflecting the special items recorded through March 31st. We're also reaffirming our 2010 forecast earnings range of $4 to $4.60 a share. Our 2010 forecast is driven primarily by higher energy margins based on higher wholesale electricity and capacity prices, higher expected generation output, and increased earnings from marketing and trading activities. We continue to execute on the tactical plans to achieve this 2010 forecast. Our top priorities include achieving higher availabilities in our generation fleet, prudent hedging, and improving the value of the energy marketing and trading operation. Our 2010 forecast does not include the impact of any new assets that might be added to the company's portfolio and assumes that PPL Electric Utilities will be able to fully recover its cost to purchase, provider of last resort electricity as provided under Pennsylvania law. While we certainly are focused on making the 2010 numbers, we're also aggressively pursuing additional growth opportunities as evidence by our recent acquisition of a tolling agreement for 660 megawatt plant in PJM. Our marketing organization is continuing to identify ways to enhance the value of our gen fleet, and to increase the value of trading operation. We significantly upgrade our in-house capabilities in a number of areas especially in the pursuit and execution of bilateral contracts, expanding our offering of products to the market, and in the sophistication of our trading operations in general. We are also working on the construction and operating license for a potential new nuclear units near our Susquehanna plant in Northeast Pennsylvania, and we expect to file application with the NRC in September followed closely by an application for DOE loan guarantees, which is a critical requirement to move forward with construction. We are continuing negotiations with potential partners in the new unit, and hope to reach agreement on participation in the near future. In addition to the possibility of building new near Susquehanna we are also exploring opportunities to jointly invest in new nuclear facilities at other sites. And we recently brought on Board the Vic Lopiano, who was an industry veteran with an extensive background in large construction projects and nuclear technology, and Vic will head our nuclear development efforts. Nuclear expansion I believe is increasingly becoming a viable option as it becomes more difficult to build coal-fired plants. As energy prices continue to climb and as reserve margins continue to decline. This viability is predicted... is predicated I should say on federal loan guarantee is being available so we will continue to watch that closely. We are continuing to provide inputs as the commonwealth of Pennsylvania considers a state energy policy. The special legislative session is ongoing and we continue to be involved in many constructive discussions with legislators, regulators, and administration officials and other energy companies in the state. The legislative proposals are focused on four areas. First, demand side management and conservation. In this legislation would require energy and demand reductions while requiring smart meter technology and new billing options for customers. A second item deals with how electric distribution companies will acquire provider of last resort electricity in the future. The main issue in this discussion is a mechanism for making long-term contracts part of that procurement mix. Third, is bill that would provide for phase-in of rate increases as caps expired beginning in 2010. This bill would enable the type of prepayment program that PPL Electric Utilities as proposed, as well as the post-cap phase-in with recovery of carrying costs by utilities. And the fourth area is the establishment of an energy fund, which would provide money for clean energy projects such as energy efficient buildings and a large solar program for homeowners and businesses. It seems to be fairly widespread agreement on most of the measures being discussed, and we are supportive of the intent of all of legislations that I have just described. There is substantial debate however regarding the details of the energy funds. In addition to those bills there remains one bill that proposes to extend rate caps beyond their current end dates. We believe that reasonable parties to the debate understand the severe consequences and substantial disruptions that could result in states distribution companies if that type of legislation were to be implemented. In the mean time PPL Electric Utilities is continuing to purchase the fault energy supplies that its customers will need for 2010. The company is now purchased half of that supply and has another RFPs scheduled for the fall. On another front PPL Electric Utilities is continuing to push for PUC approval of its rate stabilization plan an option that would allow customers to manage price increases when the rate caps come off. Under our proposed 54 months stabilization plan an average residential customer could limit annual price increases to approximately 7% in 2008 and 09 and 6% in 2010, 11, and 12. Unfortunately the PUC recently postponed action on this plan. Our ability to provide these levels annual increases depends on the timing of the approval of this filing. We believe that electric utility space in proposal approximately addresses the most pressing concern regarding rate cap expiration, a large one-time increase in customer bills. So we will continue to work with all parties involved to continue to transition to a competitive market lace in Pennsylvania. We are hopeful that we can address the needs of the customers and encourage the wise use of energy going forward. We continue to believe that our focus strategy and our focus on solid execution of that strategy will continue to resolve and sustain growth for our share owners. I look forward to questions and thanks for your attendance on the call. And now I will turn it over to Paul Farr for the financial overview. Paul?
Paul A. Farr - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jim and good morning, everyone. First quarter earnings from ongoing operations are lower than last year and the loss of synfuel earnings and reduced international earnings as a result of the sale of our Latin American portfolio in 2007. As outlined on slide 6 lower earnings in our supply business segment were partially offset by increased earnings in our two delivery business segment. Each of our business segments is performing within our expected ranges before them. We are on target to achieve our 2008 forecast of earnings from ongoing operations. As I've indicated on the past several calls earnings from ongoing operations include the results of the Latin American and natural gas delivery businesses that excludes special items related to their divestiture. Turning to slide 7, I'll now discuss the supply segment earnings drivers. The unregulated supply segments are $0.19 per share in the first quarter of 2008, a $0.13 decreased compared to a year ago. This decrease was primarily due to the loss of synfuel earnings and lower wholesale energy margin. The $0.08 per share loss in synfuel benefits includes the loss of earnings from synfuel operations, as well as the cost of replacing synfuel consumed at our Eastern power plant in 2007. Lower energy margins in the East with the net results of higher average fuel prices, lower base-load generation primarily due to the retirement of the two Martins Creek coal unit in September 2007, increased energy margins for major marketing and trading activities and higher solar prices. Lower energy margins in the West were the net result of lower hydro generation and unrealized trading losses partially offset by higher margins and energy marketing and trading activity. The supply segment also reported higher operating expenses as a result of planned and unplanned outages at our Eastern fossil generating station and higher operating expenses in our energy marketing group. Moving to slide 8 our Pennsylvania delivery segment earned $0.16 per share in the first quarter, a $0.01 increased over last year. This increased was driven higher electric delivery revenues as a result of the distribution rate increased 1/1/08 as well as customer load growth. The revenue benefits were partially offset by higher storm expenses and inflationary increases. On slide 9 our international delivery segments earned $0.26 per share in the first quarter of 2008, $0.08 increased compared to year ago. The increase was the result of higher UK delivery revenues reflecting the benefit the annual inflation adjustment factors, lower pension expense, lower depreciation, lower UK income taxes, and lower financing costs. These positive factors were partially offset by the loss of the earnings from Latin American portfolio as a result of the divestitures in '07 that I already talked about. As Jim mentioned, we're on target to achieve our 2008 ongoing earnings forecast of $2.35 to $2.45 per share. Similar to what we've experienced in 2007, we expect most of our margin growth to occur in the second half of the year. This slight change slightly from the last time we spoke with you to reflect current expectations about 2008. We also changed the synfuel loss of $0.18 per share to combine in one line item, the loss of earnings from synfuel operations, as well as the increased fuel costs for replacing synfuel consumed that our power plant in '07 that was previously reflected in margins. Our 2008 ongoing earnings are expected to benefit from lower O&M of $0.04 per share driven by lower pension expense at WPD, which is being partially offset by higher expenses in the Pennsylvania delivery segment and higher energy margins of $0.10 per share due to higher margin wholesale energy contracts, higher base-load generation and expanded marketing and trading activities partially offset by higher coal expense as a result of higher coal prices and higher coal transportation costs. Also contributing to 2008 ongoing earnings, our higher delivery margins of $0.06 per share, which include $0.04 of higher delivery margins in the UK and $0.02 per share as a result of PPL Electric's new distribution rates that were effective January 1 of this year. The impact of PPL Electric $55 million approved revenue increase is netted down by an assumption of return to normal weather this year. These positive earnings drivers will be more than offset by the $0.18 per share loss of synfuel benefits, a decrease of $0.08 per share as a result of sales of Latin American assets, $0.08 per share in certain tax benefits that were recorded in '07 that will not repeat at similar level or are at least that are not expected to, and we also project higher depreciation expense primarily in the supply business segment due the scrubbers coming on... some of the scrubbers coming online in '08 and other additional plant and service. We expect 55% of our 2008 earnings from ongoing operation to come from the supply segment, 28% from international delivery and 17% from Pennsylvania delivery. On slide 11 we've highlighted the primary earnings drivers between the $2.40 midpoint of our 2008 forecast and the $4.30 per share midpoint of our 2010 forecast. The earnings drivers in this forecast haven't changed since our year-end call. The increase from 2008 to 2010 earnings is driven almost exclusively by our unregulated supply segment which is expected to provide approximately 77% of our 2010 earnings. We expect the contribution of our international in Pennsylvania delivery segment to be 14% and 9% respectively. Clearly, the most significant driver of the forecast is the increase in energy margins and we've continued to see strengthening in the prices since we've set the 2010 forecast last fall. On slide 12, you'll notice an improvement in our projected 2008 free cash flow before dividend, reflecting the expected proceeds from the pending sale of our gas and propane distribution businesses. Consistent with our prior assumptions, the CapEx spending includes funding for the ongoing preparation of the COLA for a possible third nuclear unit near Susquehanna, but does not include any funding of long lead-time materials that maybe committed to and partially funded before year-end 2008. While our business plan continues to incorporate planned common stock buybacks that continue to be a placeholder for other growth opportunities that have the capability to add even greater shareholder value. Recognizing that a stable growing dividend is valuable to our shareowners and also an important component of total shareholder returns, we increased our common stock dividend by 10% effective April 1st. The current annualized dividend rate of $1.34 per share brings PPL's payout ratio to 56% based on the $2.40 per share midpoint of our current 2008 earnings forecast. With that financial update I'd like to turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations.
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with our Pennsylvania Electric Utility business. As you know in late march PPL Electric Utilities conclude the third of six solicitations for 2010 generation polar supply for the residential small C&I customers. PPL Electric Utilities now has one half of its expected 2010 polar supply needs under contracts with a number of suppliers. On March 27 the Pennsylvania PUC approves this third solicitation. The prices in that auction were about $3 per megawatt higher than the previous RFP. A summary of prices achieved in the first three solicitations is available on the appendix to today's presentation. Of course final 2010 prices will not be known until all six supply purchases have been completed. The next solicitation will be conducted later this year with bids to September 29th, and PUC approvals are expected on October the 2nd. Turning to slide 15, I am very pleased to report that the Unit 2 scrubbers on Montour facilities shown in the slide when into service in mid March and the Unit 1 scrubber is being tied in as we speak. Our team is really doing an excellent job in bringing the scrubbers into service on time and on budget. This project illustrates PPL's commitment to the environment, as well as our capability to manage large scale construction efforts. Construction at Brunner Island is also progressing very well, and we are applying lessons learned for the Montour project that should provide some cost benefits as we drive the competition of that site. On slide 16 our generation expansion efforts took a very important step forward in April when we agree to acquire a long term tolling agreement for the capacity, energy, and ancillary services from the 654 megawatt Ironwood combined-cycle facility in PGM. This totaling arrangement runs through December 2021 providing us with quick access to additional megawatts in the PGM region and the ability to contribute to our future margin growth. We are also continuing to execute on our plants to increase generation capacity in Pennsylvania and Montana by 331 megawatts through upgrades and our existing generating facilities. We completed phase I of our Susquehanna nuclear uprate earlier this month. During phase I we expect to see an additional capacity of about 7% at Unit 1 this year with the remaining 7% increase occurring in 2010 following the spring refueling outage. Unit 2 is uprate is schedule for the 2009 refueling outage. Other capacity expansions include new hydro facilities in Pennsylvania at our Holtwood site and in Montana at the Rainbow plant. Almost all this capacity addition to our non-carbon emitting and will continue to add to our strong position in the event carbon legislation is passed. As we have communicated to you in the past about 40% of our current output is non-carbon emitting and applying completion of all projects in the pipeline that derives to more than 50%. We are also continuing with our plans to invest 100 million or more in renewal energy projects over the next five years. And in fact we may end up reaching that commitment level to projects before the end of this year. To-date we developed renewable energy projects that total more than 30 megawatts of generation. Slide 17 provides an overview of key milestones associated with our new nuclear development opportunity as Jim mentioned. By the end of September we plan on submitting the COLA application to mine operating license and construction agreement. Application for the third unit near our Susquehanna nuclear site. We also plan to submit our DOE loan application later this year and could make commitments on long lead-time material such as large forging to achieve a yet to be finalized commercial operation target date. As we stated before DOE loan guarantees are absolutely critical to the success of getting new nuclear generation bill especially, merchant generation in the nuclear space. It's clear to PPL that the current congressional preparation level of 18.5 billion must be expanded in order to build sufficient nuclear generation that we believe the country desperately needs. Early site work could commence as early as next year, but the NRC approval to COLA likely would not be received until 2011. The timing of commercial operations will be dependent upon many factors, but certainly I would not expect operations to begin in early than 2016. As far as in RPM update on PJM capacity pricing the FERC made a couple of rulings during April 2008 they could have potential significant impacts from the upcoming 2011, 2012 RPM auction. First FERC denied PJM's request to increased the CONE that the cost of new entry elements of the PJM capacity pricing formula beginning with the 2011, 12 auction. FERC's rationale for the denied was administrative indicating that PJM missed the filing date to make adjustments to the pricing formula. PJM can of course re-file the request for CONE pricing increase for the 2012, 13 auction. In the separate action and in connection with Duquesne decision to leave PJM. FERC ruled that PJM may allow capacity resources in the Duquesne zone they bid into the 2011, 12 RPM auction. In response to this ruling PJM as indicated that it will grant transmission rates to generators in that Duquesne zone. These actions in our view will not affect our margins for 2010, but we do expect that it will reduce capacity prices for the 2011, 12 RPM auction is going to take place later this month. On the flip side to the extent that some supply projects in the PJM queue or canceled or delay due to these reduced capacity prices, that could actually improved heat rates. Of course it's difficult to predict the net out come in these changes, but we are of course going to be monitoring them closely. Turning to slide 19, I am sure you're all well aware of the recent worldwide supply and demand events that have driven the price of coal to new heights. I'll first address our hedge position in the physical supply picture and then I would like to give you an update on how this run up and prices is expected to impact PPL and how we plan on mitigating some of the cost pressure. In our Eastern fleet we continue approximately 9 million tons coal annually and in the West about 3 million tons annually. Our coal supply in the West is 100% hedge through the 2008 to 2010 period and we do not expect any negative coal price or supply issues there. In fact based on the recent agreement with the miner... of owner at Colstrip for Units 1 and 2, now all four Colstrip units have committed supply through 2019. In the East we're hedged 89% for the 2008 to 10 period. Ultimately, our total coal portfolio will come from a mix of purchases under fixed price contracts, contracts that have price collars and mine-mouth mill cost based agreements with the remainder from spot market purchases. Thus far we've not experienced any supply defaults and we are working closely with our coal suppliers and transport providers to ensure deliveries occur as they're scheduled. Our diversified coal sourcing and our fleet of over 1,600 railcars have been very helpful in maintaining our deliveries in the current environment. We're also evaluating several options to help mitigate any future price increases. For example, we're taking steps necessary to allow us to planned blend PRB coal at our Eastern fleet. This is an option we've looked at in the past, and we believe we can actually have some of this capability in place by 2009. On top of evaluating the PRB option, next month we're planning some test burns of Illinois basin coal in our Eastern fleet. The completion of the scrubbers will allow us to further diversify our coal supply sources. The Illinois basin is a growing source of coal that we'll be able to utilize at our eastern units if the scrubbers come online. This region has been expanding its coal production capability and has generally been a lower cost provider. Turning to slide 20 I want to examining the impact of rising coal prices on PPL earnings. I believe that it's important to look at this in three separate time periods; short, medium and longer term. The first is the 2008 and 2009 period while rate caps are still in place. Looking at the 2008 hedge positions you can see why we are comfortable and our ability to deliver on the forecasted 2008 ongoing earnings range we reaffirm today. Uranium is 100% hedged and only 1% of our coal is unhedge for 2008. Our coal and power hedges are also above at about 99% at this time, so while we experience increases in coal expense due to loss of synfuel supply higher price contracts and increases in transport cost the pressure due to spot coal prices... price increases is greatly reduced. Looking at 2009 while we are still highly hedged with 93%. This is also a period going which we remain under rate caps. If coal prices remain at the level they are now we would expect to see our average delivered coal price for 2009 increased by about 10% to 15% over the average delivered price for 2008. Previously, we were expecting about 5% increase. However, as I mentioned we are working on PRB and Illinois basin coals to help offset some of the potential increase. This 10% to 15% increase takes into account the higher prices for the coal currently not under contract and the portion of the contracted coal subject to price collars, as well as increases in rail transportation costs. We expect to provide you with 2009 earnings forecast later this year. The next period is 2010 the year in which our rate caps come off. Our hedging strategy for that year is focused on achieving the earnings forecast that Paul talked about earlier. For 2010 we have a significant portion of our fuel supply hedged and plenty of generation linked more than offset the impact of higher coal prices. Finally, when you look at the period beyond 2010 particularly 2011 and 12 where we have significantly lower count hedges executed, we see actually positive incremental value based on current fuel and power prices. We see coal prices levellizing in the outer years and again I would know that the rise in power price increases our energy margins in those years exceeding the impact coal prices could have on those same margins. So in summary while we have some 2009 pressures we really in good shape overall and our highly hedged positions in the short term have provided some real share meaningful risk protection. Turning to slide 21 you will see our open EBITDA position in 2010 has been updated to reflect forward prices as the end of March, which are available on page A1 of today's presentation. Based on our recent price moments the unhedged or implied gross margin for the supply segment in 2010 is expected to be about $3.7 billion with the associated O&M cost of about $814 million. This brings the value of our open EBITDA up to $2.9 billion, decrease of only $14 million from our update based on forward prices as of the end of last year. The small decline is the net effect or the effect of higher spot prices offset by increases in power prices, and it proven in the value of our peaking units. We also notice that the mark-to-market of our hedges has improved since our last day... update this reflects the favorable value of our coal hedges including new contract this price is lower than current spot offset by the negative value for electric hedges caused by the increase in power prices. The bottom line message from this slide is that in 2010 we expect to be able to withstand the impact of the recent increases in fuel prices. Now I would like to turn the call back Jim Miller for the Q&A.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks Bill, and operator we are ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from line of John Kiani [Deutsche Bank Securities]. Your line is open.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: For the $2.9 billion of open EBITDA on slide 21, I am trying to understand what price you used when you marked to Eastern coal position I did some basic maths, and I got to an Eastern coal price equivalent of about $71 a ton for your PJM assets, is that close or in the ballpark of what you used for that 2010 open EBITDA figure?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: John to be honest I haven't roughs that calculation and I don't have those numbers right here in front of me. I think generally speaking prices on average was 2010 previously we were expecting about 4% to 5% increase, and as I indicated if you look at current forward prices for 2009 and 10 we would expect that would be more or like 10% to 15% for those of course positions they are currently unhedged.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then maybe the another way to come out at it for the 2010 open EBITDA it sounds like you remarked your 100% of your Eastern coal position and then treated the in the money value accounted for the in the money value of the 70% to 77% of 2010 that's hedged in the $240 million below market hedges at the bottom?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: You're right. Yes, john you are right, that's correct.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: You've marked 100% at the East, but didn't mark the West obviously because Colstrip has these very, very long term mine-mouth type contracts.
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Correct.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, that's helpful. And then from the perspective of your 2009 and 2010 coal hedges that you've discussed on the prior slide, what portion or volumetric or cost based and not fixed price?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: For 9 and 10?
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yeah.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: 9 and 10 are all fixed price.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: 9 and 10 are all fixed price?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the contracts that we've got that flip into the collar type arrangements or have some variability around them are in outer years.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, great. And then one last question, can you talk a little bit about the... how we should think about the value associated with the PPA you signed off the Longview coal plant, am I correct in assuming that in any earnings from that contract are accrual based and in some of the out years, when will you see benefit from that in earnings?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Starting in 2012.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: In 2012, okay and how far out does that go roughly?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: 2017.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: 2017?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Five year contract.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and can you say if that's been hedged or not?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's in the portfolio with the rest of the generation resource. It's a West hub delivery...
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Under the contract, so we've got again much, much lower amount of 2012 hedge then was reflected in 10.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Got you, so you just think about it from a portfolio perspective and the accrual earnings from that contract we'll see starting in 2012?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. That's very helpful.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: In the second quarter what's the drop off synfuel going to be?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: One second. It's going to be much lower than it was in the first quarter because of the mark-to-market on the oil collars that benefited the first quarter.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then what was... can you delve a little more deeply into what happen with UK taxes and how much of an impact that was?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: The synfuel is going to be about $0.03 or $0.04 a share for next quarter, on the UK tax side that was a positive outcome of an item that was under negotiation within the revenue that got resolved within the quarter and was $0.03.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom O'Neal with Highbridge. Your line is open.
Tom O'Neal - Highbridge: Good morning. I was just wondering if you give a little more detail on just in terms of volumes where you might be able to burn from the PRB, or the Illinois basin?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Sure on the PRB coal let me start with that first without major modifications to the Eastern units, which are mostly in a coal handling facilities. We could probably burn safely up to about 10% blend with modifications which would take us probably into 2010 to complete those. You are talking about maybe up to 30. On the Illinois basin coal as I indicated we are doing test burns so until we complete those it's difficult to say, but clearly with the scrubbers in place we can burn that higher sulphur coal coming from the Illinois basin of course in both the Illinois basin, as well as the western PRB coal they are typically much slower BTU content so you have to net effect the actual output and heat content of the coals when looking at the economics which we do, but we still think there are very positive economics to looking at this particularly compared to the current spot prices.
Tom O'Neal - Highbridge: And then to get to the 30%, when... what sort of CapEx are you talking about?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We have not yet put the exact numbers together, so I will have to... I could probably update you in the second quarter call.
Tom O'Neal - Highbridge: Okay. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Sure.
Operator: At this time there are no more questions in queue.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, well thank you all for participating in the call, and we will see you in next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy Paukovits - Director, IR James H. Miller - Chairman, President and CEO Paul A. Farr - EVP and CFO William H. Spence - EVP and COO
Analysts: Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Greg Gordon - Citi Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Judd Arnold - King Street Capital Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners Jeff Gildersleeve - Millennium Partners Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's PPL Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Tim Paukovits. Please go ahead sir.
Timothy Paukovits - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, good morning. Thank you for joining the PPL conference call on fourth quarter and 2007 results, and our general business outlook. We are providing slides with this presentation on our website at www.pplweb.com. Any statements made in this presentation about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. A discussion of factors that could cause actual results or events to vary is contained in the Appendix to this presentation and in the company's SEC filings. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Jim Miller, PPL Chairman, President and CEO.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Tim, good morning everyone. Today we'll follow our normal format, cover some general business issues and updates, and than we'll turn the call over to Bill Spence and Paul Farr, our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for more detail and then we'll go to Q&A. Today we are reporting strong fourth quarter earnings, $1.17 per share compared with our reported earnings of $0.46 per share in the fourth quarter a year ago. While a significant portion of our reported earnings increase in the fourth quarter is due to the sale of our Chilean operations. Ongoing earnings from our supply segment were 12% higher than a year ago. The supply segments fourth quarter… strong fourth quarter resulted from stronger wholesale market prices and higher output from our base load generating plants. International business segment had a very strong quarter improving by 59% over a year ago. Fourth quarter earnings from our Pennsylvania delivery operation continued steady increasing by about $0.02 a share and overall ongoing earnings were up about 30% for the fourth quarter of 2007 compared to 2006. $0.56 per share of our fourth quarter reported earnings resulted from the sale of our Chilean delivery business in November. So, in total we realized about $851 million in proceeds from the 2007 sale of our entire Latin American portfolio. Clearly the marketplace did recognize the economic value that was created in these companies both through our really solid customer service improvements and enhanced operational efficiencies there. We are very pleased with the results of the divestiture and that will certainly enable us to further sharpen our focus on growing our core businesses. As we have said previously, the majority of the sale proceeds were used to repurchase a portion of our common stock. Today we also reported 2007 earnings of $3.40 a share. While special items contributed about 24% of that record number, we also had an excellent year when we look at ongoing earnings growth as well. Overall per share ongoing earnings for 2007 increased by 16% over 2006. The supply business drove this increase as a result of higher wholesale margins, greater realized margins from our new load following deals and higher output from our generating plants. For the year ongoing earnings from the supply business increased by 20% over 2006 and that's exactly the kind of growth that we expect from this dynamic part of our core business. Our international operations also had a very strong year improving ongoing earnings by about 13%. The combination of our non-regulated supply business in the US and our international delivery business accounted for 85% of our 2007 earnings from ongoing operations. Additionally, we forecast that more than 90% of our earnings will come from supply and international delivery businesses in 2010. We also are very pleased that investors are continuing to respond positively to our story. During 2007 our common stock rose by more than $16 a share ending 45% higher for the year and that performance was among the best in the sector. Our 2007 results underscore the significant benefits of our expanded marketing and trading operations combined with improved performance at our power plants and a consistent performance of our delivery businesses. Paul and Bill are going to provide some more detail on our financial and operational performance for 2007, but before we do that let's talk about 2008 and also 2010 forecasts. Today, we are reaffirming the 2008 forecast to 235 to 245 a share. While the mid-point of the forecast is lower than our earnings from ongoing operations in 2007, it is important to note that this forecast does reflect the loss of synfuel related earnings, earnings from our divested businesses and some tax benefits recorded in 2007 that won't repeat in 2008. Importantly, we are also reaffirming our forecasted 2010 earnings of $4 to $4.60 per share. We are encouraged by the further strengthening in the wholesale energy market since the fall, when we established this 2010 forecast. There are some key assumptions included in this forecast. Continued strength in forward market prices through 2010, continued strong performance of our fleet and power upgrades at our nuclear facility, Susquehanna and strong 2010 capacity prices for PJM, specifically in Mack and the APS zone. And Paul is going to provide some additional information on the building blocks for the 2010 forecast. While the 2010 forecast certainly is important, we certainly don't feel that is a stopping point for our growth. Quite to the contrary, we have the plans into achieve our numbers in 2010 and we are aggressively pursuing additional growth opportunities. The marketing organization is continuing to identify ways to enhance the value of our generating fleet and to maximize the value of our trading operation. We significantly upgraded our in-house capabilities in a number of areas, especially in the pursuit and execution of bilateral contracts and in the sophistication of our trading operations. We estimate that our marketing and trading operation added about $150 million in margins in 2007, compared to what we made by simply selling the output from our plants. Operator? Okay, we are sorry for the delay, we will continue on. Apparently, a couple of phone lines are having problems with people dialing in. But as I was saying, we have significantly upgraded our in-house capabilities in a number of areas in our marketing and trading operation. Particularly strong execution in establishing bilateral contracts and the sophistication of our operations. We estimate that our marketing and trading operation did add about $150 million in margins as I said earlier in 2007, compared to what we would have made simply by working on the output of our power plants. Additionally we've reentered the natural gas market and are also talking with potential customers in the retail, commercial and industrial electricity market in the East. Commercial industrial retail customers have been part of our operation in Montana since we have been operating there. We are also continuing to pursue possible acquisition and construction of new generating assets, and an important element in this asset expansion effort of course is our recent announcement to pursue a construction and operating license for a potential new nuclear unit adjacent to our Susquehanna plant in Northeast Pennsylvania. In addition to the potential to build near Susquehanna, we are also exploring opportunities to jointly invest in other new nuclear facilities. Very much encouraged by the project that we are seeing on a number of fronts regarding nuclear expansion. The industry is making headway on nuclear loan guarantees, standardized designs are moving ahead, and we are getting positive signals regarding regulatory process. In addition to that, we are now seeing future price levels that would justify investments in new large scale generating facilities including nuclear. We'll also continue to work on issues related to Pennsylvania state energy policy. As you all know, a special session of the Pennsylvania legislature is ongoing and we've been very much involved in constructive discussions with legislatures, regulators, administration officials and other energy companies in the state. The details of some of the legislative packages still are being worked out. There are many areas of agreement regarding demand side management, energy efficiency, conservation and how a delivery company should acquire supply for customers who don't choose an alternate provider. Work also continues on possible approaches to moderate price increases when generation rate caps for Pennsylvania's major electronic utilities begin to expire at the end of 2009. As I mentioned in our last call, we are proactively pursuing options for PPL electric utility customers to manage price increases when the caps come off. We've asked the Pennsylvania PUC to approve a five-year phase-in plan under which an average residential customer could limit annual price increases to approximately 7% for the first two years of the plan and 6% in 2010, 2011 and 2012. These numbers are preliminarily or preliminary of course and assume that the price is secured for 2010 supplies, and the two RFPs completed this year are the same for the remaining four RFPs. We believe that our phase in proposal appropriately addresses the most pressing concern regarding rate cap expiration, a large one-time increase in a customer's bill. We have asked the PUC to act on our proposal soon so that we can begin this program in July of this year. Legislature is also working on a plan, a phase-in plan that would occur after the rate caps expire, a concept that we generally support. While there is no shortage to challenge in today's sector, I am pretty confident that PPL has a solid strategy in place to make the most of the opportunities available to us and we are working hard to present as many options to our customers as possible to deal with the end of rate caps. So, 2007 was a very strong and excellent year actually for PPL. We are optimistic about the future. We like the fundamentals; they appear to be working to help support continued growth of the corporation. And so I will turn it over now to Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer for more detailed financial overview. Paul?
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jimmy. Good morning everyone. As outlined on slide six, you can see that we delivered strong fourth quarter growth and ongoing earnings in each of our business segments compared to a year ago. These results are driven by the same key factors that drove our full year 2007 results. As we've indicated on the past several calls, 2007 earnings from ongoing operation include the operating results of the Latin American and natural gas delivery businesses, but exclude special items related to their divestiture. Given that we are close to obtaining binding bids for the sale of our natural gas delivery business, I'd like to mention the potential for an impact on 2007 reported earnings from the divestiture process. While any potential gain on the sale of this operation will impact future earnings, a loss could impact 2007 results, if an assessment is made that the sale value is below book value and this assessment is made before the filing of our 2007 form 10-K at the end of February. Under any scenario the gain or loss will be treated as a special item and will not impact earnings from ongoing operations in the period reported. We continue to expect that we will close on the sale of the gas business in the second half of 2008. Before reviewing our 2008 earnings forecast, I will review the key segment earnings drivers for 2007. Turning to slide 7, let us start with our unregulated supply segment. The unregulated supply segment earned $1.42 per share in 2007, a 20% increase over the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by higher energy margins in both the East and the West. Higher energy margins in the East were a result of higher net wholesale prices compared to a year ago, higher unrealized... higher realized margins on new and existing full requirement supply contracts, higher base load generation and lower coal cost as well as higher unrealized gains on trading activities. Higher energy margins in the West were a net result of higher wholesale prices and higher base flow generation partially offset by higher fuel cost. The supply segment also reported higher Sential [ph] earnings of $0.06 per share primarily due to the gain on oil options purchased to hedge the Sential tax credits and lower income taxes. Partially offsetting these positive earnings drivers are higher O&M driven by higher outage cost at our Fossil Hydro nuclear power plant, higher nuclear fuel disposal cost and higher payroll cost as well as higher financing cost. Turning to slide 8, our Pennsylvania delivery segment earned $0.40 per share in 2007, a 5% increase over 2006. This increase was driven by higher electric delivery revenues as a result of warmer weather in 2007 compared to 2006 and higher revenues in our gas delivery business as a result of a distribution rate increase that was effective early in the year. The revenue benefits were partially offset by higher O&M and higher depreciation. Turning to slide 9, our international delivery segment earned $0.78 per share in 2007, a 13% increase over 2006. The 2007 increase was a result of lower income taxes including the $0.08 tax benefit realized in the second quarter of '07. Higher UK delivery revenues due to a more favorable customer mix and the recovery of 2006 revenue under run, beneficial currency exchange rates and lower depreciation. These positive factors were partially offset by higher O&M by WPD and WPD's comparative results were also impacted by income realized in 2006 from the ongoing liquidation of certain non-strategic businesses in the UK. On Slide 10, we summarized the major drivers of earnings from ongoing operations between '06 and '07. I'm not going to specifically discuss these drivers as I basically discovered them in my segment review, so let's move to Slide 11. As Jim mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2008 earnings forecast of $2.35 to $2.45 per share. While the $2.40 per share mid point of the forecast range is lower than our 2007 earnings from ongoing operations, we expect to partially overcome the loss of some significant earnings drivers for '07 including $0.18 from Synfuel related items and $0.08 tax benefit that helped '07 and the net loss of $0.08 per share from the impacted divesting Latin America. Let's move to Slide 12, which outlines the principal items that drive '08 earnings forecast versus our '07 actual results. Our 2008 earnings are expected to benefit from lower O&M at $0.06 per share primarily driven by lower pension expense of WPD, higher energy margins at $0.06 per share due to higher margin wholesale energy contracts and higher base load generation output. Netted in this margin improvement is $0.04 of higher fuel cost in 2008 to replace the Synfuel we purchased from third-party producers, to be burnt in part of the Eastern Fleet. Also, contributing our higher Pennsylvania delivery margins of $0.02 per share as a result of new electric distribution rates, which became effective January 1, 2008. The impact of PPL Electric $55 million approved revenue increase is netted down by an assumption of a return to normal weather in ‘08. These positive drivers will be more than offset by the $0.14 per share loss of Synfuel operational earnings, the decrease of $0.08 per share from the sale of our Latin American assets, the $0.08 per share tax benefit again recorded in Q2 of 2007 and higher depreciation expense primarily in the supply business segment due to some of the scrubbers online as well as additional plans in service. We expect 56% of our 2008 earnings to come from the supply segment, 25% from the international delivery segment and 19% from the Pennsylvania delivery segment. Turning to slide 13, we highlighted the primary earnings drivers between the $2.40 per share midpoint of our '08 forecast and the $4.30 per share mid point of the 2010 forecast. The forecast increase from 2008 to 2010 earnings is driven almost exclusively by our unregulated supply segment, which is expected to provide approximately 77% of our 2010 earnings. We expect the contribution of our international and Pennsylvania delivery segment to be 14% and 9% respectively. Clearly, the most significant driver of the forecast is the increase in energy margins and we continue to see strengthening in prices since we set this new 2010 forecast last fall. The increase in energy margins between 2008 and 2010 is driven primarily by higher energy prices, higher capacity revenue, additional margin growth from continued expansion of marketing and trading activities as well as higher nuclear generation output. These positive margin drivers are expected to be partially offset by higher fuel costs and higher environmental costs. In addition to the growth in energy margins, we expect higher O&M primarily in our supply segment as a result of the startup of the scrubbers, and other pollution control equipment at our Foster unit, additional planned outages as well as inflationary increases. Our Pennsylvania delivery and international delivery segments are also impacted by inflationary increases. Higher interest costs of $0.10 per share on higher debt levels for finance, our CapEx programs as well as the planned common stock buybacks also impact 2010 as well as higher depreciation primarily due to the scrubbers coming online and other plant additions. Moving to slide 14. The strength in 2007 cash flow was driven by the sale of our Latin American portfolio and the sale of our domestic telecom business. The 2008 forecast does not yet include any after-tax sale proceed assumption from the sale of that business… from the sale of the gas business, excuse me. Additionally, the CapEx numbers have been updated to reflect the elimination of CapEx spend for the already divested businesses and includes additional CapEx for the electric utilities, PJM market transmission line projects. The CapEx spend also includes funding for preparation of the coal for a third nuclear unit. We continue to expect that we will find all planned capital projects with cash from operations and the issuance of long-term debt and hybrid securities. Furthermore, our business plan includes $700 million of common stock repurchases, beginning in early 2009. These planned stock buybacks are a placeholder for other growth opportunities that would add future greater shareholder value. Finally, dividend growth remains an important component of our total shareholder return for PPL. We'll be assessing the dividend level next month on our normal schedule and we expect to continue our recent trend of strong stock dividend increases. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Spence, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Bill?
William H. Spence – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Paul and good morning everyone. First I'd like to give you an update on the major activities of our operating segments since the third quarter call. I'm happy to report that the Pennsylvania PUC approved the settlement agreement for PPL electric utilities distribution rate increase request that was filed in March of last year. This approval provides for a $55 million revenue increase that was effective, January 1 in 2008. Several key programs to address customer impacts resulting from the expiration of supply rate caps were also included in this filing and in the settlement. Next month, PPL electric utilities will begin its third solicitation to procure one-sixth of its expected default supply requirements for 2010. [inaudible] March 24 and PUC approval is expected March 27. After the completion of this third solicitation PPL Electric Utilities will have 50% of its expected default supply requirements for 2010, already under contract. On the supply front, we remain confident that the Scrubber projects at our large Eastern coal plants will be completed on time and on budget in 2008 and early 2009. Turning to slide 16, we continue to execute on our plans to increase generating capacity in Pennsylvania and Montana by 328 megawatts through upgrades at existing generating stations. A few of the small high grown coal upgrades actually came on line in 2007 and yesterday we have received NRC approval for the power upgrade at our Susquehanna nuclear facility. We recently received the new steam dryer for the unit 1 reactor. This was our critical path item for beginning the 70-megawatt upgrade project for this unit. We plan to increase the power levels on Susquehanna unit 1 after the new dryer is installed and other modifications are made during our Spring 2008 outage. Unit 2's upgrade is scheduled for the 2009 outage, with the unit increasing power shortly thereafter. After completing an extensive review of various nuclear reactor technologies, we announced in December, then we contracted with UniStar Nuclear Energy to prepare the NRC application for the combined license to construct and operate a third nuclear unit adjacent to our Susquehanna plant. This unit would be based on the Areva's US Evolutionary Power Reactor design. Earlier this month, we also announced our filing an application with FERC to more than double the output of our Holtwood hydroelectric plant. We worked very closely with the Pennsylvania department of environmental protection on this proposal, in order to ensure that we not only address the state's renewable energy needs, but importantly, we also addressed important environmental and ecological considerations. DEP secretary McGinty attended our press conference and spoke in support of the project. I think it is important to note that the planned new hydro facility at Holtwood and the potential third nuclear unit at Susquehanna would substantially enhance our non-carbon emitting footprint. Currently about 40% of our generation output is non-carbon emitting. Upon completion of these projects, that could rise to more than 50% of our generation production. Additionally, we are continuing our plans to invest $100 million or more in renewable energy projects over the next five years. Over the past few months for example, we announced the completion of solar energy project and we are developing several methane to electricity power generation facilities. To date, we have developed renewable energy projects that total more than 30 megawatts of generation and that's enough to cover 20,000 homes. As I said, we continue to expect the Scrubbers to be completed on time and on budget. The photos on slide 17 show the progress that we have made on the Montour scrubber project over the past year. The construction at Montour is now about 93% complete and we're making great progress at Brunner Island, which is about 50% complete at this point. The Montour Unit 2 scrubber will actually come online this quarter and will time this scrubber going into scheduled outage in mid-March. Turning to slide 18, the PJM RPM auction for the 2010-2011 planning year is underway and results are expected to be announced here very shortly. The zones for this auction have been revised since the last auction; the new zones are depicted on the map on slide 18. You would note that all PPL's Pennsylvania generation is in the new MAAC zone, which is essentially a combination of previous Eastern MAAC and the MAAC portion of the old MAAC plus APS zones. While we don't expect results in this auction to be significantly different from the results of the previous auction, the combination of these two zones show that the constraint is moving west. As a reminder, our 2010 earnings forecast assumes that the auction results for the 10/11 planning year will clear at $191 per Megawatt day. I would like to next walk you through our expected margin change for the 2007 actual results to our 2008 forecast. As you can see on slide 19, expected margin improvements are driven by a number of factors. First, improved power value, which includes power prices, spot spread changes across our entire fleet as well as the value-added from asset management by PPL EnergyPlus and the results from other marketing and trading activities. In addition, higher nuclear output is expected resulting from the first phase of the upgrade project I previously mentioned and the completion of the final rechanneling outages that we had in 2007. Also, higher coal generation resulting primarily from fewer planned outages in 2008 and higher east and west hydro output. These increases are expected to be offset by higher fuel costs, primarily resulting from higher coal expenses due to increased prices for coal and coal transportation, including the higher costs of replacement coal due to the end of our synfuel program. We had been burning synfuel at some of our eastern coal facilities, and in 2008, we have to replace that synfuel with traditional coal sources. The synfuel replacement will negatively impact margins by about 25 million. Also contributing to higher fuel cost is an increase in price of nuclear fuel. And finally, margin growth will be impacted by a loss of generation from our Martins Creek coal units 1 and 2 which we shut down in September of last year. Moving to slide 20, I'd like to provide you with an update on our open EBITDA position in 2010. In forecasting the date on this page, we use forward prices as of the end of December, which can be found on page A-1 of today's presentation. The unhedged gross margin for the supply segment in 2010 is expected to be about $3.7 billion with associated O&M of $814 million. This brings the value of our open EBITDA to $2.9 billion, an increase of almost $250 million from our forecast in October. While this negatively affects the mark-to-market of our hedges we have executed for 2010, to ensure... and that is to ensure a more predictable earnings in cash flow, it does clearly indicate strengthening value that could be realized as our hedge positions roll off. In total, we have hedged about 62% of our 2010 generation. While we've also hedged a portion of 2011 generation, it's at a much lower level than 2010. While this open EBITDA is based upon current forward prices and numerous assumptions on plants' availability and O&M costs, we are encouraged by the trend. As we've indicated in the past, we are not planning to continuously update our 2010 earnings forecast. That said, we are providing you with the few key sensitivities on slide 21 that you can use to mark the earnings forecast of the market. Of course, our hedge positions and other factors are dynamic; so that should be carefully considered as well. And now, I would like to turn the call back to Jim Miller for the Q&A.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Bill. Operator, just hold for a moment on the call and we have a number that can be used for others to call into.
Timothy Paukovits - Director, Investor Relations: This is Tim Paukovits, I want to apologize to the few people who haven't been able to dial in to listen on this phone line, but maybe are listening via webcast. There is another dial-in number we have for you if you like. If an analyst likes to ask a question during the Q&A session, the number is 877-419-6594; again that's 877-419-6594. We understand there were a couple of analysts that didn't get through on the queue on the dial-in line, you can use that number to ask your questions. Now, we will go to the Q&A session. Operator? Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Daniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: Hi. I just was wondering if a... upon the sale of your gas business, are the proceeds going to be used for the stock repurchase in 2009 or are there any other type of usage that you would like to use of that?
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Daniele, this is Paul. The amount of proceeds will be... because of the size of that business significantly less than the proceeds from the combined sale of... in the Latin American portfolio. We haven't chosen a spot for the use of that cash right now.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: Okay. And in terms of the... do you have any other opportunities in hydro upgrades or is this pretty much what you can do at this time?
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. In addition to the hydro... the Holtwood hydro facility, we are adding about 30 megawatts to the Montana portfolio as well through a new powerhouse out there and upgrade to that... for that fleet of assets.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to ask you about the impact of the emission allowances. I'm looking at the cash flow statement, cash flow for investing activities and sort of what's driving that and the short-term investments in that sales purchases? They seem to have poked around and I just want to get sort of a little bit more clarity on that.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There is a larger plant sale assumption in 2009 for those Paul, but that's a combination of that as well as movements in our NDT assets and things that purchases and sales there and purchases and sales of other liquid securities that we have cash parked in that don't fit well into the other line items. That captures more than just emission allowances in asset sales.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then, what's the impact on earnings and debt, when we look at that… when you look at, there has been about $100 million swing '07 versus '06, and I guess what you are indicating is that number might go higher for the emission allowances with the… I guess the Scrubbers coming [inaudible]?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's already assumed in the $101 million number in '09 that you are looking at there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And that flat to negative 15, as I think about the business plan basically continues into 11 and 12. There are no significant assumptions about material items that would affect that other investing activities line item.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And what are these short-term investments that you are selling?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Movements in the NDT assets.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Oh, I got you. Okay. First of all I appreciate the detail, On slide 8, 9 you guys show sort of your expected reserve margin, which is helpful. Where do you see that sort of bottoming out or leveling off? I mean the trend looks like it's declining pretty substantially, I'm just wondering where do we get... where do you think it bottoms out or do you have any feel for that past 2010?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Paul. This is Bill Spence. It is really hard to predict, but I think it is probably in the single digits might be the place where it bottoms out. We're still not seeing any substantial new generation being added, particularly in the Mid-Atlantic PJM. But there are folks obviously that have announced some plans for some new combined cycle units in the region, but the real question is probably what impact on demand will significant rise in electricity prices have and how might that be met going forward. So it's very difficult to predict though.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Are there any reliability issues that we get into the mid-single digits?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think it's highly dependent on weather and if you get the one and 20 negative weather event, you could have some voltage reductions and so forth. But that's why we have a forward planning process in place with PJM and so obviously our hope is that we maintain the reliability through plant increases and obviously we've reacted at existing plants with the upgrades that we had at the fossil as well as the nuclear plants.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: All right, okay. Thank you.
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Sure.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ashar Khan with SAC.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning. Just going back to the update on the open EBITDA slide. If I am doing my math, I just want to make sure my math is correct. The previous slide had an open EBITDA minus market value of hedges of 2497; this was October when you did it and now it's 2644, which is an increase of about $150 million. So, assuming that this open EBITDA stands still, you hedge out the remaining portion of your portfolio and the prices remain the same. To me it's implying that 2010 earnings, if these prices remain as what is in this open EBITDA calculations have increased by $150 million pre-tax. Am I correct?
William H. Spence - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: That's how the math would work.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And then if I can go Paul to the next slide where you show the sensitivity analysis of $19 million for 1 megawatt and you are using the ATC price, am I right, because the ATC price is more dependent on your POLR load, and your POLR load is around 40 or so. So, if the sensitivity now is only 19, that would imply that only 19 of the 40 POLR load is open, and hence you are hedged over 50% or so, on your POLR requirements.
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well versus looking at in the terms of POLR requirements, the POLR load was what it was at the end of 2009, and the statistic that I think Bill used in his part of the presentation was... we are slightly in excess of 60% hedged on 2010 at this point in time.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay, so then the hedging is somewhere else also in the portfolio, okay, okay.
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And then if I can just go to another line item, which is that the cash flow from operation from 2010 was 2390 in the October presentation, which has been updated to 2499 in this current presentation, which is an increase of about $100 million. Has that been driven by this higher open EBITDA or what is the basis of that provision?
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is primarily working capital and other changes. That $100 million would adjust that figure effectively up after using the 150 after-tax. So, we haven't updated the cash or the earnings forecast to reflect improvements in forward prices.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay, the improvement that is happening is only because of working capital changes right now, the $100 million improvement in tent?
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Primarily we have updated as well, as we got better information towards the end of our business planning cycle, some information on O&M cost and things like that and potential rate case outcomes across the portfolio but primarily working capital.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And then if I can go to Jim on the nuclear. Jim, when do you expect… I guess we got the loan guarantees, I am expecting that your application and your assessment will include applying for that and getting that, but do you have some kind of plan as to when the application fulfillment is completed and when can the nuclear plant come on line from a PPL portfolio?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'm sure the... our current plan is to aggressively work on the construction operating license and submit that around October or prior slightly ahead of October of this year.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And such that we can obtain acceptance of that filed application by the NRC by December 31 of 2008 and then roughly speaking we would anticipate hopefully a two and a half year review period or less, if things go well at the NRC, it could be a little less. And so then it begs the question on.... questions like where we ultimately end up in the queue on forgings and forgings are really the critical path of the whole process. And I would say that our objective would be to strive for an online time of about 2016 or 2017, but as I said, there is a number of variables out there and that's what we're working through right now.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And Jim, you said that the prices now support, I guess you're talking about capacity and energy prices support that economics. Does that mean that you are going to be looking now as price... capacity price has moved up and all that in towards? Is nuclear the only new build that you're going to do or could you be looking to buy more assets on the market as you look at these prices?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think it's a little bit of everything Ashar. We're certainly looking and continue to look, and every deal of course is different and has different aspects to it. But we look at the gas assets and certainly we're out there looking for the right gas assets in the right areas. We continue to say and repeat we're not going to overpay beyond what we believe the fundamentals show where we'll deliver. But coal is a question, a big question of course and that's got its environmental overhang to it. Coal right now is probably the technology that we're looking at the least, but that could change as events unfold. So, I think really gas and nuclear we're focused on, and of course we're continuing to upgrade our hydro assets, but from a large-scale block of generation, we're certainly looking at gas assets and nuclear.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Thank you very much sir.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Greg Gordon with Citi.
Greg Gordon - Citi: Thank you. Good morning.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Greg.
Greg Gordon - Citi: I'll ask Ashar's question slightly different way on the open EBITDA. If the assumptions you've laid out on page 21 represent the base... the base, the average ATC prices for PJM capacity of 191, you are right at 91%, those assumptions represent the assumptions that set the midpoint of your 2010 guidance, correct or incorrect?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Greg Gordon - Citi: So, given where power prices and given what your open EBITDA has shifted by several months, assuming that you could in fact lock in those margins you'd be shifting more towards the higher end of the range at economic pricing?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct, and obviously subject to the outcome of the RPM auction upcoming.
Greg Gordon - Citi: All right and you have more hedge options for that to take place in, what happens to the pricing here whether it goes higher or lower?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Greg Gordon - Citi: Let's talk about coal -- spot coal -- spot coal pricing is obviously through the roof. I have talked to my coal traders here at Citi. And to paraphrase what they said, they said that the guys in central and Northern half coal mines are so built up they can’t even get their horns out the door. What are you seeing in terms of how that spot coal price is affecting your ability to hedge out your open position in 9/10 and beyond? What type of pricing are you assuming in the forecast?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all we are -- Bill you can speak for this, but we are moving away from… with the Scrubbers online. We hope to move significantly away from the central App coal and move towards Pennsylvania coal or either and even look in at Indiana or Illinois basin coal, but I think to the other point I would make is, remember that, yes, the spot prices are moving and yes they have taken a sharp uptick, but we don't buy a material amount of our coal on a spot coal basis and there are very long contracts and I don't know, Bill, are you seeing any percentage just to discuss now?
William H. Spence – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, if you look at our position for 2008, we are 94% hedged on coal in the -- 100% in the west. As Jim said, with the Scrubbers coming online, we had already previously contracted a pretty good chunk of coal that we had announced previously in the forward years, actually through 2012 and beyond, and so if you look at where we are hedged 60% to 70% beyond 2008, I think we are in fairly good shape, and I think there are some reasons why this is a pretty short term event with the issues that you have with flooding in Australia, China shutting down their exports. And I think if I look at US inventories of coal at the existing power stations, people are in pretty good shape, and I think with the spring outages coming up, that will ease up on some of the demands for coal. So, hard to predict, but our expectation is that you may see this volatility continue through the summer and then our expectation would ease off after that, but we are not seeing any material impact. I guess the bottom line is to our fleet at this point.
Greg Gordon - Citi: Final question. What is the time line for getting resolution of your basin plant proposal in Pennsylvania?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll answer it this way. We are continuing to work with obviously work with PUC as necessary. As we've mentioned, we'd like to begin that phase-in plan in July of this year. So, we are dialoguing with all of the interested constituencies that normally get involved in these types of filings and those discussions are underway. I would say that I... to date we've had I think very positive comments associated with the plan, and so it's our objective to continue the dialogue with all those interested parties and see if we can work our way through and come to agreement on any of the details that need ironing out and then the PUC will then take that information, if you will, or that agreement by parties and I think move it on through their process. So, I can't give you today a date that the PUC will rule on this. But I think... we think of it in the steps that we have to get out of the way. We want to find out other issues with interested parties. Can we resolve those issue and I believe we can and then I think the PUC will take that information and our hope is that they will move quickly knowing that our plan... 54-month phase-in plan needs to get started in July. So, we are optimistic that they will recognize that and move forward.
Greg Gordon - Citi: Thanks gentlemen.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Greg.
Operator: We will take our next question from Edward Heyn with Catapult Capital Management.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: Good morning.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: Just to follow up on some of the questions Greg was asking on coal. First, could you give us any sort of sense of what percentage hedges you have for coal in 2011, 2012 time period?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't want to get into real specific numbers. So, all I can say is that we have significant portions of our coal and fuel and across the board hedge, and we are very comfortable with where we sit right now.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: Okay. But is it significantly below the 70% like… if you look at the East, is it significantly blow the 70% in 2010?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No. It's not. No.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: It's not. So, it is about... around 50% or somewhere around that range?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Or higher. Yes. We are greater than 50% both years.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: Okay. Than in the 2010 hedges that you do have that 70%, is there any... can you give us that on a dollar per ton basis where you are hedged?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't provided those details in the past. We've spoken more about year-on-year absolute increases versus getting specific on a dollar per ton delivered basis.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: Okay. What about from a sense of where you are relative to current marketing pricing, current markets forwards, is that significantly below market or above market?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Again with the way that we contract and they are typically under medium to long-term contracting arrangement. Stock market prices don't impact necessarily or directly the prices that we pay under those arrangements.
Paul A. Farr – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'd say that we are significantly under spot, the spot as you call it definitely.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Under spot, but the contract price is a little different.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: You also mentioned the... how you do give a forecast of the increase in coal cost on a 4% to 5% basis over the next couple of years. That's actually come down, I think last time on the third quarter slides, you said 5% to 6%. Can you kind of walk through how... it would seem with a bullish coal market that would actually be going up. Is there a reason why that's come down?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think in the last couple of years, we were 4 to 5 and closer to 5 than 4 and closer to 4 than 5 and 5 to 6. I think 5% is a good number to assume for purposes of the year you are forecasting.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: Okay. So that hasn't changed too much?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, no.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: Okay. And then just finally, do you have any... you talked about the spot prices, do you have any indication of where you are seeing forward prices on a dollar per ton basis for the central App?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I haven't looked at it here this week, so I'd be hard pressed to give you a number.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management: Okay. Thank you very much.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Good morning.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Paul.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: From '07 to '08, we are losing $0.18 of synfuels, that's $0.14 of tax credits and then $0.04 of higher coal cost. Is that how that works?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: And on the third quarter release, we talked about $0.11 of headwind, was that $0.07 of tax credit and $0.04 of higher coal?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: So, in the fourth quarter we had... I assume $0.07 higher synfuels than you expected?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It wouldn't have been 7 and 4, it would have been 11 and 4. And your question about the prior view, we had typically talked... when we talked about hedging, we basically hedged the value of the synfuel operational earnings, not the benefit in fuel prices that affected margin. So the total would have been $0.15.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: You picked up $0.03, virtually you are expecting in the third quarter.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. We had some stronger plant production, a little less phase-out than we had thought at that point in time and the value of the oil colors ended up benefiting us pretty significantly.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: What was the synfuel benefit in the fourth quarter?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: $0.03, I believe... one sec please....$0.03 in the quarter.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Thank you very much.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Judd Arnold with King Street Capital.
Judd Arnold - King Street Capital: Hi guys. Could you go through on, I think it's slide 13, with the $0.10, the higher interest expenses in the 2010 bridge?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's primarily the impact of Scrubbers coming online, additional plant and service beyond the Scrubbers and [inaudible] plus other as well as effectively use of cash for the stock buyback that is planned in '09 and '10.
Judd Arnold - King Street Capital: Okay, so it will just add like $400 million and that will just roll out.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean you got prior discoveries coming on line that's being capitalized and now through depreciation and interest expense, it will roll through the bottom line, the financing cost for the scrubbers.
Judd Arnold - King Street Capital: Okay, I follow you, okay. And then on coal strip being... I mean it looks like north-western right now. How much of a read through into the value of year units and coal strip. Do you think you can get… I know that short-term coal strips are a little weird.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, not only is it a little weird, but it also has contracts that have to be factored into the evaluation. So, I wouldn't read... I wouldn't imply much to whatever the outcome is for north western on that vis-à-vis the value of our facilities and the whole portfolio on Montana.
Judd Arnold - King Street Capital: And then again we are sort of seeing just higher CapEx to Pennsylvania's delivery business. I guess how sustainable do you think this $500 million outer year CapEx number is?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the big piece of that, in excess of $320 million is coming from the RCAP line which is FERC jurisdictional and not distribution or state jurisdictional. A lot of the rest is simply based upon reliability, growth, obsolescence, and spend in support of the programs that we think the state really wants us to be investing in relative to demand side management and improving the capabilities of the advanced meters that we already have deployed; so I think it's very sustainable from that perspective. I don't see that order of magnitude of transmission line projects in our service territory, post the 2012 targeted online date.
Judd Arnold - King Street Capital: Okay, I appreciate. Thanks very much guys.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We will take our next question from [inaudible].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I was wondering looks like you have a $0.06 foreign currency translation positive impact in '07. What are your assumptions for 2008?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: $1.97-ish, $1.97, $1.98 on the sterling.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And one more question on the Colstrip Unit 4. Assuming your comments that you're not interested in acquiring the 222 megawatts at Northwestern is strategic options for.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't read anything into that from that light.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We go next to Yiktak Fung with Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Good morning.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: The first question that I have pertains to the rate [inaudible] working through at the PUC. And obviously some legislators have been trying to design, lay some plans on their own, separate legislation. I'm just kind of wondering how that calculus works. For example if you get – if a plan is approved and it goes into effect in July for example and the legislators pass a law in September, September was a different phase in plan, I think what kind of happens, does your plan get grand fathered or do you have to modify it?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There are... the jury is still out on what gets approved and when. Obviously there's legislation being written. I'd characterize it this way that it's very much dependent on the aspect of each of the programs, whether they are in opt-in or an opt-out program. It's very possible that two programs could exist simultaneously and a customer could just have two choices of phase-in programs and make their own choice as to which one they would like to be in or the customer of course could decide to enter neither and take the rate hike as it turns out in 2010. So, I think we still have to say as it pertains to our rate phase-in plan, what form does it end up in? Does it end up in an opt-out as we filed it or will it need to move to an opt-in and I think that the legislation that has been put for, I think that legislation is based on an opt-in approach. So, we'll have to see how the final words are written, but I think to answer your question we believe that it's in the best interest of the ratepayer and to have as many choices as possible. And that's why that we have been basically supportive of a legislation that provides a second phase-in option for the customer.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Any of the parties that you have been talking to speaking more of kind of like a wait and see attitude to see what the legislator puts out first before…
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think so. I think we're working through the process with the interested parties from our phase-in plan standpoint. We're working with the interested parties and then we will await the PUC's decision on it.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: My second question pertains to carbon and in particular to the RGIC [ph] routine, I was wondering if there has been any momentum for Pennsylvania to join RGIC? I understand that now I think as an observer, just wondering if there is any kind of chance that you will be part of RGIC in 2009 and 2010 and how that might affect your outlook on 2010 earnings?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can't speculate as to what people's views will be out there in 2009 or 2010, but at present, they are just... I'm not aware of a lot of detailed discussion ongoing about RGIC as it pertains to Pennsylvania. I think that the broader picture is that, with our generation mix, I think that we are well positioned obviously to try to comply with whatever federal legislation has passed and I think again we have a nice generation mix. So, what downside there would be to coal margins with our nuclear and our hydro assets that provide a nice offset and really some uplift.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: My final question pertains to the international segment. Do you have some [inaudible] question, in your walk across for 2008 guidance, I think there is eight... 600,000 from O&M and I think you said that it’s coming mostly from a reduction in pension expense in international?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct, the WPD.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: In WPD, I was wondering if those savings essentially I guess get.. when you are putting your next I guess five-year plan over there in the UK, do those... do the savings get factored into like the [inaudible] the benefit goes away for you guys or do you count just to keep that benefit going forward?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes... while the concepts are related, from a rate case perspective for DPCR 5, which will be effective April 1, 2010. The regulator looks much more at actuarial funding level and the amount of cash funding that's necessary to meet that future obligation versus the GAAP expense calculation that has different discount rate assumptions and salary increase assumptions and all of that baked into it. So, they're related, but I wouldn't look at that as a claw back.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: And finally for... I think there was some sort of a US tax benefit that you've benefited in the fourth quarter this year. That's also embedded into international segment and I think in the guidance statement that you have put out, do you expect that to go away in '08? How much would that benefit?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We've recorded $0.08 benefit in the second quarter of this year and late in the year repatriation, we did experience a lower US income tax expense hit on that repatriation that we had planned, but it wasn't significant.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Thank you very much.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Gildersleeve with Millennium Partners.
Jeff Gildersleeve - Millennium Partners: Yes. Thanks, thanks a lot. Just with all the coal questions, I thought it is interesting that you are obviously far along in the Scrubber program, which enables you to buy... burn the lower quality higher sulfur coal, which is a big price spread between that and the low-sulfur coal. I was just wondering if you could comment on that?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Jeff. Is your question, what is the spread or just to confirm that there is a spread? I am not quite clear.
Jeff Gildersleeve - Millennium Partners: Well, there is a pretty big spread, but just that as you put on this on the Scrubber if you are able to switch from some of the higher-quality, higher price coal in the region to some of the higher sulfur coal?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We have been for some time planning for that in contracting the higher sulfur coal and hopefully taking advantage of whatever positive price benefits that provides to us some. So, that's already reflected in our forward prices and margins.
Jeff Gildersleeve - Millennium Partners: Right. I think just the prices that seems... we are seeing up to $12 spreads between certain northern App coals and the lower quality. Is that consistent with what you're seeing?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think it's very locational specific and mine specific. So, it is hard to make a general characterization of what those are, but I guess when it comes to spot coal prices, we look at those and we follow those, but quite honestly these are short-term disruptions that don't have a lot to do it in my mind the fundamental supply and demand as it relates to coal. So, I don't expect that this is some emerging trend that certainly I am losing sleep over.
Jeff Gildersleeve - Millennium Partners: Right, but I think what... my only point is what people are looking at on the price quotes typically is compliance coal or higher quality coal. Those prices are priced quite a bit above what your... the coal that you are burning, right?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the low sulfur could have a good spread. You could have a $10 spread. But it is really hard to give you a good spread number, because it depends on the length of the term of the contract that we negotiate. It depends on the mine, the location, transportation cost, all of that is a different mix with every supplier, but you are correct, there is a... you know a hefty spread, and that went into our calculations on why we should build the scrubbers.
Jeff Gildersleeve - Millennium Partners: All right.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: As well as allowance cost.
Jeff Gildersleeve - Millennium Partners: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Reza Hatefi with Polygon Investment.
Reza Hatefi – Polygon Investment: Thank you. Could you talk about when you are going to file your procurement plan for 2011 and onwards and is that plan going to resemble the methodology used for 2010 pricing?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: To answer the question, we would be filing that plan, hope to file it here this year, the exact timing has not been established. But clearly, we are looking at what legislation is being proposed and we want to make sure that whatever we file is consistent with what the potential expectation may be coming out of the legislative session. So we are going to factor that in. But thus far, our plan absent any new legislation would follow the PUC’s guidance in the rule making that they came out with last year that pretty much describes the manner and the methods that one could use as an electric distribution company to file this procurement plans. And I think we are prepared to do that, and we will be doing that here sometime this year.
Reza Hatefi – Polygon Investment: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take a follow up from Daniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: Hi. It has to do with the emission credit; I am assuming that you had already sold some of your emission credits ahead of time. Is there some of these benefits included in your 2010 margins, and so is it changing price of coal, I am assuming? All of that is already in your margins estimate, is it correct?
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Daniele.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose & Co.: Okay great thanks.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time, I'd like to turn this conference back over to our speakers.
James H. Miller - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you operator and thank all of you for participating in the call and we are looking-forward to another good year in 2008, thanks of attending.
Operator: Thank you for everyone, that does concludes today's conference, you may now disconnect.
