===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Quanta Services First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow management’s prepared remarks, and we ask that you please hold all questions until that time. I will then provide instructions for the question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations for introductory remarks.
Kip Rupp: Thank you and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2025 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations' section of our website at quantaservices.com. This morning, we also posted our first quarter 2025 operational and financial commentary and our 2025 outlook expectation summary on Quanta's Investor Relations' website. While management will make brief introductory remarks during this morning's call, the operational and financial commentary is intended to largely replace management's prepared remarks, allowing additional time for questions from the institutional investment community. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 1st, 2025, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements and information intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or financial performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We will also present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and operational and financial commentary. Please refer to these documents for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Lastly, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com to receive notifications of news releases and other information, follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks Kip. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. This morning, we reported our first quarter 2025 results, which included robust double-digit growth in revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share, along with record backlog of $35.3 billion and a number of other record financial metrics. As a result, we have increased our full year 2025 expectations for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share. Quanta's core strategy is built on the foundation of craft-skilled labor, execution certainty, investment discipline and clear strategic rationale. At the heart of Quanta's success is our unmatched craft workforce, deliver essential infrastructure solutions with a dedication to safety, quality, and performance. Our execution certainty combined with strategic investments in talent, technology and complementary businesses strengthens Quanta's leadership position across our expanding and addressable markets. Our investment decisions are guided by a disciplined strategic rationale aimed at reinforcing Quanta's differentiated platform, growing customer partnerships, and driving long-term sustainable value creation. Quanta differentiates itself through a unique solution-based approach that integrates craft labor with engineering, technology and program management expertise to deliver comprehensive self-perform infrastructure solutions. Rather than providing isolated services, Quanta partners with customers to solve complex challenges across the full project life cycle, which creates deeper strategic relationships. Our collaborative model drives higher value for our customers and positions Quanta as a trusted partner and solutions provider, not a contractor. As demand for our resilient -- as demand for resilient electric grids, power generation, technology expansion and energy infrastructure accelerates, Quanta's large addressable markets continue to grow. Quanta has a proven track record of consistent profitable growth across both favorable and challenging conditions, demonstrating the resilience, and sustainability of our business model, which is a testament to the strength of our portfolio approach, a diversified solution-based strategy that enables us to adapt to evolving industry dynamics while delivering mission-critical infrastructure. The successful execution of our strategic plan, combined with significant financial liquidity, positions us well to not only navigate periods of uncertainty but emerge stronger. The energy and infrastructure landscape is undergoing a fundamental transformation, and Quanta is positioned at its center. Utilities across the United States are experiencing and forecasting meaningful increases in power demand, which is being driven by the adoption of new technologies and related infrastructure, including data centers and artificial intelligence, policies intended to reinforce domestic manufacturing and supply chain resources and the need for all forms of energy generation. We believe these drivers are leading to what could become the largest investment and an expansion of high-voltage transmission infrastructure in a generation. And that's Quanta's unmatched execution platform and solution-based mindset enable us to capitalize on these expanded opportunities, positioning Quanta for sustained leadership and long-term growth. I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta's CFO, to provide a few remarks about our results and 2025 guidance, and then we will take your questions. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai: Thanks Duke and good morning everyone. This morning, we reported strong first quarter results, including revenues of $6.2 billion, net income attributable to common stock of $144 million or $0.96 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.78. Adjusted EBITDA was $504 million or 8.1% of revenues. Additionally, we generated healthy cash flows in the first quarter, with cash flow from operations of $243 million and free cash flow of $118 million, both of which include the impact of a $109 million tax payment deferred from 2024. Our first quarter performance reflects a continuation of the significant revenue, EBITDA and EPS growth and the free cash flow generation that we have achieved since 2020. Over that period, we have demonstrated our ability to grow organically and maintain a disciplined approach to acquisitions and share repurchases while improving our cash flow profile and return on invested capital. This track record has facilitated our ability to raise debt capital as an investment-grade borrower and efficiently de-lever following opportunistic capital deployment. Accordingly, during the quarter, S&P Global Ratings upgraded our long-term issuer rating to BBB flat from BBB and our short-term issuer rating to A2 from A3. We believe these credit upgrades lower our borrowing costs, expand our liquidity and financing options and strengthen our financial position while supporting our long-term growth strategy. As Duke mentioned, our performance in the first quarter, coupled with the momentum we're seeing across our core markets, have led us to increase our 2025 expectations for revenues by $100 million, adjusted EBITDA by $10 million, and adjusted earnings per share by $0.15. In light of the recent trade policy actions and based on what we understand today, we believe the terms and conditions in our contracts limit our exposure to direct cost increases associated with the currently implemented tariffs. As a result, we believe we have addressed those potential impacts within our range of expectations in our full year 2025 guidance. We are also proactively collaborating with our customers to provide supply chain, process and value-driven solutions focused on cost optimization and growth. Further, we are adjusting our own supply chain by making strategic advanced purchases as well as working with existing suppliers and evaluating digital suppliers in an effort to manage material and equipment costs and product availability. In addition, we believe our full year range of 2025 guidance takes into consideration delays that could result from possible changes to the Inflation Reduction Act or IRA. To-date, we have seen immaterial shifts in capital plans from our sophisticated and high-quality renewable energy customers, who we believe have the supply chain expertise and robust development pipeline to weather near-term impacts from policy disruptions. Demand for power is increasing rapidly. As such, the need for renewable energy generation and storage is strong, and we remain confident in our multiyear CAGR expectations. We are actively engaged with our customers to provide solutions designed to help them navigate the evolving policy and regulatory environment, combining our craft labor capabilities with our engineering, procurement and domestic manufacturing solutions. We believe our increased 2025 financial expectations demonstrate the strength of our portfolio approach to the business, our commitment to our long-term strategy, favorable end markets, and our partnership approach with our customers. From January 1st to the date of this earnings release, we have repurchased approximately $135 million of our common stock, leaving us with approximately $365 million remaining under our existing repurchase authorization. Given our cash flow expectations and the strength of our balance sheet, we expect to remain opportunistic with stock repurchases, while continuing to support strategic investments to generate incremental returns for our stockholders. Additional details and commentary about our 2025 financial guidance can be found in our operational and financial commentary and outlook expectation summary, both of which are posted on our IR website. Also, our first quarter 2025 operational financial commentary includes a new supplemental information table that provides estimated revenue growth opportunities across each of our key markets in 2025, along with the factors influencing those opportunities. Note, this information is a directional estimate that is not intended to replace or exactly align with our guidance for the year. Quanta's strategies are focused on delivering solutions to customers across all of our end markets, and we continue to emphasize the power of our aggregate portfolio of solutions and the cash flow earnings and returns they generate. With that, we are happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now move now to our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ameet Thakkar from BMO Capital Markets. Please unmute your line and ask your question Ameet.
Ameet Thakkar: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Operator: Loud and clear. Please go ahead.
Ameet Thakkar: Thank you very much. Thanks for the time. Just I guess a question maybe that's a little bit off the beaten path, but it looked like the Long Island Power Authority, I guess, floated down your application to kind of be the grid operator there. I just was wondering, was any of that kind of baked into your guidance for this year? And then my second question is that sort of kind of grid operator role, is that something you envision doing more of in other jurisdictions? Thanks.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thank you. So, first off, the life of -- when we looked at it, look, it's an opportunity where we perform this type of arrangement in as well. It's a little different than the one in Puerto Rico. But as we see opportunities to look at these type of arrangements, yes, we will look at them. And I think what the -- what they did yesterday was management -- the management team voted for Quanta. I thought it was very well done, a very good process. The Board did not take the recommendation, but gave no remedy. So, I think from our standpoint, we'll clarify with the Board, their concerns, certainly much different than what we faced in Puerto Rico, where we built utility essentially. So, much, much different. And I think we'll be able to basically give them the feedback that it's necessary. I could understand where they were coming from. If not -- having not talked to us, and we'll get in front of that and see what happens there. And these opportunities happen, we get asked to do a lot of different things as we differentiate ourselves in the market. So, I do think you'll continue to see outliers that you may not hear about every other -- every day, but we're not a utility. We understand that. We support them, and there'll be opportunities every now and then we get involved in these kind of arrangements.
Jayshree Desai: And yes, it was not -- this was not anticipated in our guide.
Duke Austin: No.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Andy Kaplowitz from Citi Research. If you'd like to unmute yourself and ask your question please Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning everyone.
Jayshree Desai: Hello.
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Andy Kaplowitz: Duke, you mentioned the largest expansion of high-voltage transmission, I think you said in generation. Maybe you could elaborate on that and how you think this cycle plays out. Do you see a bigger slug of transmission projects starting to actually move forward now, as I'm sure you saw recent developments in Texas with the big line being improved? And would you expect to continue to see sequential backlog growth moving forward despite all the macro uncertainty out there?
Duke Austin: Yes. You need transmission in order to move generation. And so we've said this all along. I think you have to think about it. You hear a lot about the grid, only at 60% capacity, things like that. But I go and say, we have a freeway here in Texas that goes from San Antonio to Houston, it's 24 lanes here in Houston. It's about probably 50% full because you see it in the mornings and the afternoons. If I took eight lanes out, it would back all the way up to San Antonio, I never get in the East. So, you have to look at it like that, that the grid needs the stability of transmission going to load sources and going into data centers, things of that nature. We continue to see firm demand and then hundreds of gigs, honestly, across the board. And so as we see that as it firms up, that's transmission behind it. And I don't think off grid is the answer. I think it will be primarily on grid for our utility customers. And this is a big bill I would relate it back to 70s when you had major expansion within your transmission system. And that's what we see. It's -- I've not seen a line yet that's built -- I mean, North America has not paid itself back very quickly at this point. So, you'll see a lot of it for the ultimate customer, it's the right answer, and you'll continue to see a lot of transmission.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks Duke.
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question Andy. Our next question is from Phil Shen from ROTH Capital. If you'd like to unmute yourself and ask your question please Phil. [Operator Instructions] It looks like we're having a problem with Philip there. If we could go to Joe Osha from Guggenheim Partners. If you'd like to unmute yourself and ask your question please Joseph.
Joe Osha: There we go, can you hear me?
Operator: Loud and clear. Please go ahead.
Joe Osha: Okay. Thank you and good morning. We have seen a lot in terms of incremental tariffs being imposed on imports for solar modules. And yes, this is something that came up when First Solar reported earlier this week. Is this materializing as a problem for any of your customers at all to the extent you're hearing about it? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thanks for the question. We have not seen that within our customer base. We certainly are keeping our eyes on it listening. We're not seeing -- we're not seeing the pull in. We're not seeing push out per se. I think 2025 is baked into 2026. So, we'll continue to look at it, but it's not affecting us at this point. And I would say this too, the company is built to have pushouts. It's not -- the portfolio allows us to have things move along with service lines and our customer base. So, it's not an issue if something pushes here or there. It's never -- the company -- I'm not -- I wish it would perform at 100%, but we're doing really good if we get 80% kind of online and at the times that we think they're going because you're always going to have pushes and pulls. So, the tariffs, if they were to come in and affect us, I do believe the portfolio is such that we could weather much of it. And we see multiyear builds coming at us, and I do think solar is the cheapest form of energy for -- in many ways, and you'll see a lot of solar build and gas and about everything we can build probably.
Joe Osha: Thank you.
Duke Austin:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Philip Shen. If you are unmuted, if you could go ahead and ask your question please.
Philip Shen: Hi, can you hear me okay?
Operator: Yes, go ahead.
Philip Shen: Okay, great. Hey. Sorry about that, having trouble with the Zoom. So, first question is on interconnection work. We recently hosted a webinar with grid strategies, and they highlighted that 50 gigawatts of coal plants may not be decommissioned. And this could result in tens of billions of interconnection work proximate to coal plants stranded as the renewable projects planning to access, eco interconnection points could be at risk. What are your thoughts on this potential? And how could this impact your backlog? And then second one, very quick one on the renewables subsegment, if you will. If you were to think about your total megawatts of construction starts in 2025 now, that you expect compared with what you expected for those 2025 construction starts at year-end 2024. Has that changed at all? Or has it remained steady? Thanks guys.
Duke Austin: Yes. I'll go backwards. Look, I think it's steady. It's certainly not the pace of growth over last year, but it's steady and climbing. I like where we sit with that business. We're doing very well with battery, solar, even onshore wind. So I like what we're seeing. I think the inbounds are good. It's -- if you want power quickly, you're going to have to look at renewables for the next three years because of the deliveries, but I do think it's always going to be a part of the grid. And -- we've always said natural gas will be a big piece of it. We've said that for a decade. We're going to catch up a little bit here, and it will be a part. As far as coal, not a lot of investment in coal over the last call it, 10 years. And it cost a lot of money to run coal plants right now. So there's not been that investment in them. And most thought they were going to retire, so you got to keep them going. That said, yes, I do think we're going to either see some colocations in areas where they'll build gas on a gold site, and you're going to need transmission or you're going to continue to see transmission come out of coal facilities to upgrade. But look, it's -- I don't think there's any shortage of projects on the wall, I'll say that. They all go and we've got a lot of work for the next two decades. So -- but I think we got it either way.
Operator: Thank you for your question Philip. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Truist Securities. If you'd like to unmute yourself and ask your question please. [Operator Instructions]
Jamie Cook: Hi, can you hear me now?
Operator: That’s great. Fire away.
Jamie Cook: Sorry about that. So, a nice quarter, and congrats on the transmission upgrade win this morning. I guess just my first question, just as I think about understanding you guys have a targeted margin range for your electric infrastructure business or what we're calling it now. But just pushing you as you continue to win larger projects in the mix towards larger CapEx projects versus maintenance sort of continues. Why wouldn't that create a positive upward momentum on your margins to some degree, even though you might not want to guide there over the longer term, but I would think in the next sort of 12 to 18 or 24 months, the margin trajectory should be higher. So just what your pushback would be on that? And then my second question, I'm sorry, I'm going through multiple earnings this morning. I don't think you provided an update on Cupertino about how that business is doing versus your expectations for 2025? And then, Duke, I think last quarter, you suggested there are some very large wins on the come as you benefit from synergies with Cupertino and Quanta. I'm just wondering if you could update us on that and any potential wins on revenue synergy side in 2025? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thanks Jamie. I think the target margins, they remain -- what we've said -- if you're adding 4,000 employees, we're pacing even more than that at this point, you're going to have the training cost in there. And so the training costs will keep the margins about where they're at. They could move a bit here or there in the upper ends of what we've said. I know that it's a different segment. But you can infer the electric what it used to be and then prior to some uplift on the segment. But I do think we're executing very well in the field and we're proud of kind of first quarter over last year versus this year and what we've been able to do at scale. So, the biggest thing is to scale the business, and we're doing that nicely now. We are seeing more material pull-through as well at the same margins, return on invested capital is going to come through higher. So, I think the returns go up as well in this market. But again, I mean, I think we want to be a solution provider and provide more services and create more value along the supply chain. So, we're going to do that. Cupertino is ahead of schedule. I think you can infer that about backlog and some of the things we're doing there, it's ahead. So we're really from our standpoint, great business. I've been around a bunch of acquisitions. And I would tell you, it's in the top five from my standpoint as far as having a good acquisition that we can lean into and scale, they're there. We're getting synergies all the time. I do think you're going to see big award out of that because the technology, when we think through your total addressable market on technologies, call it, $300 billion a year. That's global, so called let's just call it, $200 billion in North America. And the utility business is about $250 billion. So, it's as big as an addressable market for us and we're less than probably 5% in backlog in technology. So we're just starting. I see opportunity-after-opportunity. Can we execute it? Can we go get it? I like our chances.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ati Modak from Goldman Sachs. Ati, if you'd like to unmute yourself and ask your question.
Ati Modak: Yes, thank you. Hey Duke spoke about the transmission opportunity broadly earlier. But in the supplemental disclosure, you kind of noted that the larger projects are becoming increasingly visible. Can you talk about that visibility, what stages do you see these at? And then when should we expect these to show up in the backlog? How should we think about revenue and margin impact from that?
Duke Austin: I mean I think you're hearing it. There's 765 builds across the country. You've heard that. Someone just mentioned coal. I hadn't heard that one yet. So that's good even -- but I think you have to look at the RTOs of what they're saying, your MISOs, our PJMs, and you can hear in all the auctions that are there, you can hear that as well as the CapEx spend. And I know there's disclaimer where generation is going to replace transmission, that couldn't be more false. So, that's just wrong. I don't know how else to say it. I'm with them every day, I'm on the ground. I hear it, that's wrong. So that's a policy. Transmission will be very robust here. and distribution will be fine. It won't grow as fast on transmission, but it's here. And so those are the places I would point to where you can see large transmission getting built. We're in early stages of it. At the very early stages. And I do think you'll continue to see a stack work over the next five years. Now, I'll leave it there.
Ati Modak: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Fisher from UBS. Please go ahead and unmute yourself and ask your question please Steven.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to ask you, Duke, in terms of your solution strategy, how would you characterize the white space from here based on kind of what you're hearing from your customers about the solutions that they need, and I guess from an M&A perspective, is 2025 more of a kind of a continued fill in the white space kind of year? Or is this sort of a digest what you have at the moment kind of year?
Duke Austin: Thanks Steve. I'll go backwards on it. Good question. So when we look at M&A, we can't time it. And as we see great companies that fit the strategic rationale that we're looking for, we'll lean into them. I can't tell you the pace. I can tell you there's a lot of inbounds that we see really nice companies out there have opportunities all the time to look at them. So, as we see them, as if they fit the rationale, we'll certainly try to lean into them, not concerned with our balance sheet at this point. We'll always back it. But I'm not seeing us stress it at this point. So, that -- all things are on the table. You saw us buy $134 million worth of stock back this year as it got disconnected. We said we would, we did. You can expect us to acquire when we see great companies as well. And I forgot the first part of the question.
Jayshree Desai: White space--
Duke Austin: So, I think -- I tried to -- in the paragraph try to explain I think if you're isolated on a service line, you're a contractor, if you can put them all together and go perform a service, you're providing a solution. So we're looking in areas where the customers struggling to ramp. And we're able to do multiple service lines for them, whether it be engineering, whether it be procurement. Each customer has a different set of, I guess, needs. And so we're really trying to do more than just be a service line provider or a contractor. And that's in my way of saying that's a solution because I'm going to listen to what they have to offer and collaborate with them, get very sticky in their organization, and then trust us to go build it on time, on budget with their own labor. I think us still performing 85% of the business in that self-perform capability, and that's certainty that we give a client bankable as far as investment grade. We check the boxes and why wouldn't you want to us to do it all is what I would say.
Steven Fisher: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead and unmute yourself and ask your question please Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Can you hear me?
Duke Austin: Hey Steve.
Operator: Loud and clear. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you. A little more specific on the transmission question, just the Texas just approved the 765 kV plan. Any sense on when that would actually be a business that could be backlog and just view of likelihood of you getting a fair share of that?
Duke Austin: Yes, Steve, we built a lot of the 765 in the country, and the majority of it over time. And so I do believe it's a core competency of ours to build it. So I always like our chances when we're building 765. We've been in front of this a long time. I'm not surprised by the amount of it. I'm not surprised by the inbound discussions. We're doing some things there that I think are unique with the client. So I think we're in good shape. I would say I'd be surprised if it's not in the third quarter or maybe early fourth quarter, you would start to see us have the opportunities to book work.
Steve Fleishman: One other quick question, a very simple one, just the upgrade in guidance midpoint for the year, is that just first quarter beating your expectations? Or is there anything you'd specifically point to for raising the midpoint?
Duke Austin: I mean we were looking at the whole year and how we see it laying out. I thought we had a nice quarter. I felt like we're trying to be prudent about the back half with everything moving around. But the way we see it laying out and the way the work is flowing and the things that we know, I felt comfortable enough to move it a bit just to show confidence in the business and as well as where we think we're going to end up for the year. And I do still think we're prudent about how we're looking at it. I think there's a lot of opportunity for us. If you ask me to kind of look at the high side of the range and the low side of the range, I would lean to the high side for sure.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you, Steve. Our next question is from Mike Dudas from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead and unmute yourself and ask your question please Michael.
Mike Dudas: Good morning everybody.
Duke Austin: Morning.
Mike Dudas: Duke, maybe you can share you've seen the strategic benefits from your increasing your own supply chain access for your clients. And as you're looking to help them access elsewhere, what are the dynamics of -- because I'm sure everybody plus three is trying to figure out similar solutions. How is that market and the dynamics there? And how your internal opportunities are helping you provide better, more of those solutions on it? And is that part of what you'll be looking for on the acquisition front over the next several quarters?
Duke Austin: Yes, Mike. So, the transformers, I think, that we acquired, we did it on purpose. It was purposeful. It was U.S.-based. I was concerned -- we were concerned with China and the amount of China transformers that were in utility systems. So that concern led us to U.S.-based transformers in Pittsburgh. It was a 100-year-old company with a lot of IP. It allows -- allowed to expand. It had UL codes across the country. It's not easy to have transformer manufacturing of the class of, call it, 138 up to 765. So -- if we can do that, if we can execute through there. We're not trying to be a manufacturer per se. We want to get the pull through. We want to do the work. So we do have great, what I would consider relationships with other transformer manufacturers, breaker manufacturers, and we'll keep those as well. But we've learned a lot about our supply chain internally with our EPC business. So I do think we're able to really have a solution base to clients as they come in. It is a core competency. It's something now where it was -- it used to be labor equipment, labor equipment supply chain. And if we get -- if we continue down the path and get it right over and over again, we'll get better internally and externally. So I really like what we're doing there. I think it's -- our clients like it, and we're able to really expand the business through that mechanism.
Mike Dudas: Thanks Duke.
Duke Austin: Sure.
Operator: Thanks Michael. Our next question is from Justin Hauke from Robert W. Baird. If you'd like to unmute your line and ask your question please Justin.
Justin Hauke: Yes, great. Thank you. Good morning everybody. I guess I have one maybe larger question and then I got just a small technical one. But I guess on the large 500 kV line that you announced this morning, starting in mid-2026. I was just hoping maybe you could give us some perspective on kind of the size or scope of that, particularly as that's coming on or starting kind of as you're ramping down on SunZia, so just trying to understand kind of maybe the relative size between those two? And then also, what's the status and risk on the permitting side, given that that's not starting construction for another year or so, just what needs to happen. And then my small technical one for Jayshree, I guess, is the two acquisitions in the quarter. I just wanted to confirm those are the ones you announced last quarter on the earnings release, they weren't incremental ones. So are there any incremental acquisitions as part of the guidance increase? Thank you.
Jayshree Desai: I'll quickly answer that and let Duke answer the other question. But yes, those are the two acquisitions we announced last quarter, and there are no additional ones at this stage.
Duke Austin: And as far as the LADWP line, that is public. So, I will give you some -- you can go look at it, but it's $1 billion plus. And that's the only reason I'm going to give it to you because it's public. But -- so I think from that standpoint, I do think the permitting and things like that are on target, and we'll be getting into it in 2026.
Justin Hauke: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks for your question Justin. Our next one is from Adam Thalhimer. If you'd like to unmute your line and ask your question please.
Adam Thalhimer: Good morning guys. Nice quarter. I wanted to ask about the pipeline market. Are you seeing anything interesting in the long-term bidding or planning Duke that would make you think that 2026 could be a recovery year for large pipe?
Duke Austin: Look, I think there's more opportunity for certain. You're hearing the President and get behind more pipe, more drilling, more pipe, more drilling. So I do think that's out there. Obviously, shippers are in our pipeline customers. We've maintained all kinds of discussions going on. I don't think it -- from my standpoint, we need some pipe, obviously, with the amount of natural gas on the book. Books for combined cycles, things of that nature, especially on the Eastern Seaboard. So, I do think you'll get some built. I don't -- I just don't think the business is going to be super -- I mean LNG takeaways is good. it will be better, and we're looking forward to capturing some of that work. But again, I think very difficult still to build linear construction pipelines.
Adam Thalhimer: Thanks Duke.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Sangita Jain from KeyBanc. If you'd like to unmute your line and ask your question please Sangita.
Sangita Jain: Hi. I'm not sure if you can hear me yet.
Operator: We can hear you, please go ahead.
Sangita Jain: Great. Thank you. Just a couple of questions. One, maybe for Duke. Some companies have recently alluded to the lack of a good workforce to execute on natural gas generation projects on time and on budget. Since you have the largest draft labor force would you consider -- or what would you need to consider branching out into natural gas generation EPC to help your customers?
Duke Austin: Yes, I mean I -- thank you for the question. I do think it's something that is not -- it's needed. We have what I would consider a contractor approach where we have the sum of the parts. We've built them before. We can certainly have a resume to build on. The way I would characterize it is if we decide to do that and if we lean into them, we're not taking risk. There is too much risk on the unknowns of the new turbines and things of that nature. We'll just shy away from the risk, and we can grow the business nicely without the risk. That's how I would look at it.
Sangita Jain: And another one, maybe it's for Jayshree. So, your revenue performance this quarter was really strong. Book-to-bill was kind of 1. And I'm wondering if that is a sign of the times that your customers are more willing to do faster turnaround projects versus taking longer to both large projects?
Jayshree Desai: No, I don't think you should read anything into that, Sangita. I think it's just normal timing around our backlog. We're pleased with how the backlog is growing, as Duke talked about, the relationships with our customers just keep getting stronger and stronger. And so we see growth across project-based MSA work. It's across the board. And so I think there's nothing more to read to it than just timing around those things.
Duke Austin: I also think some of the work that Cupertino books, when you look at it, it's very programmatic, almost base business type work, and it's book-to-bill almost in months. So nice jobs but it comes in 10 million to 50 million type spurts. And that's the way that, that business has gone. So they can book to bill quite a bit any given quarter. And that's same with most of the businesses. You'll get a lot of that when that happens. But I still believe you'll see a lot of programmatic, MSA renewals are there. They're larger. So, I continue to think that the backlog will be at record levels.
Sangita Jain: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Drew Chamberlain from JPMorgan. If you'd like to unmute your line, Drew, and ask your question please.
Drew Chamberlain: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to look a little deeper into what's hitting the backlog on the power generation side. I mean, can you kind of talk through what's coming in between solar, storage and wind? And then how have conversations with customers may be changed since the tariffs have been announced, particularly on storage. And I appreciate that 2025 probably has some pretty good visibility on what's going to be installed and put in place. But are you worried at all about tariff impact to 2026, 2027 projects where equipment is not yet in the States?
Duke Austin: Yes. Look, I worry about everything. And so -- but I would tell you, the business is set well past 2026. So I'm worried about 2027, 2028, 2029. And I think what we see is a good visibility in supply and demand. And that supply side is not going to match demand without renewables. It's not going close. And you need the renewables to match the demand. You need them. And I just under any scenario, you can't see yourself not building solar and scale and utility scale solar for a long period of time here. It makes so much sense. Batteries or shave in peak, I looked at some load growth and some graphs in Texas of how it's shaping peak quite a bit in Texas. So, it's making a lot of sense. And you can see it showing up. And so from a flexibility standpoint to the grid, if you can back it with natural gas and you can have a line with natural gas, solar, wind, even and battery on it. it's the lowest cost of energy to the consumer. And that's what you really -- you'll hear a lot about addressable spend. You can say, hey, we're going to put coal on, but no one looks at the cost or we're going to put nuke on, but the cost is going to be a factor here at some point. And so we got to look at the most economical ways to fill the lineup. And I think if you have a blended resource like we've had for the last five decades. As long as you look at it all forms of energy, you'll be in good shape. But when you ask us what we're booking, we're booking all of it, repowers in the wind side, some win work. It's probably off a bit, but our solar is more robust and our batteries is even more robust than our solar. So I like where we sit in the business.
Drew Chamberlain: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Drew. Our next question comes from Brian Brophy from Stifel Nicolaus. If you'd like to unmute your line and ask your question please Brian.
Brian Brophy: Thanks. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Operator: We can. Please go ahead.
Brian Brophy: Thank you. Under the new kind of key market disclosure, there's a technology and load center bucket there. Can you help us understand what is all in there? Is that primarily Cupertino? And what's driving that particularly strong growth rate this year?
Jayshree Desai: Yes. That is a lot of the work that Cupertino is doing. It's around -- but it's also some of the work we -- legacy Quanta around our inside electric work and data centers, semiconductors, chip plants, it's all of that will be captured in that bucket.
Duke Austin: Yes, I think that's kind of the -- when we talked about TAM earlier, we were saying it was kind of $300 billion, which I think is a remarkable number that technology on infrastructure is going to spend $300 billion this year, and then probably more next. So, in saying that, that's that bucket.
Brian Brophy: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Laura Maher from B. Riley. If you'd like to unmute your line and ask your question please Laura.
Laura Maher: Hi, can you hear me okay?
Operator: We can, please go ahead.
Laura Maher: Thanks for taking the question. Two questions. My first one is just with the growth of data centers, which stages of data center build are you seeing the most activity in? And then the second one would just be -- could you provide any color on the underground business and particularly how it relates to potential tailwinds ramping up with the new administration and the pull away from renewables?
Duke Austin: Yes. So I would say on the last part of the question, I missed the first maybe Jayshree heard. But on the underground side of the business, there's opportunities in large diameter pipe. You're in the administration get behind that. I do think natural gas is coming back in certain places where you are building the natural gas. We never really stopped. But I do think you can plan a bit better that natural gas long period of time. That will be a source of energy. And then our LDC business is nice. We'll continue to give people options. It's not going to be all electric. They'll have natural gas options. So, I do see that as continuing to be a nice piece of the business. Canada year-over-year is off on a big pipe. So it's down. I do see Canada coming back in this market. I mean given the fact that the tariffs at Canada up, we do need infrastructure in Canada. They do need to build energy sources, and I think you'll see a more robust Canada over the next few years, that business will come back. So I go to see up there as well. Yes. I mean it's certainly incrementally better than it was. Our industrial business performed probably at record levels in the first quarter, very close to it. And it's a nice quarter. So, I like the quarter from that standpoint. There's growth there. We like it. We'll continue to invest in it. In the first part, I'm sorry, I missed it.
Jayshree Desai: I think the first part is on data center group, if I heard that right.
Duke Austin: Was it where it's at, the data center growth, is that the question?
Laura Maher: At which data centers are you seeing the most activity in with data center builds?
Duke Austin: Yes, I mean it's broad-based. I would say anywhere you can find a line that has 300 megawatts as they want a data center. So Ohio, Indiana, Virginia all the way through Arizona. I mean even California, if you look at it. If you go off, I was out in the West, if you're off-grid, it's extremely expensive. So California has a lot of areas where you could put data centers. It's not near as expensive in California than off-grid. So, it makes sense to build in California even. So we're seeing a lot of it to the West. But there's not a place that I know of that we provide services to that doesn't have data centers planned or planned and paid for, for that matter.
Laura Maher: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, Laura. There are no more questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thank you. I want to thank our 61,000-plus employees who are the very best in the world. We couldn't do this without them. They make our lives easier and make our jobs easy. And I want to thank everyone participating on the conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow management's prepared remarks, and we ask that you please hold all questions until that time. I will then provide instructions for the question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations, for introductory remarks. Thank you, and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website quantaservices.com. This morning, we also posted our fourth quarter and full year 2024 operational and financial commentary and our 2025 outlook expectation summary on Quanta's investor relations website. While management will make brief introductory remarks during this morning's call, the operational and financial commentary is intended to largely replace management's prepared remarks, allowing additional time for questions from the institutional investment community. Please remember that any information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 20, 2025, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of the call. This call will include forward-looking statements and information intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events, financial performance that do not solely relate to historical and current facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We'll also present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release and operational and financial commentary. Please refer to these documents for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Lastly, please sign up for email alerts through the investor relations section of quantaservices.com to receive notifications of news releases and other information and follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. This morning, we reported our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results, which included double-digit growth in revenues and earnings, and a number of record financial metrics. Total backlog at year-end was $34.5 billion. Notably, the renewable energy infrastructure solutions segment's twelve-month and total backlog achieved all-time highs. Our ability to deliver consistent profitable growth is a testament to the strength of our portfolio approach, a diversified solutions-based strategy that enables us to adapt to evolving industry dynamics while delivering mission-critical infrastructure. Quanta has produced record revenues seven of the last eight years, seven consecutive years of record adjusted EBITDA, and eight consecutive years of record adjusted diluted earnings per share. These results were made possible by more than 58,000 dedicated employees and our industry-leading operational and financial platform. 2024 was another successful year for Quanta strategically, operationally, and financially. While there are always areas for improvement, we are proud of our many accomplishments during this year, and we continue to look forward with excitement towards the multiyear strategic initiatives we are working on and the goals we expect to achieve in this and the coming years. We continue to see significant opportunity to advance our growth strategy and are pacing well against our multiyear financial targets, including double-digit EPS growth and double-digit returns. Our strategic initiatives are enhancing our service lines and capabilities while also expanding our customer base and therefore enlarging our total addressable market opportunity for both organic growth and strategic capital deployment. The energy infrastructure landscape is undergoing a fundamental transformation, and Quanta is positioned at its center. Utilities across the United States are experiencing and forecasting meaningful increases in power demand for the first time in two decades, driven by the adoption of new technologies and related infrastructure, including data centers and artificial intelligence. The energy transition and policies intended to strategically reinforce domestic manufacturing and supply chain resources. This increasing demand, coupled with tightening power generation capacity, underscores the urgent need for large-scale grid modernization and energy infrastructure development. Quanta's portfolio approach uniquely positions us to support our clients as they navigate this evolving landscape. Our diversified service lines, self-perform capabilities, and craft skill workforce give us the flexibility to deploy resources where they create the most value across geographies, industries, and service lines. We believe our collaborative solution-based approach is valued by our clients more than ever. We are positioning Quanta for decades of expected necessary infrastructure investment. I believe our service line diversity creates platforms for growth that expand our total addressable market. Our portfolio approach and focus on craft skill labor is a strategic advantage. It provides us the ability to manage risk and shift resources across service lines and geographies, which we believe will become increasingly important as load growth, electrification, and the energy transition accelerates. We believe our portfolio approach positions us well to allocate resources to opportunities we find the most economically attractive and to achieve operating efficiencies and consistent financial results. I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta's CFO, to provide a few remarks about our results and 2025 guidance, and then we will take your questions. Hey, Jayshree.
Jayshree Desai: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Quanta completed the year with fourth quarter revenues of $6.6 billion, net income attributable to common stock of $305.1 million, or $2.03 per diluted share, and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.94. Adjusted EBITDA was $737.8 million, or 11.3% of revenues. Of note, our cash flow in the fourth quarter and for the full year exceeded the upper end of our free cash flow guidance expectations. For the fourth quarter and full year of 2024, we had free cash flow of $575.4 million and $1.6 billion, respectively, with our full-year free cash flow a record. Our earnings and cash flow performance allowed us to end the fourth quarter with ample liquidity, a balance sheet that supports both our organic growth expectations and the opportunistic investment of capital to generate incremental returns for our stockholders. To that end, subsequent to the end of 2024, we acquired two companies for aggregate upfront consideration of approximately $562 million of cash and stock. This morning, we provided our full-year 2025 financial expectations, which call for another year of profitable growth with record revenues, improved margins, and opportunity for double-digit growth in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share. We believe our expectations demonstrate the strength of our portfolio approach to the business, our commitment to our long-term strategy, our favorable end-market trends, and our competitive position in the marketplace. As mentioned in our earnings release, beginning with the three months ending March 31, 2025, we will report our results under two reportable segments: electric infrastructure solutions and underground utility and infrastructure solutions. The new electric infrastructure solutions segment combines the previous electric power infrastructure solutions and renewable energy infrastructure solutions segments. This new segment reporting reflects how the business is managed, resources are allocated, and better reflects the positioning of our strategies and comprehensive solutions for our growing and increasingly converging addressable markets. Additional details and commentary about 2025 financial guidance can be found in our operational and financial commentary and outlooks expectation summary, both of which are posted on our IR website. In summary, we are executing well on our strategic plan and are pacing well against our multiyear financial targets, including double-digit EPS growth and double-digit returns. We ended 2024 with record backlog, and our end markets have never been better, and we see opportunity for further strength in the coming years. With that, we are happy to answer your questions. Operator, thank you.
Operator: We will now move to our question and answer session. We ask that all participants limit themselves to one question. If you have additional questions, you may re-queue, and those questions will be addressed time permitting. If you have joined via the webinar, please use the raise hand icon, which can be found in the bottom of your webinar application. If you have joined by phone, please dial star nine to raise your hand. When you are called on, please unmute your line and ask your question. We will now pause a moment to assemble the queue. Our first question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chad Dillard: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Duke Austin: Morning. Morning.
Chad Dillard: So just a big picture question here. So what does the shift from investing in training data centers to inference mean for Quanta and the broader grid? Is there any difference in labor needs, design approach, grid use? You know, is it a positive, negative, or net neutral?
Duke Austin: I mean, when we look at data centers and what it does, like, before AI, there was still significant demand. After AI, there's more demand. How much demand? I don't know. What I do see is we see firm commitments of generation at our customer level. You can look at it. You can point to it. It's well over fifty gigs. In a hundred gigs, honestly. So when you see those types of demand on energy, the type of data centers and how you're looking at it, we're not looking at it in that way. We're just seeing the demand on our infrastructure. So we know, we just see a great market there. And from deep seek to AI chips and what that does, we're not concerned with that at this point. We just see that demand that's firm.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And just a second question just on the recent M&A that you guys did. So I guess first of all, like, what sort of revenue contribution should we be baking in for 2025? And then on the civil business, how are you thinking about the mix of business going forward? Is this meant to support, you know, Quanta's core business, or are there gonna be other, like, ancillary verticals that you're gonna be operating in? And then on the Australia expansion, I guess, like, what's your long-term view on Australia as, you know, an attractive market and, you know, I guess, what is the market structure and how's the quantification there with this acquisition?
Duke Austin: The civil aqua solution business, I think from my standpoint, the DNA, the culture of the company, we've known them a long time, known them for decades, passed by their office my whole career. So I know the family. It's a great family business. It fits our DNA, and it also is something that the company itself has synergies against that, you know, obviously, we don't put those in the deal. I feel like when we look at those solutions that we can provide, it gives us a holistic approach. Our customers are asking for it. We can deliver it on a holistic basis and really add value to the overall solutions of what we're trying to accomplish. If you look at a thousand-acre solar site, look at a thousand-acre, ten-thousand-acre data center. You look at all the things that we do and try to provide solutions to, whether it's LNG sites. It doesn't matter. We will take the assets, the people, which are the core to it, and go and deliver against our own business as well as others. So it's a solution that people are asking for, and we want to be holistic when we look at it. Self-perform more capabilities and give ourselves the more flexibility as we look at the markets. In Australia, I'm continuing to invest in Australia. The front side of the business down there is something that we've said all along and would continue to invest in. Great companies, great markets. We're market leaders in the renewable business down in Australia. We like it long-term and feel like we can continue to invest in the country. So great rule of law and obviously gives us a lot of flexibility. So we're excited about that market as well. I'll let Jayshree comment on the revenues.
Jayshree Desai: We don't contribute. We're not gonna discuss any individual acquisition, but we'll tell you that the two acquisitions, the majority of it is captured in our U, U, and I segment, and we did give you guidance in that around what the inorganic contribution in our guide is related to that.
Chad Dillard: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ati Modak with Goldman Sachs. Please unmute and ask your question.
Ati Modak: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, team. Maybe I was wondering if you can provide some color on the margin performance in the electric power segment, the factors that drove that, and how much of the margin improvement should we consider as structural going forward?
Duke Austin: Yeah. I mean, we executed well in the quarter. We've done, you know, some acquisitions there with Cupertino that are in this segment. Obviously, it had a lower margin profile, but a better return. So I do think when we look at it, the margins that we've stated in the past, ten and a half, eleven type framework, twelve on the outer years, where if you got a lot of utilizations and things of that nature in the business. But in general, we sat all along. It was back half loaded. We felt like the electric business will be strong in the second half. It was. You know, I can only say that we have the field and the personnel that we've had out there and the structures that we put together is what's delivering it. And I think as we see the markets, we will continue to deliver earnings in the ten and a half, eleven range in this segment. That's basically where we're at and where we'll be on a go-forward basis. So I think no matter what we do in that segment, that's kinda how you should look at the framework going forward. Yeah. It'll be some years that are above it due to some factors here or there. But given what we see in the market, that's kind of the framework we see going forward to an eleven percent.
Jayshree Desai: Yeah. I think also just to add to if you look at our electric segment, you're seeing us at ten over ten percent, and that's after taking into consideration that we have reduced storm from where we were in 2024. It takes out the Peru impact. And even with that, we're still in double-digit segment revenue. And I think that you should take comfort that we're gonna continue operating at that level. And the performance of the company from last year is gonna go into 2025 as well.
Ati Modak: Makes sense. Thank you, Jayshree.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jamie Cook with Truist Securities. Appears you're on a phone, Jamie. Star six will allow you to unmute.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Can you hear me?
Duke Austin: Yes.
Jamie Cook: Oh, hey. Thanks, guys. I guess my first question, Duke, if you could frame, you know, the expectations for backlog growth in 2025 and in particular, can you talk to potential synergies or big awards that could be coup? I know you guys were very successful, you know, with revenue synergies associated with Blattner. I'm just trying to understand, you know, what's going on with Cupertino and is that an opportunity for larger awards in 2025? But my second question, Jayshree, just and I'm sorry if you miss this. I know I'm a cash flow guide, you sort of talked to it being more back-end loaded. Just how do we think about first half versus back half and what's driving that?
Duke Austin: Yeah. Thanks, Jamie. I think when we look at the business in totality, when we value these platform companies, we don't build synergies into, you know, the discussions that we have or the way we value them. But what we do see is when the total adjustable markets of TAMs on the business are something that goes unnoticed, the customer base goes unnoticed, those synergies show up. And you've seen them with Blattner, as we've gotten farther along in the balance of plant, the things that we're able to do with these type customers because there's convergence between technology, utilities, and the way we look at the data centers. And so the way that we're looking at the business certainly looks different. And those markets are different. If you just look at the tech CapEx and you look at utility CapEx. Utility CapEx is $200 billion plus. And then now technology is $300 billion plus, but probably just call it $150 billion in North America. The addressable markets that Quanta serves and how we converge in the nexus or the middle of it really puts us in a different position on larger projects. So I expect our backlog to be at record levels. It could CAGR at record levels. It wouldn't surprise me. But I do expect us to be at record levels throughout the year. I can't tell you exactly, you know, how the backlog books, so I can't tell you exactly when that'll happen. But what I see, bigger projects, our ability to perform solutions, something that's unnoticed to the investment community. We are a solutions provider. I'll say it again. Solutions provider. And what we do in those solutions that we provide and how we collaborate with that customer will allow us to, and our addressable markets are only getting bigger. So it just allows us more. And I think see it. We see it showing up. Super excited about where we sit and the strategies that we have going forward against solution-based, you know, how we use craft skill and engineering in that solution. So, yeah, I mean, I fully expect us to book larger projects, but we'll continue the base business. We are not taking our eye off that either.
Jayshree Desai: Hey, Jamie. Yeah. On a free cash flow, it's our typical profile, Jamie. It'll be back half weighted. Wouldn't expect too much in the first half, just given the nature of how our business operates. So I think you'll see similar cadence to what we've done the last couple of years.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stephen Fisher with UBS. Please unmute and ask your question.
Stephen Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. It was helpful to have the guidance for upper single-digit growth in generation versus the mid-singles and high and low voltage. Just curious directionally, if you can give us a sense of what those growth rates were in 2024 so we can kinda see how it compares year over year, and then just kinda looking beyond 2025 conceptually, do you think generation should still grow kind of above the high and low voltage rate for the next couple of years? Or is this sort of like the renewables piece kinda driving generation, which is gonna slow down while the grid part should be accelerating, and those streams will cross, if you will?
Duke Austin: Yes, Steve. I mean, I think you're seeing growth across the business. You're seeing that the APS sign at the midpoint, what is it? Sixteen percent? At the midpoint of EPS. You're seeing growth on the top line, call it organic growth six to seven. Ten percent if you look at the whole company on the top. So we're seeing growth. We're one of the reasons that we're going to one segment is how we run the business. And we feel like that the convergence of the business, we spoke a lot last year around T and D. Actually, I explained it for four months. That our transmission distribution crews cross segments. It was very confusing to the investment community. It's not how we run the business. So we put it together. So for us to go in and tell you how much generation growth or, you know, what is that? Because there's substation. There's all kinds of different things. Our people cross from data centers to chip plants to hospitals, clean rooms. We move all across. We're gonna optimize our people against the markets. We're not making any specific manufacture, you know, anything manufacturing where it's only specific to one segment or one TAM. I mean, we're addressing across a large customer base. So we like the way we're set up. And we're not gonna get into guidance on little pieces of the segment because it doesn't matter to us. What matters is the markets are growing, all the business is growing, we're putting up at the midpoint of the range, ten plus. You see growth all across it. So we feel like that all the markets that we're in are growing, and we can move and be nimble across them and provide those solutions that we've discussed when we go forward basis, how we're gonna run the business, how we're gonna talk about the business. And we have growth, and we see growth. You can see the backlog. I welcome you to look at the backlog and see what we put up in the renewable segment alone, which I believe we said that last quarter that we would put it up, and we did. And those kind of numbers are staying there, and they're not just twelve-month backlog. It's long-term backlog in the twenty-six, twenty-seven, and twenty-eight. So we see growth. I think you can comfort yourself on the demand you see for generation. It's just a supply and demand issue. We've said this. Like, the demand on generation, it doesn't matter. It's gonna be renewables. It's gonna be gas-fired generation. It's gonna continue, and you can see it. It's right there, and then we're talking about it daily. So we're optimistic. Like the growth. We're not gonna get into the little pieces of the segment. That's not who we are. We're a solution provider.
Stephen Fisher: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Julien Dumoulin Smith with Jefferies.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Excellent. Good morning, everyone. Thank you very, very much for the time. I appreciate it. Maybe just to come back to that last point here briefly, just on the renewable front real quickly. As you think about some of the headlines here under the new administration, can you speak a little bit to your confidence in the execution on the Sun's deal project specifically, both in terms of operations and permit considerations on across federal lands? I suspect it's largely intact, but just wanna make sure we've checked that off. And then separately and related here, as you think about this resegmentation, I think you were alluding to it a moment ago, but you know, if you were to resegment, right, again, just to use the hypothetical and brief, can you speak as to how that backlog would translate into compounding revenue as it stands today? I suspect some folks are looking at this and saying, is there something about a deceleration of the renewables business? Clearly, the backlog data points today would suggest otherwise. But if you can speak to that even more clearly than you just alluded to a moment ago, I'd appreciate it.
Duke Austin: Absolutely. Thanks. Sunzia, first of all, like, we're doing great. We're progressing well. I fully expect us to complete. We're not seeing any permitting issues on. You know, we're well past that. And then I wanna talk a little bit about Sunzia because I think people are worried about the replacement. If you break Sunzia down and you go soon after your project, if you look at the wind piece, it's basically two jobs a year. And I just, we're not worried about replacing some things. We've already replaced it. It's in the backlog. And then on the transmission line, yes, it's a big line, but we replace that as well. And so I'm not concerned at all with our ability to replace Zia going forward. And I think that's a misnomer in the investment community. I wanna get that out there and say, not worried. Second, when we're talking about generation, we're seeing renewable generation growth. We're seeing it in outer years. We're looking at twenty-six, twenty-seven, and twenty-eight. We put growth up in twenty-five. We'll put growth up in twenty-six. We're not concerned at this point with that, and yes, there's going to be gas generation getting built. We see it. We've said it all along. It's twenty, thirty percent. But when you start ordering turbines that are thirty-six to forty-eight months out, what are you going to do between now and then? And I still believe, like, even when you get turbines in, when you start to see that, you still got to build renewables behind it. And fill up the lines, and when I look at the cost of renewables, the way I'm looking at it and the way everyone should, we gotta fill the lines up with renewables, gas, batteries, everything possible because that's what matters, and people are underestimating transmission. The real issue is we need to build transmission in North America to really fully get the capabilities of all forms of energy. So I'm not worried about growth. But we need to get the permitting straight to get the transmission built.
Jayshree Desai: And, Julian, just to be clear, we are resending them starting first quarter.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Yeah.
Duke Austin: We're resegment first quarter for sure.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Yep. No. Absolutely. Indeed. And, Ju kay, if I can pick up on that last point quickly, because these RTOs have really released quite substantive increases in their transmission planning processes in the last quarter. So what's the timeline and cadence that you're expecting for some of the flow into your backlog? I get that there is some kind of lag here. It could be a couple quarters or so. How do you think about that across these because the numbers are really quite staggering in the last few months.
Duke Austin: Yeah. I'm glad you noticed. What I would say is I do think we're having those discussions today and before they even came out. I think that, you know, Steve was talking about the larger projects. Someone should look at those queues and see what those say, and that's on top of their already ongoing capital. Those are big projects that are both in on mainly all the RTOs for that matter. So you're starting to see bigger work, and we're having those discussions on a daily basis. So I like our chances.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Alright. Well, best of luck.
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please dial star six, unmute, and ask your question. Again, Steve, that's star six. You're on mute. We can hear you. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Steve. Okay. Sorry about that. Hi. So I think on the I think you answered the question on renewables that you it sounds like the tailwinds are still there that you're seeing despite the change in administration and some of the tariffs, the other things that have come up just means there I just, like, would just ask, is there anything that you're watching or wary up there? But certainly didn't look like it with the backlog increase you got. Second question is you mentioned, you know, a lot of focus on gas, and that seems to keep increasing. I know you don't wanna be in the gas turbine business, but just do you see kind of the pieces of your coming together for a, you know, more growth in your undergrounding business over the next several years as this does seem to be likely to ramp up meaningfully, you know, looking out?
Duke Austin: Yes, Steve. First of all, like, you know, we do look at I mean, we're looking at administration on PTCs and how that would impact our customers. I think we watched that closely. There's a lot of safe harboring. We feel good about our top, you know, ten clients, and they're very sophisticated, and I'm not as concerned, but we do watch it. I think, you know, we have a really good ten years' worth of, you know, lookout in the renewables and what we see. And certainly some of that is based on the RA and the way it impacts it. But the administration, yes, it will be noisy, but I think in the end, the generation that's needed and what we need will prevail against those kind of short-term dynamics in the market, what you may hear. We are booking backlog. We see work out long, long out, and, you know, we need all forms of generation. I think it goes back probably ten years. And when we talked about it, we talked about all forms of generation. It's never been as pronounced as it is today. We need all forms. And we need it quickly and as fast as we can build it. And I think the demand is there. That's why you're seeing behind the meter things come up, distributed generation, everything that you're seeing because we can't meet it fast enough. When I look at, see, when we look at combined cycle, it's just not who we are. We can build it. We probably will build it, but we're not gonna build it at risk. And so, yes, we'll help our customers. We can build subs stuff around. We can do all kinds of things around it. But, you know, the cost of a combined cycle is not cheap either. And so I think trying to get gas to it and the cost on turbines and how much it costs to build one these days is not the same. And so I think in general, we have to make sure that we cover the company off on that risk. It's certainly been something in the past that I can't get out of my head. And I will be prudent about how we look at that business. I do think it's opportunities and opportunities all the way around it. Single cycles, small stuff, yeah, we can build them on this. Those aren't difficult. And we'll be involved in some of that. We won't take the risk on combined SOC.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Justin Hauke: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I guess I wanted to ask a lot of the big picture questions have been asked. I wanted to ask about the impact of the California wildfires. Yeah. I don't really think of that as storm work the same way that, you know, hurricanes knock down lines but just curious if that's had any impact to you here in the first quarter. And maybe more importantly, just the long-term thinking about undergrounding lines and, you know, your ability to do that and kind of the cost differential versus overhead lines, just kind of the long-term rebuild impact if you could comment on that.
Duke Austin: We were involved with some of the underground in California now, and it continues to progress nicely out on out. It's expensive. It is. So there's no question about it. But if between that and taking fire risk, I think it's probably not expensive. When you really look at the long-term nature of the business. We do see violent weather across the, you know, whether it's winter weather today or storms that hurricanes, fires, we're seeing it and the impacts of it. So I think as an industry, you're seeing the hardening programs in the west. You know, certainly, energy's got a resilient program ongoing that we're involved in. So we're involved in them. Every one of them. With our clients and trying to harden the grid and derisk their business. I don't think anyone ever intended to take fire risk on a line thirty-five years ago, forty, fifty years ago. So we have to, you know, put for ourselves and try to help and collaborate on what we see across the board to make the grid more resilient, more modern. And we're doing that. There's technologies out and things like that that are coming along as well. So, you know, everyone's kind of in this new paradigm of these violent events, and we're gotta harden the grid, and we're seeing that ongoing, and we continue to see it for decades or more. We built this grid over the last sixty, seventy years. Got a long way to go. And so I do see that happening, and we've got to, you know, get in front of that. As an industry, and there is risk out from fire as well. I mean, we have to watch ourselves in the risk that we have on fire in the west. So I do think how we interact and how we make sure that the company derisk ourselves in the middle of the fire is something that we watch as well. So, you know, look, we're all in it together with the clients and working hard to try to make a difference and make sure that we spare human life when these events happen.
Justin Hauke: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brian Brophy with Stifelnikolos. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Star six will allow you to unmute, Brian.
Brian Brophy: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Hoping you could talk about the communications outlook here. Bit and any more detail on this Lumen announcement that you made here. How meaningful could that be, and when should we start thinking about contributions on that round? Thanks.
Duke Austin: Yeah. I was just trying to make sure you guys knew we're still in the telecom business. But in general, look, we had a nice award there. We continue to grow the business. We continue to, you know, incrementally move it forward. The data center demand on fiber is big. It probably goes unnoticed a bit on everything else, but I do think, you know, we continue to see long-haul fiber opportunities as well as just our core business in communications. We love the business. We're growing it. Like I said, nicely. And then sometimes it goes unnoticed, but, you know, I thought the word was meaningful and something that the investment community should say that we're still we're much larger, and I said it before, our addressable markets continue to grow. And where the company was five years ago versus where it's at today is much different from an adjustable market standpoint. So when you look at the growth going forward, you can see it across multiple segments, whether it's communication technology or utilities, we can go on and on, but I just think that is something that goes unnoticed. And I wanna make sure that everyone realizes that our addressable markets across the company have grown and getting larger.
Brian Brophy: Appreciate it. I'll pass it on.
Operator: As a reminder, we are asking that all participants limit to one question. If you have additional questions, you may re-queue, and those questions will be addressed time permitting. Our next question will come from Adam Thalimer with Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalimer: Hey. Good morning, guys. I have the same question, actually. I was curious about Lumen. What else you're seeing in terms of long-haul fiber? Could you book another award of a similar magnitude? And then, Jayshree, curious if you can comment on the tax rate. It was a decent step up year over year. Just wanted to see what was going on there. Thank you.
Duke Austin: Now we kinda talked about, you know, telecom being a billion. We're growing off a billion. And we base there, and I do think we'll see growth in long haul. We bought some smaller businesses three or four years ago. They're really growing nicely. Our markets are growing. There's no shortage of demand on infrastructure around the telecom, DAS space. So I do see us getting more awards, and we can deliver on national footprint. We talk about the utilizations of some of our underground business moving over into telecom. That can still happen. So we're leveraging all assets and leveraging people across these TAMs. And so I do think our ability to move resources across these customer bases is something that you'll continue to see the company move forward, and we're in multiple conversations across, you know, what I would consider all businesses, and there's growth to every one of them. Infrastructure for the next two decades that I see out is significant, and we're right in the middle of it with our cross-skill labor and engineering capabilities.
Jayshree Desai: Yeah. And as for the tax rate, I think a couple of things. One, we did some nice tax planning here that came through at the end of the year that allowed us to clean up some legal entities and take the tax benefit this year, as well as going into 2025, we had this year, we had the big benefit as well earlier in the year of the RSU vesting. We're assuming a lower vest rate and a grant vesting of the stock price in 2025. And so you see that as well. Combination of both those things are why you're seeing a step up in the tax rate.
Adam Thalimer: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Drew Chamberlain with JPMorgan. Please unmute and ask your question.
Drew Chamberlain: Yeah. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Just a bit of a follow-up on the renewables bookings. Obviously, good to see the strong momentum there. Can you just kind of break that out a little bit on what you're seeing from a technology standpoint and where demand is kind of project profiles that are coming from your customers? And then also, you know, what you're hearing on the Safe Harbor impact that you touched on briefly earlier and how much, you know, that could either have already gone into the backlog or, you know, that's already being at play and what the outlook could be for their safe harbor type wins in 2025.
Duke Austin: Yeah. I think when we're looking at the renewable business, I mean, certainly, like, there's noise that continues, but our ability to book work there and what we see and how we can deliver across that market, like, we're not seeing any pullback. And so we're actually seeing more demand. And there's safe harbor. The safe harbor is really meant to, you know, our customers are buying equipment. They're doing the things that are necessary to make sure that the projects are protected for the long term, and the smart, the bigger ones, our customer base that we work for typically do that, and, you know, we're comfortable. You're not seeing the meaningful impact of, you know, call it beyond twelve backlog because of safe harboring at this point. We just see the market and the strength to it long term. And as far as the data center demand and if you were going to build generation tomorrow, I would just ask what would you build and how quickly could you build it? And you would find yourself building a solar plant probably. It's the fastest thing you can build. And I just think the way you go to market right now, no one wants to hear forty-eight months. They wanna hear forty-eight minutes. And so I think that will be key on how we look at the business. It won't be as much about what form of generation will be. How quick can you get it?
Drew Chamberlain: Great. Thanks, Duke.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Sangeetha Jain with Keystone. Please unmute and ask your question.
Sangeetha Jain: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. If I can ask on the civil acquisition that you made, is that mostly Texas-oriented now? I'm trying to see if you can leverage that to your Cupertino low voltage work for data centers maybe.
Duke Austin: Yeah. I mean, I think, Sangeetha, but, yes. It's southeast-based, not just Texas, but southeast. We can move it out. They have a lot of capabilities, engineering capabilities, and I only need to expand the business. So, yeah. So then, certainly, we can expand. When we look at it, you know, Cupertino works all across the lower forty-eight. So they're in Texas as well in the southeast. There's a lot of southeast expansions and Texas expansions. You know, I just think our synergies would allow us to really grow the business. We could probably absorb the whole business internally with synergies internally. So that's not gonna be the case. They get involved in industrial base, LNG, all kinds of different things. And so we're excited about having the capabilities. And I think when we look at acquisitions, we weren't looking for a civil business, but when we know the business well and it's really the culture, the DNA, what we look for in management teams, and how we go, our ability to put strategies for us and solutions to our clients and also the quality of the management teams are so paramount when we look at our acquisitions that this is a long-standing business. Fifty plus years old, generationally that we're super excited that those solutions will be something that, both internally and externally, you know, you can see. And sometimes you can't see it. But we certainly see it. And we like our opportunities there.
Sangeetha Jain: Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mark Bianchi with Cowen.
Mark Bianchi: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to ask on the outlook for underground here in 2025. So 2024 was a bit of a lower margin year for that business. And you're showing sort of an expectation for improvement in 2025. And particularly, the year-over-year improvement as we get past the first quarter looks like it's a pretty good step up. So I was hoping you could kind of unpack, you know, what happened in 2024 and what's driving the confidence in the bounce back in 2025.
Duke Austin: Yeah. A couple of things. Your industrial business was down a bit, and, you know, the margins were down. We had some storms come through the Gulf Coast and impact us in the back half. So part of it is in our industrial business gets better. Canada. We're coming off big pipe in Canada. And so that's some of the impacts that are going back into your LDC business that we have growth in. And then, you know, when you look at the acquisitions, it's accretive. So the acquisitions are accretive. We have a better industrial margin profile going forward, as well as our LDC business in core business. In the utility space. People are starting to put more capital back into the gas business. So we're seeing that come back in the core. So all those things kind of come together, and that's you're seeing the impacts of margins going forward. But I would still say that we're leveraging the underground capabilities of gas across into telecom and to electric space on any given day. So you can see some pullback, and then electric may go up two hundred million of gas assets and people that move over there, three or four hundred. So you can see that on any given day in the business. If it was up to me, I'd have one segment, but it's not. So, like, we have two, and it does cross. But I do like our business in totality, and I think it's something that continues to see margin improvement. We're still not happy with where it's at, and I do believe you can get an upper single digits there or maybe even double digits.
Mark Bianchi: Great. So much, Duke. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gus Richard with Northland Capital Markets. Please unmute and ask your question.
Gus Richard: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. On the federal level, it's a lot of changes. You've got indiscriminate layoffs by the, you know, government efficiency bureau, and that could slow approval processes. You've got the potential of deregulation to speed things up. You've got the potential of bans of solar panels being imported. Another impact. And I'm just wondering if you're seeing anything at this point due to these potential changes and sort of what's your expectation on, you know, how easy it'll get projects to get done will get pulled in or pushed out?
Duke Austin: I had a question. You know, really try to put my head down and work and not listen too much to it because it changes by the minute. I don't fundamentally, from the customers and how we see it, and what we've guided to. We've taken into account. We've been very prudent about how we guided to the midpoint. And anything that we've seen or think that could be a possibility, we've baked into our guidance at this point. So I feel comfortable that, you know, across our adjustment markets, we have room to, you know, expand on any given day. But you're right. I mean, one day, you know, some things are really, really good for certain parts of the business and some things, you know, could impact a bit. But in totality, we see growth, we see opportunity. Everything out here is just opportunity. I don't think it, you know, when you look at it, there's still a lot of if you go back to first term, a lot of this happened then, and we did nicely, and we continue to grow the business. I think the same thing will happen. It'll never be as good as you think, and it'll never be as bad as you think. So we'll be right down the middle with it, and, you know, the great thing is under any scenario, demand is gonna outpace supply at this point, and we just have to really try to figure out how to get in front of that. Would be more important.
Gus Richard: Great. Thanks for the answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Osha with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Joseph Osha: Thanks. Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Duke Austin: We got you.
Joseph Osha: Okay. Great. Duke, you alluded to this a little earlier. Obviously, lead times are way out there for combined cycle machines, but I was at PowerGen last weekend. You know, we're starting to hear sort of the same thing happening on the single cycle side. As people look to put, you know, peaking power alongside, you know, renewables. So I'm just wondering how are you seeing your mix evolve, and are you starting to see that same kind of, you know, frenzy and longer lead times on the single cycle side as well? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Yeah. I mean, you know, the single cycle business for us, we're certainly capable, and I'm not concerned near as much. Building a single cycle. So, yes, we'll be around the edges on that. We do see a lot of opportunity there. You know, whether it be, you know, you have a lot of diesel generation backup today. I think the single cycles will be forms of energy. You can backup and use them in merchant-type situations and things of that nature. So and it is way quicker to market with single cycle. So I do think that'll be a part of the solution to get the, you know, the project started quicker.
Joseph Osha: Thank you.
Duke Austin: Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brent Thielman with D. A. Davidson. Alright. We'll go to Phil Shen with Roscap, and we can return to you, Brent.
Phil Shen: Hello? Can you hear me okay?
Duke Austin: We can. Yes. Go ahead.
Phil Shen: Thanks. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to go back to the AI data center theme. What opportunities are you conceptualizing now that could deepen your exposure to the AI data center trend beyond Cupertino? You emphasized that you're a solutions provider. What kinds of problems are your data center-related customers experiencing that you could support in a deeper way than you do now?
Duke Austin: Yeah. I mean, look, we're taking the same approach with the data center owners that we are with the utilities, and it's that intersection as well. So, you know, our ability to talk to our clients on the utility side, help them and help the data centers and stay in the middle. We wanna build infrastructure. All types of infrastructure involve craft skill, if it involves engineering, if it involves, you know, anything really, to be honest. Like, we're certainly in the middle of those discussions and how do we help collaborate to move things faster more efficiently across both customers as well as our renewables as well. So it's a convergence. We see it, and we're in the middle of it, and we will be trying to take advantage of those markets on a go-forward basis that we see. And we've said all along that we feel comfortable with craft skill. We feel comfortable building up our capacity on the front-end side of the business and using those service lines to provide a solution. So there's not much we're not talking about with these clients.
Phil Shen: Great. Thanks, Steve.
Duke Austin: Sure.
Operator: And there are no more questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Duke Austin: Thank you. I wanna thank the sixty thousand plus. They are the best in the business. They allow us to have this call today, and they're building what I consider the infrastructure of the future. I wanna thank them, and I wanna thank you for participating in our conference call. Appreciate your questions, your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2024 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com. This morning, we also posted our third quarter 2024 operational and financial commentary and our 2024 outlook expectations summary on Quanta's Investor Relations website. While management will make brief introductory remarks during this morning's call, the operational and financial commentary is intended to largely replace management's prepared remarks, allowing additional time for questions from the institutional investment community. Please remember the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, October 31st, 2024, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements and information intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or financial performance that -- or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We will also present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and operational and financial commentary. Please refer to these documents for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Lastly, please sign up for email alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com to receive notifications of news releases and other information, and follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks Kip. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Before I turn to our third quarter results, I would like to comment on Quanta's response to Hurricanes Beryl and Helene. During the third quarter, we deployed significant resources to assist power restoration and related efforts in Texas for Hurricane Beryl and in the Southeast for Hurricane Helene. During these events, our employees often do more than work to get the power restored, but it's not well known are the other ways that our crews who are first responders, help people in need during these devastating events. For example, in response to Hurricane Helene, Quanta crews worked with local sheriffs, law enforcement groups and various humanitarian organizations to leverage our helicopter assets to deliver more than 200,000 pounds of cargo to impacted rural and mountain communities in North Carolina, including water, food, medical and camping supplies, pet food, hay for livestock, and more. Our pilots also aided search and rescue efforts, provided reconnaissance and roadway assessments, and performed welfare checks. These severe weather events also often impact the lives and property of Quanta employees, many of whom are away from their families for long periods, restoring power to others. Quanta Cares, our employee relief fund, provided financial support to approximately 125 employees and their families who were impacted by these damaging storms. I want to recognize and thank the thousands of Quanta employees who work tirelessly to restore power and much more for people in need during these severe weather events. Quanta delivered another quarter of double-digit growth in revenues, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share, as well as a number of other record financial metrics including total backlog of $34 billion and free cash flow of $539 million. There is momentum building across our portfolio of solutions with the increased demand for and tightening of power generation capacity and the significant power grid upgrades and enhancements required to facilitate load growth. Our collaborative solution based approach is valued by our clients more than ever. Quanta sits at the nexus of the utility, renewable energy and technology industries, and the convergence of these industries is gaining pace. Utilities across the United States are experiencing and forecasting meaningful increases in power demand for the first time in two decades, which is being driven by the adoption of new technologies and related infrastructure including artificial intelligence and data centers, as well as federal and state policies designed to accelerate the energy transition and policies intended to strategically reinforce domestic manufacturing and supply chain resources. The necessity to build and modernize infrastructure is clear, and we believe Quanta's craft, skilled labor, workforce and self-performed capabilities are critical to advancing our infrastructure solutions. To that end, the integration of Cupertino Electric is progressing well and while it is early, we have received positive customer response to our comprehensive critical path electric infrastructure solutions for the technology and data center industry that provides opportunity to improve speed to market for projects. In summary, we are executing well on our strategic plan and while there are areas for improvement, we are pleased with where we sit. We are pacing well against our multiyear financial targets including double digit EPS growth and double digit returns. We ended the quarter with record backlog. We expect adjusted EPS to grow approximately 20% at the midpoint of our guidance over last year. We expect record levels of free cash flow this year, a leverage profile below two times by year-end and over $3 billion of liquidity. Our end markets have never been better and we see opportunity for further strength in the coming years. As I hope you can tell, we are proud of our execution and even more excited about the solutions platform we have built for the future. We are positioning Quanta for decades of expected necessary infrastructure investment and believe our service line diversity creates platforms for growth that expand our total addressable market. Our portfolio approach and focus on craft skill labor is a strategic advantage that we believe provides us the ability to manage risk and shift resources across service lines and geographies which is increasingly important as the energy transition and new technologies add complexity to infrastructure programs. We believe our service offering diversity, supply chain capabilities and portfolio approach have improved our cash flow and returns profile and position us well to allocate resources to the opportunities we find most economically attractive and achieve operating efficiencies and consistent financial results. I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai Quanta’s CFO to provide a few remarks about our about our 2024 guidance results, about 2021 results and guidance and then we will take your questions. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai: Thanks, Duke and good morning everyone. This morning we reported third quarter revenues of $6.5 billion, net income attributable to common stock of $293.2 million or $1.95 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.72. Adjusted EBITDA was $682.8 million or 10.5% of revenues. Additionally, we generated healthy cash flows in the third quarter with cash flow from operations of $739.9 million and free cash flow of $539.5 million. During the quarter we also successfully recapitalized the business following our acquisition of Cupertino, allowing us to address the maturity of our senior notes that were due in October. Our earnings and cash flow performance coupled with this recapitalization allowed us to end the third quarter with ample liquidity and a balance sheet that supports both our organic growth expectations and the opportunistic investment of capital to generate incremental returns for our stockholders. This morning we also provided an update to our full year 2024 financial expectations, which calls for another year of profitable growth with record revenues and opportunity for double-digit growth in adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow. We believe our expectations demonstrate the strength of our portfolio approach to the business, our commitment to our long-term strategy, favorable end market trends and our competitive position in the marketplace. Additional details and commentary about our 2024 financial guidance can be found in our Operational and Financial Commentary and Outlook Expectation Summary, both of which are posted on our IR website. With that, we are happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Atidrip Modak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Atidrip Modak: Hi, good morning Duke and Jayshree. You acquired some transformer manufacturing capability again. Can you talk about that a little bit? Is the supply chain still significant of a concern going ahead and how much of your internal needs can you now source and are there synergies with the PTT assets? Any color around that?
Duke Austin: Yes, thank you. We did acquire some a small transformer manufacturing company in upstate New York in the quarter a hundred year old family business. When we were going through the markets we did some things that would allow us to make this acquisition certainly beneficial to PTII and the markets that we serve. We continue to see constraints on large transformers. The factory certainly helps us with that. Our backlog in the business has gotten longer, not shorter. We continue to see opportunities internally and find synergies with the ability to build both transformers and breakers as we move forward. So the supply chain constraints are there. They're real. We're trying to do things in the lower 48 with the load that we see and so I think we'll continue to see ourselves get in a good position to make sure that we can have self-performed capabilities both from a manufacturing standpoint as well as to build and the craft skill labor on certain critical path items. So the synergies are there. We're seeing them show up. You can support the business internally. We build probably around 150 to 170 EPC subs a year. So we can support that, but that's not what we bought them for. We really believe it's to enhance the whole market and we would not do that internally just to supplement some of our bills that provide synergies to some clients.
Atidrip Modak: Got it. That's helpful. And then you talked about having visibility into the timing of renewable transmission projects. Can you give us a lay off the land, big picture view of how that's shaking out for the next few years here as conversations with your customers is progressing?
Duke Austin: Yes, I mean, I think everyone's hearing the market demand from load and in order for load to work, we need the transmission infrastructure. I would say that the inbounds, the bids, the proposals that we have, things in contract, things that we're talking about record levels year-over-year, record levels in the 25, record levels in the 26, record levels in the 27. We continue to see more bid opportunities, more discussions on larger transmission capacity constraints. So yes, I mean, we said it on the call. We've never seen the business any better and we continue to believe that large transmission is the cheapest form of generation in many ways. So you can't do the things that we're trying to do and accomplish in the country without transmission and we need to expedite it.
Atidrip Modak: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess two questions from me. One, the renewable margins in the quarter obviously were pretty good and you've made a nice improvement in margins for that business throughout the year. And then you raise guidance, I guess. Jayshree, is it unreasonable to think that 2025, we're finally at a place, with the revenue and the performance of the business where we can expect, double-digit margins because that's where we will be exiting the year. I'm just wondering if that's a reasonable expectation. And then I guess my second question, Duke or Jayshree on Cupertino, just sort of an update on how that business is doing. Is there any change in your guidance for Cupertino, for the year and then just potential for revenue synergies there? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Hey Jamie. I’ll speak and I'll let Jayshree comment on some of the questions there in a minute. So when we see it, when we look at it, the renewables and margins, they were good. We did say that we could get them up in double-digits. I believe we can over time. We've done it and I wouldn't run it. You have seasonality in the business, so your first half will be a little bit slower and you'll pick it up in the back half. Whenever transmission business is in there today that business has always ran in double-digits. The platinum business has ran at double digits. So we consistently said we can do that. I believe that's possible going out as we move forward. The Cupertino business certainly has provided synergies to us already. We continue to get inbounds on Cupertino. I think it's from our standpoint, something that will allow us a different customer base, allows us to participate much in a much greater way in the data center business as we see it. So the electrification thereof and it really, we haven't got the synergies like baked into anything at this point, but they're there. Much like Blattner, they're there and we're seeing those show up in our business today. We'll see Cupertino show up in our business in 2025, 2026 and beyond. And we're pretty excited about next year and what we see. But it's not a next year story. We're delivering. We've delivered for the past five years. We continue to deliver. It's -- next year will just be better than this year. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai: Yes. You covered it. Yes. Just remind you, Jamie, of the cadence of the renewable segment. So as Duke said, back half is definitely usually stronger than the first half. So going into next year, I think the right way to look at it is what we said in Investor Day, that we have the opportunity to perform that 9% to 10% range in renewable.
Jamie Cook: But Jayshree, sorry, the expectations that what's implied in the guide for 2024 for Cupertino, has that changed?
Jayshree Desai: In 2024 guide?
Jamie Cook: Yes. For Cupertino, has that changed at all?
Jayshree Desai: Yes. If you recall, we told you that Cupertino has the ability to perform in that $1 billion to $1.1 billion range in revenue. They're performing at the high end of that range.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi, good morning. Thanks. First question, just on the. In the quarter, a lot of, good backlog and revenue growth, but a lot of it was kind of acquisition recent Acquisitions. Could you just talk to organic growth that you're seeing and kind of why was that maybe a little slower in the quarter and how do you look at that from here?
Duke Austin: Yes, thanks Steve. I think when you, when you think about it, there was some backlog growth around 400 million or so in the, in, in the quarter. With the way the segmentation, delineation of the segmentation, the segments create some issues for us. When you think about just T&D, our traditional T&D business, it certainly if you look at where we're at, it's 5% into the third quarter of growth organically. It's double digit growth in the forecast at the midpoint of the range. So we have double-digit growth year-over-year at the traditional T&D business at the midpoint of the range. And we stated that going forward we believe we grow that upper single digits on a go forward basis organically.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. And then one other question. Just on the data center opportunity, not just, not just Cupertino, but also in your utilities business, the I think you said recently that data center investment really hasn't even shown up in utility plans yet for the most part. Do you have a better sense when it'll show up there and then kind of filter through to your backlog?
Duke Austin: Yes, I mean I think it's, you hear a lot about it. You're starting to see utilities issue equity, you're starting to see debt come in and a lot of that's the transmission growth so their RTOs are robust in the planning stages. The thing is, if it's showing up three years from now, we better start today. And so I think we are seeing those discussions today from RTOs, from developers, from all of our customers. You have to start the transmission, the transformers three years out, you're 36 months away from energization and you need some time to build the substations. So I just, I think it's a fallacy to think that you can't, you have to start building transmission now. And the worst thing that we can do as an industry is sit here. So I don't think that sitting here works. I think everyone's moving forward. It took a little while to get this going. It took a little while to make sure that the rates are not punitive to the rate payers and we have good rate structures across the country. You're starting to see those show up. So I'm pretty excited about where we're at as an industry, where we're what I would consider moving forward against a big, doubling of maybe tripling of generation over the next two decades. So all the transmission build and substation build behind that substantial and it has to get started. And I think we're in, the early, very early stages of getting that started today.
Steve Fleishman: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with B Riley. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you and good morning everyone. A couple quick questions here. First, nuclear power generation has regained significant interest in small modular reactors in particular nearing commercial deployment. Can you talk a bit about Quanta's opportunity in that generation?
Duke Austin: Yes, thanks Alex. I think when you see it, you'll see us build a substation interconnections. I don't see us at SMRS in any capacity. I think they're a decade away to any kind of scale. So yes, nuclear will be a piece of it going forward. They'll still be back heavily renewables. Even your big reactors, you're talking about a gig and on the bigger plant. So the smaller ones are certainly less and you'll see a lot of that to from a standpoint of emergency generation, things of that nature versus diesel. But I think it's an answer, it helps. Nuclear is something that's, long-term. You're going to need it to come in if we're going to grow the generation like we say we are. So yes, but I think for us as we sit here today, the way we see it is we'll be around the edges on the substations and all the electrification thereof.
Alex Rygiel: That's helpful. And then Duke, as the business has grown through the years, can you talk a bit about how the risk profile of projects, contracts and the business in general has changed?
Duke Austin: Anytime you have EPC, you create risk, you have different kinds of risk. We stay to our knitting. I mean I think we have a really good EPC program here where we're engineering, procuring product and constructing the linear part or craft skill. Labor is usually where people break down and that's what we've invested in. We self-perform 85% of the business. So I think the self-perform capabilities of Quanta de risk our business and we stay to that knitting and we know the costs when we go into them and having our own supply chains and our critical path items that we've done in the vertical supply chain really de risk the project. And if there's risk in it, then there's more margin in it. And so I like the risk profiles that we have because we can create margin out of them. So we're in good shape. And I think you'll continue to see that type of environment going forward due to the fact that there's just not enough talent around and you're going to see EPC get built for certainty across the country.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you.
Duke Austin: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. It seems clear that the big picture outlook here is developing pretty well. But maybe just to start with a couple of clarifications about some of the near term dynamics. Just on the electric side of things, just curious what the kind of puts and takes on the revenue guidance that was unchanged for that segment in light of the extra 225 million of emergency work. Maybe that was just a shift in resources. I know that can happen with these storms sometime. And then the 5% organic growth that you mentioned going to 10% for the year, I think you said last quarter 9%. I'm not sure if those numbers are all apples to apples and just maybe if they are, can you just remind us what's the programs that are driving the acceleration to that nice 10% for the year there? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Steve. Yes, we talked about the delineations of the segments and we do have crude movement across both segments. So you do get some of those things that show up in the way that the reports come out when we look at it. Yes, the storms are about 200 million incremental. You do with any kind of storms. For one thing, the company, at six and six plus six and a half billion in revenue in a quarter. It just, it's not that big of an impact to the company and maybe to others. It's not to us. And it does pull back off our industrial business and the gas space during barrel. You have a lot of push out in our industrial business due to the fact that the storms came in. So you're seeing that show up in that margin profile in our industrial business. So you have a lot of turnarounds that pushed due to storms. So the impacts across the company and portfolio, you can't see those things show up in these storm numbers. So there is an impact. We're pulling off transmission, we're pulling off some renewable projects that are larger. We're flying people in from Canada to save human life more importantly. And I think that's the struggle is to get everyone to see it's more than just a storm. We're also pulling off major, major projects to go do this. And it's necessary for the industry for us to do this. We had well over 5,000 people and continue in the mountains to restore power. So yes, it's incremental, but it's not as big as what's being written. It's very, very small incremental gains there on the storm. So yes, and when we look at it going forward, you'll see those things show up. And I do think our renewable business is strong. The electric, like the T&D there continues to be good and that's kind of where it sits today.
Steven Fisher: Okay, just maybe a follow up on the underground. Separate from the storm impact. Were there any new challenges arising or is this just a continuation of kind of the same issues as before and what's it going to take on the U.S. Gas operations to get those delayed projects ramping up? Is that sort of just, rate case decisions that we're waiting for?
Duke Austin: I think when you look at it, the underground side of the business, they're building electric, they're building telecom, they're building renewables. The budgets certainly were impacted early. We talked about last quarter where if you're a utility and you could build underground electric or gas, a lot of the gas budgets went to, not a lot, but enough to cause impacts on our LDC business to move from gas to electric. And so we moved our crews along with that. We moved our crews into telecom and you can see it show up in those segments. But yes, it did impact the LDC business as well as the industrial business with the storms, the push out there, more impacts. So we had those. We run it as a portfolio as we talked about before and I think go forward. If we look at the portfolio into 2025, you get guidance in 2025, we talk about guidance in 2025, you'll see double digit guidance at the EPS level. 15% certainly is in the realm of possibility and beyond into next year and we're willing to say it, I just said it into next year. So the concern may be short term, but we see long term growth, multi, I mean a decade's worth of growth here. And that's how we're running the business in this portfolio.
Steven Fisher: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin Smith with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thank you guys very much. Appreciate the opportunity. Look, how do you guys think about the emerging dearth of workforce driving a tighter backdrop here for the business? I mean it's a pretty interesting backdrop for you all, you've been persistent in enabling a pipeline of labor training as a company. How do you…
Operator: Julian, we lost you. Hello, Mr. Dumoulin. Smith, are you still there?
Duke Austin: That's okay, I'll answer the question. Yes, okay. So the workforce, look, we have invested in it. I do think as we stand today, we made substantial investments there early eight, nine years ago with both colleges and curriculum. It's well known. The crowd skilled labor as we stand today, we went from 53, 54 to begin the year. We're at 62,000 today. So that work, that 62,000, some of it's organic, some of it's acquired through Cupertino and others. But we continue to invest in curriculum. We see opportunities to look at craft skills that are getting performed along our segments and invest. And we'll continue to do that. We need to make sure that for us that's the core of the business is that craft and 85% of that self performed craft that we're supplementing across the country and all the service lines that we perform continue to grow. We've got to invest in that. We knew it early. We were working with our partners, our unions and trade associations across the country to make sure that that investment for a trained, safe, dependable workforce is there. And we'll continue that as we go forward, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Excellent. Can you guys hear me now?
Duke Austin: Yes, got you.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Sorry, I don't know what happened there. Just how does that impact your top line inflation when you think about the business trajectory and what you're seeing right now? I mean it seems like the overall sector is seeing this trend. How does that impact your potential for margin expansion and overall just top line inflation at the same time to run with that?
Duke Austin: Good question. Certainly we passed through the. We believe labor goes up about between 4% to 6% as we move forward, let’s 3% to 5%, probably 4% to 6% now. And those are passed through to contractually through. If it's not contractually, then we have it in our multiyear bids. But a 4 to 6 inflationary piece of labor, it's been there a long time. So that's always been a pass through or we've adjusted our portfolio and bids for those labor impacts. On the data center business, on the inside electric piece of the business, it's certainly constrained more than our outside business. So we're also putting in training, we're also doing a lot of things with Cupertino acquisition and that platform to enhance that labor force. And so I think you'll continue to see us anything we do that involves craft skill, will be curriculum, we'll have college credits with that. We'll have a lot of different things where we're trying to enhance the workforces to build for the future.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Thank you guys.
Duke Austin: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Northland Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Gus Richard: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Electricity demand is exceeding supply growth and delivery growth. And is there some point in time where demand overwhelms supply and their shortages and what's the near term, next two or three year solution? Clearly SMR is not the answer and I was just wondering if you had any thoughts on that.
Duke Austin: I mean you're going to have to see batteries become longer duration, more batteries for the intermittency of renewables. Solar continues to get built, it's economical, Wind will be there, but gas has got to back it. You see all the gas generation that's coming online, anticipated to come online. I think better, better said that's there as well. But we've always thought gas would be 20% of the business generation fleet and I still believe that's the case. Even at double growth you'll still keep it up there just to keep the, keep the intermittency of the grid and to make sure that you can have that. The reserve margins, if you go across the country used to have a pretty nice reserve margin across the country. I believe most of that is replenished substantially and you can't, you can't run the grid on the edge. So you've got to get the generation in and get it in quick to get those reserves back up on anticipated demand and that or you can't build. So one of the two teams, you're either going to constrain the grid, constrain the keys because you can't build generation or you build generation. So I do believe gas is probably the most immediate thing that you'll see get built along with solar and wind as you see it today. But gas will certainly supplement more so than we've seen in the past.
Gus Richard: Got it. That makes complete sense. And that feeds into the next question. Given the hurricanes and fires, whatnot, are you seeing an increase in demand for hardening services, or are the utilities starting to allocate more resources and are you seeing that benefit?
Duke Austin: Yes, I mean I think the grid hardening programs, both fire and storms are certainly there. We see it across the board where you have multi-year type programs against fire or grid hardening per se. So yes, I mean we see it quite a bit, continue it's early stages in many areas, but in other areas, Florida being one, you're in late stages or later stages. I won't say late stages, but mid to 3/4 into something in most areas. So a lot of people started with transmission hardening, and you're starting in distribution hardening and undergrounding in certain areas. So I think your early stages of this and you'll continue to see violent weather impacts and demands from the client to have them up quicker. The only way you can get things up faster is you've got to harden the grid or underground it, one of the two. So that pressure against the grids that are 50, 70 years old, you've got to do. You've got to modernize the grid. And you're doing all this while demand is doubling. So it is something that everyone's looking at from a standpoint of what do you do first? And you've got to harden the grid while you meet demand. So it is something that is unique to the industry these days.
Gus Richard: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard: Hey, good morning, guys.
Duke Austin: Morning.
Chad Dillard: So my question's on the MSA renewal process. And I know that this is an ongoing process for you guys year in, year out, but just curious how much of the business is up for renewal over the next 12 months. And then, I think these contracts are three to four years in duration. So I'd love to get a sense for just like how those conversations and how the contracts have changed versus three to four years ago. From a terms perspective, if you can talk pricing, anything like that would be very helpful.
Duke Austin: Yes, I mean, MSAs are really framework for unseen work in many ways, and it allows contractual terms to be done and resources to be allocated. I would say as it stands today, it's much more collaborative because you can see the business longer, so can our clients. When you can see capital out and plan and prepare, it's certainly more efficient and more prudent to get out in front of it. So, have the labor there, the labor shortages don't show up if you talk long-term. So I think they're longer in nature. They're bigger as we see it. I can't tell you how many are up. We have, I don't know, hundreds, maybe thousands of MSAs, maybe 10,000. I don't know a lot of MSAs that go around. We've worked off of them for 50 years. So it's very, very difficult for me to. I mean one client could have 50 MSAs. So it's just, it's extremely difficult for me to give you those numbers. But what I would say is the base business is 85% today and that's those MSAs typically around that for the most part. And as we see it going forward, it will be 85% as the business grows on the top line, you will still see it at 85%. So as the business has grown because the MSAs and our ability to bid or negotiate or collaborate with the client to continue that, the stickiness of that and supplement their current workforces is there and will continue to be there going forward.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. Second question is on Cupertino and labor availability. So I'd love to get a better sense for how you plan to integrate that segment with your labor training program. Just trying to figure out just how much labor that can unlock over the next couple of years and how fast you can scale the business and if you can, just how much in terms of headcount is Cupertino.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think Cupertino, when you look at the workforce and how it's trained, I mean they've had very good training programs, 3, 4 year training programs, I believe. So very, very good. When we look at it, can we supplement it? Yes. I think what we can do is early on, our recruiting process is the way we get people into the trade some people can't climb some people don't want to climb, so we can move people over into that segment. And it's just -- it will be synergistic for us as well. Some won't when one of down the ground, they want to client. So both sides of that continue, we're always around the edges of each other. Craft is very similar. The way they think -- the way we think the company sits on top of us nicely and so when you look at that, it just -- it bodes well for us to recruit very, very, what I consider the top talent out there. They were with premier solution provider for the data center business for a long period of time since inception, they have capabilities across the board beyond data centers that we like a lot both, solar land, it's a different labor pool, but they're exceptional in what they do. So we're excited about supplementing the curriculum, supplementing onboarding, the what I would consider pre-apprenticeship programs that we have, where people are smarter and faster and more productive when they get in. So all those things will certainly benefit both us and Cupertino going forward. The count -- it's between 4,000 and 6,000 somewhere in there. It varies depending on where they are.
Chad Dillard: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Chamberlain with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Chamberlain: Yes, good morning and thank you for taking the questions. The first one on the renewable side, some positive commentary in the materials on that bidding activity and what you're hearing from your customers. But obviously, bookings throughout the first part of the year, our first three quarters been a little lighter than last year. And just kind of to hear your thoughts on maybe what's holding up some of this from converting into backlog and maybe what are some of the headwinds and stuff that you're hearing from your customers maybe on the election, IRA and when this can really convert?
Duke Austin: I mean I expect us to -- between now and the next time we get on the call, a substantial amount of LNTP going into the contract. The negotiations are robust, and I'm not sure -- I can't put a finger on why the -- why -- the backlog is not increase over there based on what the conversations are. It's just tend to paper in many ways and from LNTP to final FID. So I'm not concerned, the inbounds are as good as they've ever been in the negotiation, verbal’s all the things that we're discussing on the Renewables segment. I feel confident that going into next year, the backlog will grow and it will look different. The next time we have this discussion. So -- that piece of the business is not concerned with on the backlog side of it. So we see the market continuing to progress forward the solar business, the wind business, either the repower business, batteries are growing our fastest-growing piece. But we like it all. We see it it's coming our way. And I think the election, yes, I could have a little bit of a delay, but the feedback we're getting from the client is either a Harris or Trump when you're going to have some noise in one or the other, but the business itself and the underlying business continues forward, and I believe our customers would say the same thing.
Drew Chamberlain: Okay. Great. And then just on the data side, you updated the updated the market forecast that you used in the deck calling for a 23% CAGR versus I think it was a 15% prior Kind of just what's changed quarter-over-quarter? Have conversations started to look materially different? And do you think that this higher growth rate is indicative of what your business is going to do and what your internal expectations are over the course of the decade.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Just as a reminder, those are third-party reports that we're putting in there. And I think what it does is just reflects the continuing optimism of how much data center growth is out there as well as the power needs for enabling that data center growth. That's really what we were trying to show in that graph. But from our customer standpoint, I can have Duke tell about that.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean I think that the graphs are certainly indicative of what we see in the business. And when you think about the growth and what we've done yes, some of it is inorganic, but you also need to look at if we've done it consistently over the last 7, 8 years, we'll continue to do that going forward. And I do think the growth of the business at the midpoint staying under two of leverage, you can see it going forward. And it's basically the strategy to the company that put us in a data center business that put us in the renewable business going forward. And when you think about the nexus of it, it all comes together and the need for power at a data center is substantial, can we be a solution to all the things. Yes, are we in the middle of the discussions on all things data, yes, are we in the middle of the discussion offering power? Yes. So it allows us a unique position to help and collaborate with multi-customers. And I just think it's from east to west. And it's a lot of opportunities and the company is pretty excited about what we can do with the growth platform that we built in the TAM that's around a addressable markets are much bigger than they were yesterday. So I like where we sit, and I like our customer base.
Drew Chamberlain: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Brophy with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Brophy: Thanks good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask one on cash flow. So implied free cash flow conversion versus EBITDA for this year is now about 60% excluding that Canadian transmission collection, which is obviously a little bit higher than some of your longer-term targets that are out there. Is there anything in free cash flow this year, is this more onetime in nature? Or is this a good way to think about core free cash flow conversion going forward? Thanks.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. I think we are very pleased with where we sit with our free cash flow. We have -- it's a reflection of several things. One, of course, is the mix of work, the renewable business and the way those contracts are structured, continue to be very working capital accretive. And so you're seeing the benefit of that in our free cash flow guide. We are doing better at our collections. Our DSO is improving. So those things are all factored into our free cash flow guide for the year. I will say going forward, we've said our expectations -- the right way to look at it is around a 45% to 55% conversion rate. With Cupertino now, we do believe we have opportunities to be on the high end of that range and even greater as we've seen this year, but it really depends on the mix of work. And so we have a big storm like we had this year -- this quarter -- last quarter, that can be a drag on free cash flow depending on the mix of the MSA work and how that comes into play, that can also be a drag on working capital. So I think the right way to look at it, Brian, is to continue to be in that 45% to 55% range with very good opportunities to be in the high end of that range.
Duke Austin: The impact of Canada is certainly in the numbers. We don't expect to collect that this year. So that is certainly pressing on the number. That said, -- we did get some of the money in. We like the way the negotiations are going. Nothing wrong. We were highly confident in the claim. We're highly confident in what we've done from a construction statement, which has taken longer to get end of paper in Canada to receive our money. And so I do believe you'll see it in next year. We're not going to press the business to tell you exactly when because I think it's more important to get the right answer for what we deserve and what we've done. And so there's a client. So we're just working with them to get the collections. But nothing wrong with the collection, it's taken a little longer.
Brian Brophy: Appreciate the answer. I have a follow up. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning everyone.
Jayshree Desai: Hello.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke, I know one of the questions you get occasionally is that as some -- ramps down in 2026 given the size of the project that it would be tough to see. We all know there's so much more to Quanta and just large electrical transmission projects. But how do you see that environment? Do you see sort of a new wave of large projects that could come out in 2025 and 2026 or how do you think about that?
Duke Austin: I mean we see multi projects and whether they're $1 billion or $2 billion or $500 million they're there. We're probably in a -- I will say it again, the inbound and the negotiations of variables to what you build discussions are substantial. And I was somewhere the other day and I was listening to -- I can't -- one of the bigger manufacturers seem to talk to you one of them, I can't remember which one of was, talking about transformers and they said, hey, we can get there by 2030. If we said that today on the work that we did, we'll get you by 2030. I would just tell you like it's not -- that's not in our DNA. And that demand is the same for us. The demand for larger projects that are out there has never been greater. And we see it to the west, to the east, you can look at MISO, you can look at SPP. You can look at ERCOT, you can go to 765 build. You can look at anything you want developers this pick something and pick a geography within the country and see if you don't see large transmission, there's just as big as projects. If you add them together or you take one, you take three, we're not concerned with our ability to look at large construction. I do believe you'll see the stacking effect of the business going forward. And we see it in 2026. We see it in 2027, we see it in 2028, going high. We see the same thing they see.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So to that point, Duke, I mean, there's always going to be a little bit of noise, but at the Investor Day that you had a couple of years ago, I mean, you talked about sort of this upside case of 15% plus EPS growth that would get you with capital deployment to $11 to $12 in 2026. I'm sure you don't want to give us guidance 2026. But at the same time, does it feel like you're absolutely tracking to that upside case given what you guys have done with Cupertino and Blattner and then the markets themselves.
Duke Austin: I mean I said just a minute ago, next year, if we grow double-digit EPS, if it's 15%, we certainly have the opportunity for 15%, and beyond. We've grown 20% this year at the midpoint deploying capital. So we see our ability to deploy capital continues. We believe will be in some part of the range will be in double digits in '25. So if it's in 25 and we're going to grow the bottom 10% that gets you to $11.26 if you just do the math. And look, that's easy to say. It comes out real quick. But we've got to get and deliver and execute on it, which I don't think we're a story about tomorrow. We're doing it today. And I think we'll do it in 2025, I think we'll do in 2026. We certainly have the opportunity in the markets are there.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Dudas: Hi, Jayshree, Duke and Kip. How are you doing?
Jayshree Desai: Hi.
Michael Dudas: Maybe following on allocation and capital. Given the extraordinary demand and the excitement that's within vendors serving the electric utility and development industry. When you're talking to the various companies that you look to maybe bring on board in the next couple of years to solidify your long-term plans? Or the industry going to need -- if it seems like there's going to be a lot more scale and consolidation needed and our potential sellers of their businesses looking towards that to kind of get to the next level of their growth and that provides opportunities for you guys to kind of get into the areas to maybe even especially maybe on the front-end engineering kind of work because it seems like the customer base is wanting a lot more of that from you given the collaboration you've been talking about?
Duke Austin: I mean, certainly, the front side of the business, as we call it, the engineering, the permitting, all those things are a big part of the business, and we need to look at those things to add to our strategies, and that's been known for a long time. We're disciplined about how we acquire and we'll grow it organically, we'll grow it somehow some way. If we have to partner, if we can acquire, we'll acquire we're not going to acquire any cost. We've said that before. We are disciplined to it, and we'll stay disciplined to it. So we see that -- we see long term -- if you look at the transformer business we acquired, it's a 100-year-old business, a family business. It wasn't for so. And I think when you think about it, people are -- they want these big long-term businesses, they want stability in their companies. They want to perpetuate the name. They see what we do. They see how we take care of people. They see the culture that we have here, and we're very selective. And when we look at it, I mean, Cupertino is a great example of a multi-decade relationship that generationally, we can provide great things for their people, great things for the management team, great things for the family. And they keep the culture that they've had yesterday and the name is still on the truck today and it will be in a decade from now. So I think that's the key to it is us continue to create the culture that we have here. People generationally, I'm not sure why craft and the perpetuation when you get down, a lot of people that have businesses that are large in nature that provide craft-skills, their kids want to go build -- they want to go build apartments and real estate or other things, they don't really like the businesses that their families have or they're not interested in at craft and things like that, which is fine, is great. So they want -- they're looking for stability for the people. And I think that's the key for us is to find those businesses and attract them and continue to execute on the culture that is here and protected and move forward with it, while we're creating what I would consider great returns for our investors and stakeholders.
Michael Dudas: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sangita Jain with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sangita Jain: Yes, thank you guys for taking my questions. So Duke, did DOE just recently signed on to become an anchor tenant on a handful of transmission projects. Can you tell us what you think that means? Does that bring them to the front of the line? And are you already talking to some of them?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we talked to the DOE. We talked to the people that are anchor tenants quite a bit. You still have got permitting and you still have -- some of them have transformed, some of them don't. I do think it helps, but -- in reality, our utilities or IOUs that are sitting right there, if it's not an IOU, which some of them are, it's -- I'll just say it's -- it has inherent risk and more difficult. It's not that it won't happen. It's just harder. And I do think the projects that you see to the DOE back are good. I mean they're great projects, and we're all around them. And we like that anchor tenant. That's it's a great concept. I think when you look at Texas, with the Texas fund and the things that are happening there same thing, but a lot of the states and the permitting in the states and the PUCs and things like that, it's really about a rate payer discussion. Are we putting pressure on rates at the rate payer level? And when you look at it, T&D is not the biggest piece of the rate. And so we've got to do a better job of how we discuss that to the rate payers because gas interest, a lot of different things are way more impactful than building T&D infrastructure. Actually, T&D infrastructure makes the rates go down through congestion and things like that in those cases. So I think all those things that you have to look at, if you can prove those things out, the projects go much faster.
Sangita Jain: Got it. So that's very helpful. And on that, can I also follow up with the recent transformer acquisition that you announced? And if that is a different type of transformer versus the PTT or I honestly anything that you can tell us on that acquisition would be great.
Duke Austin: Long discussions in the transformer acquisition on the one we just made as well as PTT. So we've been in discussion since pretty covers on the transformer business. We like the business. It's supplemental. It's a little smaller than the class, the bigger class transformer that can be made in PTT, not to say but the utilities they serve, the clients they serve in the areas are certainly there. We can cross sell. We can sell internally. We're out in the 2027, 2028 even into 2029 with these factories. And so we just -- we've got to watch it. We got to understand the market and serve our internal customers as well. And we're in a very, very small percentage of manufacturing. And I think for us, it's really a backstop against if you get tariffs in China or in other places, transformers become difficult and we have U.S. based long-term transformers here. And it will allow us to move our current workforce and projects forward. And we're really derisking the business against those things as well as collaborating with the clients on U.S. based manufacturing. And that's the key for us is to continue down the path and critical path items that we believe are risk to the supply team.
Sangita Jain: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Marc Bianchi: Hi, thanks. I guess this is a little bit of a follow-up to the prior question. There's been some concern expressed by renewable developers around labor and supply chain challenges being a bottleneck to their growth. I know you just talked about the Transformer thing a little bit, talked about labor earlier, but I think that was maybe more around kind of the T&D side of the business. But could you talk about what you're seeing on the ground, like right now as it relates to some of these supply chain concerns. Is there anything that's maybe incrementally worse or better than it was last quarter?
Duke Austin: I mean you have to get into HVDC certain kinds of HVDC, especially DC construction in your large stations to get like a real bad, but besides that, I mean, a transformer is certainly constrained. Breakers are certainly constrained. But we've been able to -- we have a good robust we see it. So I think the things that we've done in our supply chain, we can help and enhance developers certainly, our partners and the ones we collaborate with, for sure, new projects forward. It's certainly something that the company has been able to do and collaborate with on clients. So we like our positioning there. I don't think it's gotten any worse. It hasn't gotten any better though. You would think it would get better, it hasn't. And so it's just kind of stayed the same. Labor -- from our standpoint, I wish that manufacturing would get out of our capacity. I don't believe I'll see it in my lifetime. But we've been able to outpace any kind of permitting bill, any kind of constraint. So if someone says come and build thousand miles of 500 KV tomorrow, I will tell you, if they said it 3 times over 5,000 miles answer yes and yes and yes already.
Marc Bianchi: Got it. Thanks, Duke. That’s all I have.
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Duke Austin: Yes. First of all, I'm going to thank 60,0000 [ph] men and women out in the field and the inclement weather and what they've done is natural disasters. I would tell you they are first responders, they've seen a lot the respect that they deserve is certainly something that we see every day, and I want to thank they had done and held the job and they're the best in the business. And I want to thank you all for participating in the conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter 2024 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com. This morning, we also posted our second quarter 2024 operational and financial commentary and our 2024 outlook expectations summary on Quanta's Investor Relations website. While management will make brief introductory remarks during this morning's call, the operational and financial commentary is intended to largely replace management's prepared remarks, allowing additional time for questions from the institutional investment community. Please remember the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 1st, 2024, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements and information intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or financial performance that -- or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We will also present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and operational and financial commentary. Please refer to these documents for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Lastly, please sign up for email alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com to receive notifications of news releases and other information, and follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Quanta's first half of the year is off to a good start. Our second quarter results highlighted by another quarter of double-digit growth in revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted earnings per share, a record total backlog of $31.3 billion, and strong cash flow. We believe our results reflect the power of our portfolio, sound execution, and continued demand for our services, driven by our customers' multiyear programs to build the renewable generation and power grid infrastructure necessary to support North America's energy transition, load growth security, and reliability. We recently completed the acquisition of Cupertino Electric or CEI, which provides a platform of new service lines and a dynamic customer base, which includes technology companies driving load growth and demand for renewable energy. CEI brings an exceptional management team and a premier craft-skilled workforce that complements Quanta's culture and will create a comprehensive self-performed electric infrastructure solution offering for renewable developers, utilities, and large power consumers from electron generation to transmission to consumption. Utilities across the United States are experiencing and forecasting meaningful increases in power demand for the first time in many years, driven by the adoption of new technologies and related infrastructure, including artificial intelligence and data centers, as well as federal and state policies designed to accelerate the energy transition and policies intended to strategically reinforce the domestic manufacturing and supply-chain resources. There is momentum building across our portfolio of solutions with the complexities of the energy transition, its impact on the power grid, and the significant upgrades and enhancements required to facilitate load growth, our collaborative solution-based approach is valued by our clients more than ever. We continue to look forward to the realization of our multiyear strategic initiatives and the goals we expect to achieve in the coming years. We are positioning Quanta for decades of expected necessary infrastructure investment and believe our service line diversity creates platforms for growth that expand our total addressable market. Our portfolio approach and focus on craft skill labor is strategic. Advance -- is a strategic advantage that we believe provides us the ability to manage risk and shift resources across service lines and geographies, which is increasingly important as the energy transition and new technology add complexity to infrastructure programs. We believe our diversity and portfolio approach has also improved our cash-flow and returns profile and positions us well to allocate resources to the opportunities we find the most economically attractive and to achieve operational efficiencies and consistent financial results. I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta's CFO, to provide a few remarks about our results and 2024 guidance and then we'll take our questions. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported second quarter revenues of $5.6 billion, net income attributable to common stock of $188.2 million or $1.26 per diluted share, and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.90. Adjusted EBITDA was $523.2 million or 9.4% of revenues. We generated healthy cash flows in the second quarter with cash flow from operations of $391.3 million and free cash flow of $258.6 million. This earnings and cash-flow performance allowed us to end the second quarter with ample liquidity and a balance sheet that supports both our organic growth expectations and the opportunistic deployment of capital to generate incremental returns for our stockholders. To that end, and as Duke commented, subsequent to the end of the second quarter, we completed the acquisition of CEI for upfront consideration of approximately $1.5 billion, excluding cash acquired and subject to customary adjustments. We funded $1.3 billion of the transaction with a combination of cash-on-hand, borrowings under our existing commercial paper program, and a new short-term loan facility, and we are currently evaluating debt refinancing options. This morning, we also provided an update to our full-year 2024 financial expectations, which calls for another year of profitable growth with record revenues and opportunity for double-digit growth in adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash flow. Of note, our increased guidance for revenues, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted diluted earnings per share was attributable to the expected contribution from CEI, but otherwise, our prior guidance for these financial metrics remain unchanged. We believe our expectations demonstrate the strength of our portfolio approach to the business, our commitment to our long-term strategy, favorable end-market trends, and our competitive position in the marketplace. Additional details and commentary about our 2024 financial guidance can be found in our operational and financial commentary and outlook expectation summary, both of which are posted on our IR website. With that, we are happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Justin Hauke with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Hauke: Oh, great. Thank you very much. Good morning, everybody. I guess I wanted to start with just kind of a question of maybe the moving pieces, positives and negatives within kind of the organic outlook. I mean, you said you're back here to unchanged. I guess it seems like some of your peers would may say that some of the base kind of low voltage, I don't know if you want to call it more like retail market demand, maybe in your Underground business too is a little bit weaker, some pressure with the utilities offsetting and storm was pretty good here and I guess you had Hurricane Beryl obviously locally to you first couple of weeks of this month. I guess, can you just give us a little bit of the lay of the land of maybe what's moving a little bit stronger and what's a little bit weaker overall getting you back to the same place for your outlook for the year?
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Justin. I think we've said all along that we run a portfolio and we look at it as a portfolio. So the portfolio is performing as expected and I expect it to continue. When we think through just the pushes and pulls that for the most part, the business is performing well better than what we anticipated in many cases. But I do think you see some delineation between segments where you can have a segment that's a little off here or there. I would point out that our UIs, when we forecasted the outlook on it, certainly there's mix and shift of work there. Utilities, when you think about their CapEx budgets as they look at their own budgets, especially ones that have gas and electric, many of them are ahead of their leak replacements or don't have the capital there. So they need the capital over into an underground distribution, transmission, whatever it may be, and it offsets into another segment for us. So that shift of work there, there's larger projects that move back and forth. We like the Underground business. It's healthy. It will continue. We will certainly take a conservative approach to how we look at that segment, starts and stops on our large-diameter pipe, things of that nature. We've always said, we guide to $500 million, and we don't need it to make it. So I stand by that. We don't need it to make the midpoint of the range. The midpoint of the range is $860 million and it's also 15% organic growth at the midpoint of EPS. So I'll say that again, 15% organic growth at the midpoint.
Justin Hauke: Okay, great. Thanks. And then I guess maybe the second one is for Jayshree. So on the -- the renewables margins were really strong here in the quarter, but you mentioned there was still the drag from the handful of projects that you called out in the first quarter. I think in the Q last quarter that the hit from those was about $22 million. Do you have a similar number for 2Q, just so we can kind of have an understanding of what the margins would have been kind of excluding that drag?
Jayshree Desai: Yes. We had a little bit of a drag continue from one of those projects into the second. You'll see in the Q, it's around $20 million, but the overall segment performed very well better than we expected, overcame those challenges from the projects you mentioned in the first quarter. So we're pleased at where that segment is heading.
Duke Austin: Yes. And I'll add, we're performing really well there. There was the 95% or 99.9% of the projects that performed above what we thought as well. We just don't get to point those out.
Justin Hauke: Yes. No, the margins were strong. So it sounds like $20 million was still kind of the same source of pressure in the segment. So, okay, great.
Duke Austin: We've stated three projects. It's the same and there was some drag in the segment, some drag on it. But as you clear out, you can see they performed in kind of double-digit ranges on the way out.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Going forward, that's baked into our expectations. That's what you're seeing with the back-half strength, and we feel like we've got the execution on those things under control and we're confident in our back-half expectations on renewable.
Justin Hauke: Great. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sangita Jain with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sangita Jain: Yes, thanks. Good morning for taking my questions. So, Duke, if I can go back to the earlier question, early this year, you had talked about a shift between transmission and distribution spending. And so far, we are seeing that utility CapEx budgets are under 50% for the first half. So can you help us understand what you're seeing now for the second half if we should see a ramp back in that distribution spend or are you still seeing kind of like air pockets there?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean, I think when you look at our transmission distribution as a service line and not as a segment, we're up 9% for the year. So we haven't seen too much of a drag, whether it be T or D, we're able to shift from one to the other. So you get some segmentation delineation as we said last time, they were up 9% if you just look at the work itself. So that said, yes, there's movements around utilities and whether they're at T or D, we have great deal of EV penetration out West. And so you're seeing some distribution spend there come into the budgets because of the penetration. And like we've said before, 70% of EV sales are in California in the States. And so that's pushing. I will say that you can see the push on the distribution system, and it validates what we've been saying as that push, I can't tell you the pace of it. If it slows down, certainly it will slow down. But nevertheless, as it pushes through, it certainly impacts our distribution systems as you're seeing in California, where the load is substantial, there's a rebuild ongoing out there and I think that will continue as you push into EV. So it doesn't -- you have storm hardening in areas, which are coming into play. We're strengthening. Certainly, in the back half, you can see it in the numbers, and we like where we sit and we're able to -- the portfolio has allowed us to go through the transition. There is ups and downs with different utilities, regulatory impacts, things of that nature. We're ahead of those things. We know what's coming. So the company has done a really nice job of putting ourselves in great positions to take advantage of our portfolio as we move through the year.
Sangita Jain: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks. And if maybe this one is for Jayshree. On the renewables book-to-bill in the quarter, how much do you think was a result of SunZia burning at high rates? And how much was it an actual lag in booking renewables maybe?
Jayshree Desai: Yes, for sure, the SunZia burn has an impact on that burn, but we are booking work. In fact, as we pointed out, we're booking additional work past the quarter. But we are held to a higher comp because of that SunZia impact from last year, no doubt about it. But work is coming. We still feel very good about the year, and we continue to book work in that segment.
Duke Austin: Yes.
Sangita Jain: Great. Thank you so much.
Duke Austin: I would add that the top line is one thing, but I also think that there's margin accretion in this segment as well that will certainly look differently in next year as we operate better through and execute better through this work. And I'm not concerned at this point around the top as well, right? We see growth. We see growth in '25, right? SunZia will be there in '25, and we've always said you'll have some stacking effect along the way as you CAGR the growth and multi-year outlook, we've talked about it over and over and over again that you will stack on top of your base. Your base grows nicely. We stack some larger projects on top. That stacking effect is certainly there and will continue.
Sangita Jain: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Brophy with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Brophy: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Just wanted to stick with renewable energy here. Obviously, there's some trade uncertainty out there, election uncertainty out there. Are you guys seeing any impact from this from customers? Are customers pulling back away at all as we await some clarity? Just curious what you're hearing and seeing there? Thanks.
Duke Austin: A couple of things on that on the renewable side. I think you have a technology sector that is certainly backstopping most everything when you consider elections and the way the budgets are and from our standpoint, technology continues to want renewable generation and they're driving whether it be chips or data centers or hyperscalers or whatever, they're driving the renewable business behind the what you would consider policy from road switching. So that drive will continue to as far as I'm concerned, the Republican or Democratic has done well in both. We've been pretty agnostic to what parties in power. And that drive in the backstop of technology is what's driving the load growth, which continues. And whether it's renewables or gas-fired generation to back it, all those things play in certainly into where we're at and the cheapest of generation is transmission, the country still needs a significant amount of transmission to facilitate any kind of fuel switching or load growth.
Brian Brophy: That's helpful. Thanks. And then I just want to ask about TS Conductor. Can you talk about details on that investment? What was the rationale there? And just broadly, how are you thinking about opportunities in the manufacturing space? This is now the second deal you guys have done with the manufacturer here in the last year. Thanks.
Duke Austin: Yes, what you have is small investment there, alignment really to understand kind of where we're at. And we like the technology. We think it's helpful when you're talking about, we do a lot of energized reconductoring or reconductoring in these corridors and being a part of that solution, great customer-base in there that's invested as well. So we invested alongside our customers as well and we like the technology, we know a lot about it, we have worked many years to one conductor. So we think it's a good technology. It has some solutions across the board and is certainly something we want to be a part of.
Brian Brophy: Appreciate it. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. My first question just on underground and utility. I think in the quarter, you mentioned a mix issue. If you could elaborate on that. And I think you lowered your margin target. Just why? And I'm wondering how stronghold this performing given some -- you're hearing industrial weakness in other parts of the industrial landscape? And then my second question, Duke, it is for you just strategically. You've had some pretty good success recently with M&A and some of the questions I get from investors are, is it going to be harder for Quanta to continue to grow organically just because of the law large number starts to work against them. And with your success in acquisitions, I'm just wondering going forward should we expect greater balance or even potentially more growth or the portfolio driven by M&A versus organic growth if the mix shifts more to M&A versus organic growth for those reasons? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Jamie. I'll go to the UI segment. The industrial business performed great. I think we set records there. I continue to believe that it will going forward. So we like the business. We invested in Evergreen. We like that business as well. So early in the year, we continue to see good margins. It stabilizes a lot of the fluctuations in it. We did have some shift in business, some larger work that you can't predict when those things start, we never like to. So I would just say some of it just pushed our -- from my standpoint, I'm unwilling to put it in the forecast. It may come back in, but we're going to be prudent about how we look at it and we are facing an election year and things of that nature. So we're going to be prudent about how we guide. I didn't like the way it looked and so we made some decisions on the UI segment. And then we had some MSA movement within the distribution business, LDC business where you had some consolidated utilities move the capital from LDC into underground electric or storm hardening or whatever it may be. So we picked it up on the other side. We also moved those crews to the other side. It shows up in the renewables and electric segment. So most of the resources and things like that will move over. We're not really -- our headcount is 58,000 plus today. So we're -- our headcount is up, and it was just a segment movement as well. So some shift there, some shift and outward work on bigger projects, but the industrial business we like and it's growing nicely. And we're conservative on guidance there. So M&A, I think you can't predict M&A when we look at it. I will say organically over the past two years, you're growing at least at the EPS line 15% at the midpoint of our guide this year and what we've done last year and probably the year before wouldn't surprise me. I didn't look that far back, but we've been able to grow the business organically and I know a lot of big numbers and I look at them too. And they were big when they -- it was a $1 billion company. They're big when it's five and they're big when it's 20. So we just have to put our heads down and go to work and execute. I'm not worried about what everyone else is doing. Quanta needs to focus on solutions, and we really have a good strategy on M&A. I like what we see. We acquired a great platform that provides them with multi-verticals off of it. So I think we actually put ourselves in a position to have more M&A opportunities. Now whether we do it or not, it just depends, depends on the company. It depends on timing. We're going to be conservative with the balance sheet like we have been leveraging it. But I think you invest in Quanta for a couple of reasons. One, we're going to execute our macro markets, and lastly, how we deploy free cash. And if we deploy free cash the way we have in the past decade, I like our chances going forward.
Jamie Cook: Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thanks, ma'am.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Kip, Duke, Jayshree.
Jayshree Desai: Good morning.
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: So maybe update us on the communications business. You highlighted $900 million or so revenue this year. What's the tone of that business? It seems like you're probably targeting more value on the margin side relative to growth. And do you see some visibility as we move out the next couple of years, any trends or client discussions that could give it some improved traction going forward?
Duke Austin: Yes, we like the business. I mean, I think it's not something that the company certainly has some nice clients, and we continue to invest with them and our resources. The business has always been fairly dynamic and moves quickly and budgets move in and out. And so we're pretty, what I would call, prudent about how we invest in the business. We can grow it or not grow it and it doesn't really impact us too much. So the growth hasn't come from the segment at this point, not to say it won't, we just haven't really pushed on it. I really look at customer bases, whether they're regulated, non-regulated, how much exposure we want to in communications, and how we invest and allocate capital. So as we see that we make adjustments here or there to support our clients. But the business is fine. The RDOF money or whatever, whatever the end clotures these days. They say it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, big spins, big spins. I haven't seen it yet. When it gets there, I'm sure we'll grow.
Michael Dudas: Got it. That's great. Thanks, Duke.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with B. Riley Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you. Good morning, Duke. A lot of tailwinds here driving your business. Any chance you could rank which ones might have the greatest impact on your business over the next three years?
Duke Austin: Yes. Alex, I think the customer base -- the technology customer base is what's driving load growth and what really gives me what I believe is something that we can point to that backstops most everything, the amount -- the demand side of that. And no matter how you think about it, if it's even half what we're talking about from a gigawatt standpoint, it's substantial. Substantially more than anyone thought. The capital budgets of our customers continue to rise, whether it be technology, whether it be utility. So that rise is certainly something that we can point to. But I would just say the backstop of technology against all things power or data center, whatever it may be, is there and then you roll it back and go over. Do they have a product to sell? And they absolutely do. I mean I think people are willing to spend money on AI, people willing to spend. So there is a product against the infrastructure that's necessary to be put in place. So I do believe the builds would have necessary to backstop generation and are really being driven by technology. So I'll just point to that at this point for the driver of growth.
Alex Rygiel: And then with sort of this new big backdrop of technology driving your business, are you going to market and selling a broader portfolio of services in a different way today than maybe you did in the past?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean, I think we're more solution-based and trying to understand where the client and trying to have end-to-end solutions and whether it be front side of the business and provide the solution to the client. As clients start moving faster, if you want to go faster, you really need to be inclusive and we have to understand what the bottlenecks are from transformers all the way through it. And so our ability to really take out the bottlenecks to go faster to market is something that the company prides itself on. And I think everyone that we deal with wants to go faster today. Can we do it faster, can we do it faster? So our ability to get it to market quicker and on time and relatively in line with budget is something that people want and we're able to provide that.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just a question on cash-flow related to the Canadian receivables. It sounds like you're still pretty confident in the position that you have there. Maybe if you could just give us a little more color on the timing of collection and thoughts around the guidance raise or the guidance maintaining there against the general guidance raise. And how tied is your deleveraging post CEI to the collection of that Canadian receivables?
Duke Austin: Yes. So there is -- I'll let Jayshree to give the numbers, but still we're confident in our position. We're starting -- we said it would start to happen in the second half of the year. So part of this is just the way the settlement works and the way we're working through it with the client. I expect it to be in chunks like you've seen today, but look, we're getting closer and closer every day. If it's not by the end of the year, it's very shortly thereafter. So we're making great progress working with the client in a collaborative manner and I see no issue with that receivable. As you can see, some of it's starting to move forward now. So I like where we sit there. I'll let Jayshree comment on the rest.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. I mean, we'll be under 2 times. Our expectation is under 2 times the leverage by the end of the year. And even without for whatever reason, we weren't able to collect, which again, we don't expect that. But to answer your question, we'd still be below 2 times.
Steven Fisher: Okay, excellent. And then, Duke, just a bigger-picture question to follow up on the M&A. I mean, you've really broadened the capabilities of the company over the last several years. What does service line diversity mean for you going forward? Is it just sort of tweaks from here? Do you think there's still a lot more you can do to kind of diversify the service lines?
Duke Austin: I think we really understand craft skill and how they think and how we think about it and how we respect that trade. So we have a workforce development, we have training that we've invested a significant amount in across craft. And I truly believe it doesn't matter what craft it is. So if it's inside electric, it gives us a whole new craft skill workforce because the high voltage and low voltage, the transferability between the two is not bail, I mean, you have to be trained on both sides of that. And so you can't move them across a little bit you can, some can but it's not as easy as it sounds. So there is extra training required on both sides of that movement. So I do believe that the voltage workforce gives us the whole new venue there. And then the things that we can do to meet customer demand across that from a craft standpoint are there. We like the front side of our business as we've discussed before, we need to get basically more scale-out of the front side of the business. And so we'll continue to try to either organically grow that or make acquisitions in that side of the business. So we're not afraid to make acquisitions that makes sense. I think we try to be prudent about that and we're patient. We're not. There's nothing imminent ever. We talked to Cupertino probably over seven or eight years and it happens when it happens. And I think we're patient. And I want to make world-class companies and I think we have the very best in the business and graph. So we want to lead the way there and we'll be patient until we see the right kind of opportunities to add to the comprehensive solutions that we already have.
Steven Fisher: Sounds good. Thank you.
Duke Austin: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Mehta: Yes, good morning, Duke and Jayshree. First question is more of a big-picture --
Jayshree Desai: Good morning.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, Jayshree. Big picture question around the regulatory environment. There is no doubt there is an enormous demand for your services and the need for utility CapEx to upgrade the grid. But as we've seen in some tough regulatory outcomes, including in places like Illinois, sometimes questions about the commitment of the regulator to push those capital increases through. And so I just love your perspective on the regulatory environment and the juxtaposition of the enormous need for the services relative to the constraints from a regulatory perspective.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think it's a couple of things. I do believe that energy is top of everyone's mind. Affordability is on top of everyone's mind and you're in a political environment. Sitting here in Houston and watching the hurricane and with our own customer, knowing that they did a really nice job getting people in here. And the political outcry on day two of 2.7 million people out with pine trees 100 foot tall, falling across wire all throughout to expect them to have service back in two days and the outcry and what it's done politically is not even close to fair for the money that's spent. If you want that, you want certainty and you want it up in two days, spend $1 trillion, and underground it, you'll fix it. And until you do, no matter what pull you put in and when you put a 100-foot tree across the water, it's coming down. And so I just -- that outcry that we see from a regulatory standpoint, it doesn't match where the country wants to move and it's expensive, it cost money. So that affordability is something that every single customer we have, whether it doesn't matter where you're at. We all face it, we have to help them and we have to be out there and try to be prudent about how we look at cost that's why we're looking at solutions that are different. And we're certainly there to help and try to make this smoother and they depend on us to do so. So I do believe whether it's political, whether you're in a political season. So I mean, it's fun times around. Once we get through that, I think some of this will die down and we can get the country moving in the right direction towards a transition. And if it's not if we don't believe it's EV, if we don't believe it's renewables and the heat will continue and you'll have 114, 115 and we'll need another air-conditioner in every house. So either way, you're going to push load.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thanks, Duke. And then the follow-up is Cupertino really built on your data center platform. But as you think about what data center focused opportunities could look like five years from now, how could you envision Quanta really scaling that business and what could success look like to capture the 15% type of growth in CAGR that you alluded to in your slides?
Duke Austin: Yes, they're a real nice renewable business as well. So I wouldn't discount what they're doing there with batteries and solar. So I do think they're doing a nice job there as well and you can see it show-up in the solar and the guidance. And we like that as well. But the data center piece and onshoring of chips and all those kind of things, factories are right down the wheelhouse where we think Cupertino can grow. They were limited by resources, bonding capacity, things of that nature. I do think our solution base a more comprehensive solution to their client base and balance sheet speed-to-market and our ability to manufacture transformers, just everything that we're trying to accomplish to speed-to-market is something that their client base values. So I like where we sit and we're early. I know there's synergies in the market and we were talking around kind of an 8%. I know it's better. I know we can do better than that. I know they know we can do better than that. So we'll continue to find synergies and I think you'll see the growth not only in the top line but also in the bottom line of the company. Our cash-flow profile looks different. If you look at our returns, they look different. So we continue to push the company in the right spot in the macro markets that we're in, they want solutions. We continue to say we're a solution provider. So here it is.
Neil Mehta: Thank you, Duke.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Jayshree Desai: Good morning.
Chad Dillard: So a couple of questions for you on the implied second-half guidance. So first on your Electric business. It seems like the second half, there's going to be a pretty significant ramp in revenues half-over-half or year-on-year, even if you factor out the recent acquisition. So I was hoping you could help us bridge that and get comfortable with that. And then secondly, in the renewable business, at least like based on the guide again, like excluding CEI, it looks like growth starts to flatten out as we exit the year. So I just want to get some color on how confident you feel about the reacceleration of that growth in that business.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Hi, Chad. On the -- let me start with renewables. We -- again we are sitting in a good spot. We feel good about where our customers are headed. As Duke pointed out, we're not seeing any concerns yet from our major customers around election noise, et cetera. I do think, again, the quality of the customer base matters a lot in the renewable market. So we still feel very confident about our end-of-year expectations there. We are, of course, as you know, we tend to be conservative. We want to see the market develop over the next six months. So any sort of perceived pullback is only that. We continue to enter contracts or continue to build projects. We don't see any concern sitting here today. And on the electric side, it is a strong back half, but that is -- Duke touched on it. We're seeing our utility customers continue to want to spend capital. We believe that, that capital has come in. We've got big programs that we've entered into and that will start ramping towards the back half of the year. So all of those things give us confidence in our revenue expectations that we've laid out in our guide for both the electric and renewables segments.
Duke Austin: Yes, try to stick a little color to you on that. I would say that as we see it, it's difficult to build big solar. But one of the reasons that we felt like we needed to lean into Blattner and give us the very best-in the business was we're concerned with building big solar projects. It's not easy. It looks easy, it's just not. And so I think that is something we have a lot of -- a great deal of confidence in. So does the client base. So the need for renewables to support the tech growth gives you what we believe is visibility for the long haul here and continue. I'm not saying they won't build gas, I'm not saying it will be a new plant there, but you're backstopping renewables and you want redundancy in their system. So if they don't build at day one, they'll build at day two. They're pushing renewables into the system eventually. So I do believe that will continue. We like what we see going forward under any administration. Yes, I think we've taken a prudent approach to guidance and Jayshree is right. I mean, we are starting programs that give us a lot of visibility into the back half on the electric segment as well as the renewable segment. So we feel confident. We just need to execute through here.
Chad Dillard: Great. That's super helpful. And I just wanted to return to a conversation earlier in the call about the shift from our distribution, both electric and gas towards transmission at your utility customers. So I understand that that's what's happening today or like at least for 2024. But like any color you can give from your conversations with your customers about whether you'll see like incremental dollars of capital flowing back to the distribution side of the CapEx equation?
Duke Austin: I mean it's regional. You have some movements in there. I didn't say our electric business was moving one-way or the other, by the way. Just said, we have the ability to move them around as necessary. I feel like our distribution on the electric side is fine. There is some push in certain regions, but it's growing in others. So I'm not too concerned there. The gas side of the business moving some capital off-gas into electric, where you're caught up in some gas things and nothing releases, things like that. So they're moving over into electric for the year. Just it happens able to move budgets around, we're able to accommodate. So there is some movement, there are always movement though. I'll say always. We're always moving into substations or transmission distribution, it doesn't matter. We're fungible, our skill-sets are fungible, they can move them around. That's part of that solution that we provide to the client and gives it the ultimate what I consider flexibility. And our job is to provide that flexibility to the client and that solution, we can give it to them.
Chad Dillard: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Jayshree Desai: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Duke, you talked about a bit of a low in contracting last quarter as your customers were trying to figure out how to deal with the higher load growth, but you obviously had a nice uptick in electric power backlog this quarter. So did that lull effectively come to an end? And then can you talk about your confidence level about growing backlog from here? Are you starting to see these larger MSA renewables accelerating again?
Duke Austin: Yes, I think what we saw when I said low, I just think it's you reset a bit in this transition, we'll continue to see that. Now I'm looking at their capital budgets and you're talking about 15 gigs of solar, wind or of the load for that matter. You're going to see some movements across the segments consistently. I do think everyone's maintaining their capital budgets. We continue to point to it. And they're going up because the load is going up. You can't deny the fact that if you're going to add 15 gigs, 10 gigs, seven gigs of generation, load is going up, capital is going up. How you do it, whether it's gas fire, whether it's renewables, it's still moving up. If we build gas fire across the systems, it stabilizes renewables and it actually makes renewables faster and better. So I wouldn't get to -- I mean, you'll see some of those movements across these capital spends move. We just got to be flexible with how we look at it. So I think transmission is something that's extremely important. We saw PGM yesterday on Go Out and you can see the pricing at the capacity market. I just and you can say, okay, it's one-time, but the fact is demand is far outseeing supply. It's 101 economics. And it just is there, it's been there, it's been coming. We need transmission in this country and we got to build it.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful. And then could you give us a little more color into how your Canadian business deal is doing? I think it's been a drag on you guys for quite a while. I know you expected some improvement in the second-half of this year. I think you had some positive commentary regarding still expecting improvement in Canada in your release, but could you update us on where you are in that geography?
Duke Austin: I mean, it's certainly getting better. The macro market is getting better. We expect the second half to be increasingly better quarter-over-quarter and into '25 because the market is getting better. Canada is always a particular market it has higher highs and low lows. And so you move along with it, but we were able to move a lot of the resources into the States, still are in the States, helping in supporting some of the growth in the States. And as we see Canada come back, we'll push into Canada more and Australia is a nice business as well. It's been very, very nicely. So we like the business long-term. It's -- we just got to -- we right sized kind of the backside of it and we'll grow off that again and just be cautious about how we look at that on a go-forward basis. But I do think in the next year, we see, we book the work and see where that will allow us and bring the margins up very close to parity with the rest of the segment throughout the year. It's incremental though. It's not all at once.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate all the color.
Duke Austin: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Duke Austin: Yes. So we appreciate the 58,000 plus employees and their dedication to the clients and what they go through every day with the heat and rain and they work 16 hour days, 20 days in a row. And it doesn't go unnoticed, it doesn't go unnoticed from management team and clients will appreciate you. And we'd like to thank all you for participating in the conference call. We appreciate your questions, your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Kip Rupp: Thank you and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2024 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com. 
 As highlighted in our earnings release this morning, we've recently updated our earnings call format and supplemental materials. Shortly after the release of our financial results this morning, we posted our first quarter 2024 operational and financial commentary and our 2024 outlook expectation summary on Quanta's Investor Relations website. While management will make brief introductory remarks during this morning's call, the operational and financial commentary is intended to largely replace management's prepared remarks, allowing additional time for questions from the institutional investment community. 
 Additionally, we no longer have a slide presentation to accompany this call as the information that has historically been included in the presentation can now be found in our operational and financial commentary. 
 Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 2, 2024. And therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. 
 This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability, established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. 
 We will also present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and operational and financial commentary. Please refer to these documents for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. 
 With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke? 
Earl Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we reported our first quarter 2024 results, which included double-digit growth in revenue, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per share and strong cash flow, demonstrating an overall good start to the year. 
 Total backlog at quarter end was $29.9 billion, which we believe reflects the value of our collaborative client relationships and evidences the momentum we see for 2024. Utilities across the United States are experiencing and forecasting meaningful increases in power demand for the first time in many years driven by the adoption of new technologies and related infrastructure, including artificial intelligence and data centers as well as federal and state policies designed to accelerate the energy transition and policies intended to strategically reinforce domestic manufacturing and supply chain resources. 
 With the complexities of the power grid and the significant upgrades and enhancements required to facilitate load growth, our collaborative solution-based approach is valued by our clients more than ever. We continue to look forward to the realization of our multiyear strategic initiatives and the goals we expect to achieve in this and the coming years. 
 We are positioning Quanta for decades of expected necessary infrastructure investment and believe our service line diversity creates platforms for growth that expand our total addressable market. Our portfolio approach and focus on craft skilled labor is strategic -- a strategic advantage that we believe provides us the ability to manage risk and shift resources across service lines and geographies, which is increasingly important as the energy transition accelerates. 
 We believe our diversity and portfolio approach has also improved our cash flow profile and positions us well to allocate resources to the opportunities we find most economically attractive and to achieve operating efficiencies and consistent financial results. 
 I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta's CFO, to provide a few remarks about our results and 2024 guidance. And then we will take your questions. Thanks. Jayshree? 
Jayshree Desai: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported first quarter revenues of $5 billion, net income attributable to common stock of $118.4 million or $0.79 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.41. Adjusted EBITDA was $387.3 million or 7.7% of revenue. Of note, we generated healthy cash flows in the first quarter with cash flow from operations of $238 million and free cash flow of $181.2 million, both setting first quarter records. 
 This earnings and cash flow performance allowed us to end the first quarter with ample liquidity and a balance sheet that supports both our organic growth expectations and the opportunistic deployment of capital to generate incremental returns for our stockholders. To that end, year-to-date, we've acquired 4 companies for aggregate consideration of approximately $500 million. 
 This morning, we also provided an update to our full year 2024 financial expectations, which calls for another year of profitable growth with record revenues and opportunity for double-digit growth in adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow. We believe our expectation demonstrates the strength of our portfolio approach to the business, our commitment to our long-term strategy, favorable end-market trends and our competitive position in the marketplace. 
 Additional details and commentary about our 2024 financial guidance can be found in our operational and financial commentary and outlook expectation summary, both of which are posted on our IR website. 
 With that, we are happy to answer your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. 
Jamie Cook: Congrats on the quarter. I guess just 2 questions, one shorter term, one longer term. Jayshree, could you just talk a little bit about the renewable margins? I think they fell a little short relative to expectations. And how -- any color, I guess, behind that? 
 And then I guess the second question would be for Duke, just a longer-term question. Obviously, lots of talk throughout the past couple of months on AI, data centers, et cetera. If you could just talk to just because you're so close with -- and how that impacts, I guess, grid load growth. If you could just talk to what you're hearing from your customers in terms of how they're going to approach this, how you think about CapEx trends accelerating. Just any color around how Quanta would be positioned there? 
Earl Austin: Thanks, Jamie. Welcome back. I'll take the margin question. I think from our standpoint, when we look at the segment -- renewables segment, we had some series of projects there that -- a series of work, call it, 5% of the portfolio on the solar/wind side. They just didn't perform, didn't execute to where we should have executed that and what we expect from ourselves and what our customers expect. So yes -- look, it's a small piece. We grew the business, I can make tons of excuses, I am not. We own it. We didn't execute like we should. And the rest of the portfolio really is -- the majority -- the vast majority of the jobs, of the projects, of everything we're doing there is exceeding our expectations. We expect that to continue. 
 Growth creates some inefficiencies, and we've showed up. So we got to fix it. And it's not something that -- it's later stage in the projects. And so I'm not concerned. It's just part of it in the first quarter, seasonality and everything else, a little bit of noise shows up. But all in all, I think the segment is performing nicely. 
 What we see in the future looks great. The backlog is certainly accelerating in the renewables segment. So we're excited about what we see going forward. We are executing for how many people we put in the field and what we've added to this segment. I feel real good about it. We do invest in growth. It has some inefficiencies as you move forward and showed up. So I think all in all, we like what we see. 
 As far as data centers I think the macro demand of electricity is obviously moving up. At any time you have demand, it's great for the business, it's great for our customers. It -- if you go back, you roll it back, call it, 9 months ago, we needed some data center demand, but nothing like we saw show up in January, February, March. It caught me off guard a little bit to see the amount. You're talking one customer is talking 100 gigs. So when you start talking about one customer with 100 gigs, it's just -- it's mind-blowing, in my mind, to think about the amount of electricity necessary and primarily winning renewables. 
 So both sides of the business, both T&D and our renewable business, stand to gain quite a bit and our customers as well. But it's not easy from a rate base. It's not easy to deal with those kind of things showing up at your doorstep when you're trying to plan for 30 years and you build out a huge power plant, and it's gone in one day. 
 So I think from our -- the planning piece of the business is difficult. It is certainly showing up, it's certainly pressing us, our customers, everyone to plan better and to think longer term. We're trying to put a 4-decade, 3-decade-type build in 90-day windows. It doesn't work. It's a very long-term build here. I think the company is set right in the middle of it. I like where we sit from the ancillary piece of data centers. I like -- we're talking to hyperscalers. We're talking to all of them about how we can help benefit and collaborate with our clients and then to get power sources. And certainly in demand, it's a unique time. It's exciting. We're excited about it. We're excited to work with our clients, and they expect a lot of us. We just -- we need to deliver and execute. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke or Jayshree, can you give us a little more color into electric power? What happened in the quarter going forward? Revenue was, as you know, down just a little bit, but margin was quite a bit higher than you forecast and I think quite good for a seasonally weak Q1. You didn't change your expectation for the segment for the year, but maybe you could talk about your confidence that distribution-focused revenue does improve in the second half. And does the higher margin Q1 signal potential for margin upside in the segment? 
Earl Austin: Sure. So a little bit, I think this is something we've talked about the portfolio and combining electric power and renewables together, and so I want to go through that a little bit. 
 If you look at the electric business, which is transmission, substation and distribution and you look across the segments, so the segments are delineated today, which is causing some -- when you print the numbers, it doesn't look like what the business is from those 3 things. So an electric work type, it's up over 5% in the quarter. That's because pieces of the business is over in renewable segment, and pieces of it are in the electric segment. 
 But the business itself together is up 5.3%. So it's just the way the segments look. You've got to combine them. It's got to look like a portfolio. The delineations are causing some number print. It doesn't look like with where the business is at. So I wanted to explain work type, which is electric, substation, distribution and transmission are up 5.3% in the quarter. And our backlog is almost flat. 
 Yes, I think the backlog of the business and what we see is timing, there's MSA timing. It's early. It's the first quarter. We fully expect to be at record levels. The bigger projects, the renewal prices are complicated. It takes a long time to negotiate. We're not going to press negotiations against a 90-day print. It just doesn't make sense for us. 
 So we'll be patient. We're not concerned. We see an outstanding -- we were just talking about load growth. Any time you got more load, you got more business. It's simple when you think about it. So more demand, more business. We see more demand than we've ever seen. And so I just -- I feel good about it. 
 As far as margins, the electric print, we operated great, even a little down. So we've always said that you can operate in double digits. It doesn't matter what the revenue is. That's what we're really trying to drive is the EPS and those margins. So in that -- in the segment, I thought we had a nice -- performed well in this segment. And liked where we're going. I think there is opportunity. We -- it's early. We're not going to change guidance in 90 days. So it looks good. We have lots of opportunity. I would say we have more upside than we do downside on a go-forward basis in the segment. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Very helpful. And maybe just to follow up on your commentary, last quarter, you mentioned sort of the better visibility around large transmission projects. You just talked about MSAs in answering my question. So just the conviction level in sort of the backlog increase again, I know it doesn't happen in the quarters over the year. But is it more base business you think that grows or larger project business that grows in '24? Is it both? 
Earl Austin: I think the back half of '24, your distribution business starts to become increasingly -- I would say, you'd start booking more work, you start to see your MSAs, your crude counts move up again. There is some shift in the transmission versus distribution in certain areas, the Southeast and places where -- what's happening is you're seeing the data centers show up, you're seeing the demand show up on the transmission side. And you've already got your capital out if your utility customers -- so you have to build the transmission and you're going to pull capital off the distribution systems a bit and move it into the transmission systems. 
 It's fine that was -- that's why we're diversified. That's why the company sits where it sits. We're able to be nimble and move. It's not an issue, but it does show up. And your MSA work on the distribution side is softer than normal. And that's -- we talked about that in the fourth quarter where we're working 40, 50 hours versus 70. I think that's still the case. I do believe as you move into the later part of the year, you're going to start seeing us work more -- I'm not inclined to say more 60-, 70-hour weeks. 
 And our head count is still almost 54,000, which is up 4,000 year-over-year. I feel highly confident that as EV starts to penetrate to the West, that's moving up already. And the EV kind of moves across, there's -- we've got to build infrastructure. And certainly, we see it showing up in certain areas. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: I wanted to take a few moments to talk about some of the M&A activity in the quarter, both as an active quarter from bolt-on acquisitions and also some divestitures. So talk to us a little bit about what excites you about what you added to your portfolio. And how does this all fit into the strategy? 
Earl Austin: We acquired Sherman+Reilly, which was blocks and pullers. If you're in the business, you're in the craft, you grew up with Sherman+Reilly as part of the ecosystem, it's been in business since 1927. It's something that I think from our standpoint, our people in the field, they deserve the product that's safe, the training that they have, what they do with the pullers and tensioners and the things that they have, the R&Ds they put into it, coupled with what we're trying to accomplish. It was compelling for us. There's a lot of wire talk about being pulled. There's new conductors out. There's lots of technology that we believe we can bring to market here. 
 And lastly, concerned with the capacity. We're always concerned with supply chain capacity. It was -- it's something that I believe is very specialized, it needs to be safe. We need to protect our people a bit, make sure it's in good hands and a lot of our clients use the pullers as well and our internal resources. It's certainly something that we value and really proud to have that piece of business. 
 As far as the divestiture, the divestiture is basically an oil and gas legacy business we've had since 2015 or before, and certainly something that we've looked at for a long time to say this is not something that we're going to invest in. It's better off in other people's hands. It's international. The company has made the decision not to go into international -- not to go international at this point. So it's something that need to be divested and someone it will do great. The management team is fantastic. The new owners will be happy with the business. 
Neil Mehta: And then the follow-up is just on the SunZia project. Obviously, it's a very important project for the company. Just give us the latest temperature or latest progress report there. And anything we should be watching out for, whether it's some of the litigation stuff or just in terms of managing through execution challenges that inevitably happen with big projects? 
Earl Austin: No, SunZia is doing great. We're doing well. I think the team had a great plan. We put it together. All I see is good things coming out of that. We're progressing nicely. No issues on [ permanent ]. I don't think there would be, but there's no issues there. 
 Did the long line. It could be noisy here or there, but I've not seen anything on that but really good production. Safety is great. Working hand in hand with the client. So I continue to like that project. We're early in opportunities to release contingencies as we go through it. So I really believe that it's going to be a nice one, actually, wish I was running it. So it's a [ long one ]. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Brophy with Stifel. 
Brian Brophy: Just continuing the conversation on the low growth discussion around data centers. We've seen some pretty eye-popping estimates in terms of what that may mean. You alluded to some of that earlier in your comments. Just curious how you're thinking about the industry's capacity to meet some of these demands and what that might mean ultimately for your pricing and margins? 
Earl Austin: Yes. Again, it's more utilization and returns for us when you start looking at pricing. When we think about it, we need to execute. We need to execute double-digit platforms that we've talked about over time. And I think it's more of that than it is some kind of pricing pressure. But I do think what we see it's so unique and tech really, really wants it now, they got money, they want to pay for it. It's just regulatory, the -- how do you set rates that are fair for everyone else. And it's starting to get -- you can see, it's starting to get figured out across the country of how to accommodate loads that we're seeing. But it's not going to happen overnight.
 If you want renewable resources as well, it's another complication when you start to talk about it. We were already fuel switching. Now we're fuel switching and doubling loads in 90 days, it seems like. But in general, I would say that load is real. It's coming and people are paying for it. It creates demand across renewables and our electric segment. We need a robust grid, the cheapest one in generation is transmission, it always will be. So I like where we sit in. We can help.
 We -- certainly, we talk about a solution-based approach. If there's ever been a solution-based approach that it's going to work, it will be within this because it's complicated on how to get renewables to load sources. And you're seeing power plants, nuclear power plants get bought really with the whole power plant going towards data centers.
 So I never thought we would see that in my lifetime, and now we're seeing it show up. And I just -- it's creating some unique circumstances across the country. And it's not only in Virginia. It's across every single customer we have that 3 megs, 4 megs show up. And it's tomorrow. They want tomorrow and they want it in a renewable state.
 So I like where we sit. We can certainly help. We can certainly sit on both sides of that. And I like what we can accomplish. Just got to plan more, plan better both on distribution and on transmission and collaborate with the client. The better we serve the customer, the better the company will do. 
Brian Brophy: That's great. And I guess one other one. I think the DOE announced some permitting reform to some grid capacity transmission lines, streamlining some of the environmental reviews here a few days ago. Curious how impactful you think that might be? 
Earl Austin: It's incrementally helpful, especially out west. But still state policies, state regulations, PUCs, commissions, we've got to get around the fact that load is significantly higher. And we've got an investment grid. It's -- we're late already, we're behind, I believe. And so we need to catch up and we need to make sure that this transition doesn't -- it's like sitting on a track and the train come at you.
 You've got to invest in infrastructure. The more modern your infrastructure is, rates go down on an NPV basis when you look on a go-forward. So investment now pays off for the next generation. So you just have to invest in it. And I think that's the case today, and we need to keep going. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen. 
Marc Bianchi: The first one I wanted to ask was on -- related to this load growth outlook with the data center stuff that everybody has been talking about. What role do you see for gas-fired generation? And how is your business exposed to that, if perhaps some of that occurs behind the meter at the customer site? 
Earl Austin: I mean I do think gas generation is going to play a role in that and to some degree here in this transition. They still want renewables. Data centers want renewables. You're going to have to balance the load. Values aren't coming fast enough -- so you're going to have to balance a little of natural gas.
 The problem I see is a lot of gas-fired is coming into play. If you talk about 1 gig, 2 gigs, 3 gigs, 4 gigs of gas-fired generation, you're still off 96 gigs. So you can't build enough generation -- enough renewable generation for what we see coming. So I do believe that you need to balance the load and it will help. Batteries are coming along.
 But I still -- if you try to build a piece of pipe in this country to feed the natural gas systems, therein lies the problem. I hear it -- I mean I see it, I see 10 12 gas-fired generation plants being proposed. I still don't know how we're going to get the piece of pipe to it to feed them. 
Marc Bianchi: Yes, yes. Sorry, Duke, go ahead. 
Earl Austin: That's it. 
Marc Bianchi: Okay. The other question I had was on the renewable margin progression. So if I look at where -- for the second quarter is discussed to be maybe just below 8%, and then you're going to be double digits in the back half. Can you talk about what's driving the conviction in that improvement? And then also, I think in the past, you talked about some contingency release that would come later on in the project time line. I'm curious where you are with that in the back half of this year? 
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes, we are seeing that progression. We do believe that as these projects progress across some various risks and contingencies, we'll be able to release some of that in the back half. You got to -- the segment is more than just solar/wind. There's a lot of transmission substation work. All of that is going to see a big acceleration, we believe, in the back half. And so that will fall in the margins as better cost absorption, and contingency releases can be obtained. 
Earl Austin: And I do think the conviction is history. And the history of both companies, both segments, we've operated in double digits, we're well below that. Growth is pressing a bit. We went through the jobs. Most of -- when we talk about what we had -- some degradation of margins, the degradation, it's new people and new roles, and so some of that shows up. And we've got to do a better job making sure that we educate and train our field leadership at times.
 And so that said, we went through the projects. We feel good we're 50, 60 type -- renewable-type jobs that are out there today and they're bread-and-butter. So for us, we're looking at it, we're looking at backlog. We see a nice runway, decade runway here. So I really feel comfortable that we've invested in the right spots and that years intact, in fact, with opportunities still in it.
 And yes, we're not pleased with the quarter by any measures. And I can promise you the leadership in the field is not pleased. So we expect a lot out of ourselves. Our customers expect a lot out of us. And even in the good times, we're running it pretty hard. So we've made the necessary changes to make sure that not only that we perform at the double-digit-type level but also that we don't let it drag on or we don't -- it doesn't catch us by surprise or anything like that. We see it. And we saw this early. And we made some adjustments. We won't be able to operate [ contingencies ] on a few projects. And we're talking about 5% out of the whole thing and probably like, I don't know, I think it was like $15 million or something like that as maybe within the operations. So -- and have opportunities to do -- operate through at a very, very high level on the rest of them. So I feel really good about it. I feel good about the year and next year and the next and on and on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Hauke with Baird. 
Justin Hauke: So that -- the renewables margin progression is what I was going to ask about, too, and I think we've covered some of the thematic questions here. So I had a couple of numeric ones. I guess, first, just on the M&A, given that there's a lot of moving pieces here, both new additions and divestitures, can you give us some context of what the net kind of revenue contribution from that is for the year in terms of your guidance? And then also is the $500 million that you talked about, is that inclusive of the proceeds from the divestitures you announced? 
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Justin, so I would say the revenue -- inorganic revenue contribution from the deals we did in the second half of last year as well as the announcements this year contributes around $500 million to $600 million. I'd tell you the 2 recent acquisitions, the revenue contribution there pretty much is offset by the divestiture of the oil and gas business. So we're still around $500 million to $600 million and EPS contribution around $0.15 to $0.20. 
Justin Hauke: Okay. Great. So that's not changed in net versus what you had before. Okay. And I guess the second question, again, sorry, it's a numeric one, but we've covered some of the other grounds. Just on the other income line, it was $25 million seemed a little high. What was that? 
Jayshree Desai: Well, that is, we had the sale of an investment in a pipeline, the gain on that. So which we did adjust out of EBITDA and adjusted EPS. So that's the biggest factor in that $25 million. We also had some gains on our deferred comp, but that gets offset in SG&A. So the real impact is around that gain around the pipeline investment, which we backed out in adjusted EPS and EBITDA. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Northland Capital. 
Auguste Richard: When I think about the data centers, typically, chip companies run their road map until they hit wall. Typically, the scale of the infrastructure or a power constraint in the chip. And AI is about to have a huge shift from training, which is very power-intensive to inference, which basically reduces the power consumption by 10%. I've seen this over the last 30 years where these guys changed their minds like they change their stocks. And I'm just kind of wondering, maybe I'm wrong, but if all of a sudden, the load demand from AI drops significantly and these guys change their plans, what happens? 
Earl Austin: I mean we had a great business prior to the AI coming in that we see fuel switching, we see EV penetration, we see renewables, fuel switching from coal. This is additive. And look, I -- you can't -- you're 24 months out, 36 months out today, if you say go. So no one is going to go, and that's why you're seeing exactly what you're seeing. Everyone is saying, why are we going to build this infrastructure, why are we going to build a generation unless someone guarantees the load.
 So yes, I agree with you. That's why every utility -- every customer we have is making sure that the other side -- the party on the other side is signing up for load growth that's sustainable to pay the investment or if not, the rate payer pays. I mean that's your dilemma. And I agree with you. That's why you're stalling again instead of going forward as fast as you can because everyone's got to get that right, including tech. 
Auguste Richard: Okay. Got it. I appreciate it. And then the second question I've got, I've been reading about reconduction of transmission lines, particularly in Europe. And I was wondering, is that a way to at least mitigate some of the construction on the grid and reduce the need for new routes? Is that something people are considering? And sort of how would that impact your business? 
Earl Austin: Yes. I mean look, we've reconductored my career. And the new high-density wires, they run hot. They work in certain areas. It's helpful. But what I would say is -- what makes it easier, better, you're still -- it's still a rebuild, basically. You're just in the corridors that exists today. So yes, we can. We can even do it in energized state. We're doing 250 miles now energized while the line is hot and reconducting, which is -- we're specializing in it, we're training in it. So it's certainly an advantage to the company. We've spent tons of R&D here. We like the conductor. We certainly have installed plenty of the other high-density conductor, and we like it.
 So I think in general, yes, it makes sense. Technology will be a piece of this. It will -- and I -- when you look at [ learning ] machines and you look at everything we see from a power demand, AI is a piece of it. But the onshoring, the chips, the Amazon centers that are fully electric, you can imagine all the things that are drawing load right now. And it's, in my mind -- we talked about data centers, I don't know, 4 years ago, and said it would be a big push. We had no idea that AI would come in as well. And I just think as you move forward, if you haven't used [ Autopilot ] or ChatGPT, try it, that ain't going anywhere. That's fantastic. I love it. It's great.
 I think the country is moving in that direction, and it's certainly demand there and the chips and everything else we do on any given day, even if you reduce power. It's kind of like appliances. We're going to get great things out of appliances what we did for about 3, 4, 5 years, and it helped us with load growth. You had negative load growth for a long time. You got positive load growth throughout the country for the most part, just in general. And so now when data shows up, it's more significant than anyone thought, myself included. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with B. Riley Securities. 
Alexander Rygiel: Very nice quarter. First question here, cash flow in the quarter was very strong, yet I don't believe you changed your full year guide. Are you incrementally more confident with the high end of your range now? And has your view on uses of free cash flow changed at all? And I have a follow-up. 
Jayshree Desai: Yes. So free cash flow, I think just sitting here in the quarter, we did have a good free cash flow quarter. Pleased with that. But it's early. We think it's prudent given that our typical profile as of the first half of the year tends to be cash flow-neutral or slightly negative with most of the free cash flow coming in, in the fourth quarter. We still think that's where we need to sit right now. There is opportunity to be at the high end of that range. But I think the range where we are today is where we should be. 
Earl Austin: Alex, too, I would say the business itself we set out to change some of the cash flow profiles of the business. I think we've done a nice job from an internal-invested capital. When you look at the returns, the way we calculate them, certainly moving up in the business. Even when the margins are a little softer, the returns are fantastic.
 It's certainly generating -- in the first quarter, typically, what we've been talking about was free cash was bad. And we had growth in the business, we had growth in head count and free cash generation. So I really like where we sit. I know everyone is hesitant to say that the business has fundamentally changed, DSO has fundamentally changed. I think they have. I think it gives us more flexibility.
 We've always talked about the free cash and how we deploy it is something that we, as the team, have to make sure that we continue to deploy capital in the proper way that we have in the past to create the outcomes that we have in the past. So I think our ability to look at M&A, to look at buybacks, to look at everything that we do and be opportunistic, certainly, the free cash generation gives us more opportunity. 
Alexander Rygiel: And then secondly, I don't think we've touched on telecom or industrial on the call here. Any notable movements there either in the quarter or for the remainder of the year? 
Earl Austin: We even bought the environmental solutions, it's sitting in really nicely. We really like the synergies we're picking up there on the industrial side. In fact the business is performing well. Telecom had a nice quarter. We got parity to the electric segment a little better. I mean we also added some backlog there. I like the business long term.
 Certainly, data centers -- the other part of the data centers is you're still going to have to put fiber into -- when I say fiber, data center to data center. And they can't really say, I want to go to this hub or that hub at this point because they're everywhere. So you're going to start building on all fiber to feed it at some point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sangita Jain with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Sangita Jain: I know we've discussed data center dynamics a lot on this call, but I was just wondering, Duke, if there is a way for you to engage directly with data center companies, whether it's for substation build-out or some behind-the-meter solutions, something aside from your leverage to the grid. 
Earl Austin: Yes. I mean we talk to them all the time. I do think there's opportunities to help and collaborate with them. Look, our job, we support our clients and our clients are talking to them as well. So it's just a -- it's something that we balance between the grid, what their demands are, try to help on both sides of that.
 I do believe that as we move forward, as you see the company move forward, the demand of tech on the grid and how they deploy -- where they deploy it, where they build, what they build certainly want to be right in the middle of it. And we want to sit with them and understand what they're trying to accomplish. It allows us to facilitate it.
 So I -- look, it's something that the company -- we've talked to them a lot. Our PTT business, the transformer business is certainly something that they value a lot. They want the transformers. They want them now. So I think those things are -- bode well for us. And our ability to communicate and talk about power consumption with tech is something that we can help our clients with and ourselves. 
Sangita Jain: Great. And if I can follow up with one on MSAs. Is there anything particularly different this time around on MSA timing than in past years that's causing the exceptionally slow start to the year? 
Earl Austin: I don't feel like it's slow. I feel like we're doing great. It's a little bouncy on the distribution system, as we said in the past. Like I said, we're up 5.3% on transmission, distribution and substations, if you look at still look at the delineations of the segments as a whole. So I feel like we're starting nicely.
 Our backlog is down in the UI on big pipe, which  is fine with me. If you take out big pipe and you add renewables and you add electric, you're up, your backlog is up. So yes, there's a lot of opportunities. The negotiations are taking longer in some cases.
 MSAs, you're looking at, you're trying to see how many people you have on the system today and the way we calculate it. But I continue to see our MSAs get renewed. There is some timing, there always will be. They're 5 years, 3 years, 2 years, and they cycle in and out. And you could be in year 4 of $2 billion MSA, that's going to renew for 5 years. When it renews, you [ got ] $2 billion in the backlog. So it just takes -- it gets a little lumpy in some of the MSA work, and it's going to continue that way.
 But the overarching business and the way that we stack on the larger projects, programs, build, when that stack starts, it just continues to move on. But the industry stalled a bit trying to make sure that the demand for data centers and the demand for what we're talking about is real. And that -- so it did stall a bit on some of these larger projects because they're not big enough. So what you're doing is go, uh-oh, I was going to build this. Now we've got to double the size of what we're trying to accomplish. And so yes, it's taken a little bit longer. And I do think the industry is going to have to think a little bigger and a little faster. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research Partners. 
Michael Dudas: So you mentioned in your comments during the call in your prepared remarks the importance of investing into the business. I just want to get a check on relative to the growth you're seeing, we've been talking about so much demand growth here in this call but over the next 3 to 5 years and where you are today on staffing. Are there -- what are the challenges to kind of meet -- get the bodies and get the capacity to meet the, it seems like a sustainable and extraordinary growth, over the next several years? Where do you -- are you in fairly good shape? Or is there a lot more work to do? 
Earl Austin: Yes. Mike, I think the company has done a nice job investing in craft certainly, which is what we're known for and core to us. I do think when you -- we saw some of it show up in the solar business in the quarter, where we had some growth and significant growth. And so it does, at times, that growth, you're investing in growth, you want to make sure that you can maintain the productivities and if you move geographies that you can maintain the type of productivities that we expect. And we expect high levels, and we've got to make sure we're looking back in the operations and helping make the young ones and the young people that are in the business go forward as far as -- and we are, and we have great programs and we get them to the field.
 And there's not -- replacing your footprints in the field with something on a piece of paper is a fallacy. It doesn't work. So that footprint in the field, the people that mentor our management teams are paramount. And so we work hard on that. We work hard on that execution, and it continues to get better and better.
 So as far as getting people in the business, look, we haven't had the problem yet from a standpoint of craft, and we've done a good job. I think the down -- kind of the slowdown in distribution allows us to take a breath and actually gain market share. So I like it. I like where we sit.
 And sometimes what I call hard 12 months, it makes -- you hone your skills. And I like it a little tough. It separates us. And I think we've done -- whatever is showing up today, we did 12 months ago. Whatever shows up next year, we did 12 months ago. So I think in general, our ability to look forward and see the business allows us to really invest in craft long term, in our people long term. And we're doing that, we're hiring people for the future now. We're skating where the puck is going. I like it. And so I think we have no issues in craft at this point, being able to hire, train, maintain. We just got to do it at the production levels we expect. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. 
Charles Albert Dillard: So Duke, you were talking about how utilities are shifting CapEx from distribution to transmission. Just trying to get a better sense for how that impacts Quanta's business. I think you have talked about better market share on transmission, but any sense on just like how to think about it from a margin standpoint, from a utilization standpoint?
 And then secondly, based on your conversations with utilities, is the case like some of the work that was pushed out to '24, is that actually going to expect on the '25 because you'll be a little bit more able to change your CapEx plan a little bit further out? 
Earl Austin: Yes. I mean, I think we've heard most of our customers -- I'll go backwards on that. Most of our customers maintain their capital guides and some increase. I still -- you got a backdrop of anything we're saying. You can look at the capital spend and what the customer is saying.
 I think honestly, you'll start to see them raise capital again, I don't see any way around it. I think capital is going up, not down over the next -- whenever they talk about their next 5 years, you can see capital plans go up, has to, to meet the demand. And so we're talking about getting more usage out of the grid. Even if you get more usage out grid, capital is going up. So I do think there's some things you can do from technology, but it's incidental compared to what you see from the demand side. So both of those things are going to happen.
 As far as distribution, I think it's just we kind of -- it's status quo, which we expected more growth out of it. And not all customers, I want to be clear on this, not all customers are going down on distribution. Some in the Southeast, a few here or there, to shift capital over into transmission. So in some areas, that's the case. Some areas, distributions the same or moving up. You got storm hardening, you got fire hardening, you got a hundred different things also going on. And the everyday grid depreciates every given day. Poles rot, things -- it's always been that way, and that's still ongoing with everything else that's going on. So the maintenance of the grid stays in place.
 And so that -- but the capital is required to maintain the capital required, the necessary infrastructure, electric vehicles. I mean, I think the pause and -- somewhat pause and delay a bit in the electric vehicle penetration, although it's penetrating nicely, it's certainly something that we're watching. And I think that -- we've always said that would be a 3, 4 decade-type penetration versus overnight. I mean it was not going to happen by 2030. We thought 2050, 2040. I mean, I think that's the case. And the distribution just a longer build, but it's much, much bigger even in transmission, just longer.
 And so I like them both. It's going to show up over time. It just because the company time -- it's technical. It gives the company time to rethink about those resources and how do we resource these things as they come about. 
Charles Albert Dillard: Got it. That's helpful. And I want to go back to the 2 comments you made. So earlier in the Q&A, you talked about it seems to have a really strong uptick on the data center side in January through March. And then you just talked about what you do today began 12 months ago. So just trying to think through like when we start seeing a lot of the work tied to data centers, to kind of work through -- do you think you can provide us with like an expected cadence on that? 
Earl Austin: I mean, I think we see a lot of plans today on large-scale, hyperscale basis. And that loads got to go to them. And that planning process -- we do a lot of system planning. And that system planning process is probably robust today as it's ever been on the transmission load side of the business. We've got to get the distribution business a little better. And we've got to talk to the regulators and talk to them about what we're seeing and making sure that the consumer is not paying for the data center demand. So I think that's the bigger thing, the affordability.
 Natural gas is down, and it just kind of flat, so it's helping the consumer at the bill level.  And so that's a good thing. If natural gas stays down and we get some interest kind of where it's at or even less, it bodes well. And I think you'll see the capital plans and everyone get their head around. I'm looking at the calls as well. I mean everyone's got equity plans now. And if we didn't see that show up until this quarter, where you're starting to see people issue equity and debt against the bills that are coming. It's necessary, and we start to see that show up.
 And I think the business -- you can see where the planning is coming into place and how quickly things move against equity and data at the utility level. So we see a lot. We're excited about it. And I do believe it's not just something that -- you can't go, "oh, we're going to build this." And they're going to not  pay for it. I think this is real. I do. I think the demand is real.
 Even If it's half what everyone is saying, it's more than we're talking about now. So that's the bet of it. You hedge it down, and it's still huge. So I like it. And I think we're sitting in a really good spot here, and we're starting to see those investments show up. It will be like what we see today, a little better. But the 24-month planning cycle is ongoing. And utilities today are planning for the future. So I think every single quarter, you'll see the progression, and it just stacks. And we always thought that these bigger programs, these bigger things would stack on the business long term, and your base would continue to move up on kind of double digits, and that's what we see. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Brett Castelli with Morningstar. 
Brett Castelli: I just wanted to ask within renewables. Can you parse out your expectations for new orders between wind and solar for the full year 2024? And any thoughts relative to 2023 between the technologies there? 
Earl Austin: I mean I would just say like we've talked about growing double digits, and we're growing double digits plus EV and wind and solar as well beyond that. But obviously, we're comfortable with double-digit growth in those businesses. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Avi Jaroslawicz with UBS. 
Avinatan Jaroslawicz: I'm on for Steve Fisher. So recently, we've seen some more federal support coming out for permitting but also some lower capital intensity type of opportunities within transmission. Just how are you guys thinking about which is going to be the bigger driver for that over the next 1 to 2 years? And also, what kind of visibility to bookings you have within those transmission projects? 
Earl Austin: I want to make sure I understand the question, and it's a little spotty on my side here. As far as permitting, I mean, I think state permitting, in general, is fine. It's more about the regulatory process is a permit, in my mind. I don't think I caught the rest of the question here. Did you hear it? 
Jayshree Desai: He was asking about the innovation around... 
Avinatan Jaroslawicz: Yes, I was just asking like... 
Earl Austin: We've seen some innovation -- sorry about that. Yes. My apologies. We've seen some innovation throughout the year. I think you'll continue to see it. There's things going on. But it's incidental really. I mean it's good, it will help, but the demand is such that we'll continue to see do that. We always go back and look at Europe and what's going on there, a lot of innovation in Europe.
 It's 3x [ cooler ] what we have here. And the cheapest form of moving generation is transmission. You still need -- still the cheapest form today, and it will be tomorrow and the next day. So I do think that the builds -- the multiyear builds are there. You have to balance the load, so you're seeing some equipment come in, synchrophasor, things like that, that are coming into the business that allows some balance. You're starting to see that show up from an equipment standpoint. We'll install it.
 There's software out there that's helping some on a distribution level, transmission level. But it's -- I still think even with innovation, we got a long way to go on infrastructure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Gainey with Thompson Davis & Company. 
Kevin Gainey: I just wanted to maybe touch on the equity income at electric power and the guidance raise there. How should we think about that? What's driving that? And then maybe the cadence as we go throughout the year? 
Jayshree Desai: Yes. The increase there was primarily driven by our Puerto Rican entity, our JV with LUMA. There was a favorable tax ruling that allowed for us to be able to -- the tax rate has dropped significantly. And so you're seeing around a $6 million improvement over the year as a result of that ruling. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jean Ramirez with D.A. Davidson. 
Jean Paul Ramirez: This is Jean for Brent Thielman. I wanted to ask a question about the underground gas utility portion of the segment. Are you guys seeing any utilities pull back at all on network investments and reliability upgrades? 
Earl Austin: No. I think to the contrary, the investments necessary there in methane releases, things of that nature. When you start looking at natural gas systems, they're more valuable today because we're not building as much new system. I mean there's a considerable amount of new systems being built, but in certain areas where you're replacing [ caster ] and other lines with polyethylene and more, you're building a modern network. That's certainly there and will continue to be there. We see an uptick in the business, not a downtick. 
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments. 
Earl Austin: Yes. I want to thank the 52,800 people out in the field that pay our paychecks and do what they do everyday in inclement weather. We can't say enough about their performance and the safety and the things that they do on a daily basis. Our field leadership is the best in the world. The management team that we have here is certainly something that we're extremely proud of. We're proud of where the company is going, and thank you for participating in the call today. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Quanta Services' Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Thank you and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations' section of our website at quantaservices.com. As highlighted in our earnings release this morning, as well as in the earnings press release announcing our earnings call schedule a couple of weeks ago, we've updated our earnings call format and supplemental materials. As a result, shortly after the release of our financial results this morning, we posted our fourth quarter and full year 2023 operational and financial commentary and our 2024 outlook expectation summary on Quanta's Investor Relations website. While management will make brief introductory remarks during this morning's call, the operational and financial commentary is intended to largely replace management's prepared remarks, allowing additional time for questions from the institutional investment community. Additionally, we no longer have a slide presentation to accompany this call, as the information that has historically been included in the presentation can now be found in our operational and financial commentary. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 22nd, 2024, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability, established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We will also present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and operational and financial commentary. Please refer to these documents for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels, listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks Kip. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. This morning, we reported fourth quarter and full year 2023 results, which included double-digit growth in revenues and earnings and included a number of record financial metrics, which we believe reflects robust demand for our services and solid execution. Total backlog at year-end was $30.1 billion, which we believe reflects the value of our collaborative client relationships, and evidences the momentum we see for 2024. Of note, Quanta has delivered record revenue six of the last seven years. Six consecutive years of record adjusted EBITDA and seven consecutive years of record adjusted diluted earnings per share. These results were built off an industry-leading operational and financial platform, and made possible by our more than 50,000 dedicated Quanta employees, whom we believe are the very best in our industry. As outlined in our operational and financial commentary, 2023 was a significant year for Quanta strategically, operationally, and financially. And though we are proud of our many accomplishments during the year, we continue to look forward with excitement towards the multiyear strategic initiatives, we are working on and the goals we expect to achieve in this and the coming years. We are positioning Quanta for decades of expected necessary infrastructure investment and believe our service line diversity creates platforms for growth that expand our total addressable market. Our portfolio approach and focus on craft skill labor is strategic advantage that provides us the ability to manage risk and ship resources across service lines and geographies. Which we believe will become increasingly important, as the energy transition accelerates. We believe our portfolio approach positions us well to allocate resources to the opportunities we find the most economically attractive and to achieve operating efficiencies and consistent financial results. I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta's CFO, to provide a few remarks about our results and 2024 guidance, and then we will take your questions. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai: Thanks Duke and good morning everyone. Quanta completed the year with fourth quarter revenues of $5.8 billion, net income attributable to common stock of $210.9 million or $1.42 per diluted share, and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.04. Adjusted EBITDA was $550.2 million or 9.5% of revenue. Of note, our cash flow in the fourth quarter and for the full year was very strong with both setting period records. For the fourth quarter and full year of 2023, we had free cash flow of $915.5 million and $1.2 billion, respectively, which exceeded the upper end of our free cash flow guidance expectations. We ended the year with liquidity and a balance sheet that will position us to support our organic growth expectations in 2024, annually increase our dividend, and opportunistically invest capital. To that end, in January, we acquired two companies for aggregate consideration of approximately $425 million. This morning, we also provided our full year 2024 financial expectations, which calls for another year of profitable growth with record revenues, improved margins and opportunity for double-digit growth in adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash flow. We believe our expectations demonstrate the strength of our portfolio approach to the business, our commitment to our long-term strategy, our favorable end market trends, and our competitive position in the marketplace. Additional details and commentary about our 2024 financial guidance can be found in our operational and financial commentary and outlook expectation summary, both of which are posted on our IR website. With that, we are happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning everyone.
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Jayshree Desai: Morning.
Chad Dillard: So, I want to spend some time on margins, particularly in Electric Power. So, I think in some of the prepared remarks or it sounds like there is some pressure happening in Canada. So, I just wanted to know whether you plan to right-size the business? Or is there no future work out there to continue at the current footprint? Just trying to think through how you think about the trade-off there?
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks Chad. When looking at margins, I think we've always discussed around 10% at the Electric segment, 10.5% with the impact of Puerto Rico is how you should guide it. We continue to believe that's the case. Is there opportunity for upside on the Electric side? Yes. We do believe there is. It depends on storms. It depends on utilizations. We need to get through some things. As we start our larger projects in the Renewable segment and in the Electric segment, we're in early stages of the larger dynamics such as SunZia, other big programs that we're starting. So, as we get good cadence and as we continue to win these larger projects in the future, the cadence will be -- we're always running through contingency philosophically. We need to operate in the field. We need to execute as we do, we'll release contingencies, as we see it. And normally, there's upside opportunities in both segments. We've historically operated in both segments in double-digit type margins, and we believe we can operate there in the future. Certainly, we've been through some things where the business has been with the panels and some other things on the renewable side. That's starting to kind of starting to get good cadence there. It's early, we'll see where we get to by the end of the year, but we feel confident over time in our historical numbers that we'll be able to operate in double-digits if you -- especially if you take both segments as one. If the crews do move from one to the other. So, for me, the Renewable segment and Electric segment, as I see it, put them together and we should be able to operate in double-digits.
Chad Dillard: Okay, that's helpful. And so in your prepared commentary, you mentioned that visibility of high-voltage transmission projects is improving. Can you give a little more on this, what's changed? And how much more visibility do you have?
Duke Austin: Look, we've said all along, and we think that the nation's grid is underinvested in transmission. I don't think that's news to anyone that we said, if you go to Europe and you look at the way the things happen in the corridor is it three times bigger than anything we have here. We've barely invested in the transmission system of this nation. And in order to do the things that we want to do with this transition, whether it be EV, whether it be batteries, your fuel switching, the cheapest form to get the generation to the customer is transmission. So, I think that's the key to this and the whole key of the securitization of the country as well as for us to get to a carbon-free environment, we'll have to build tons and tons of transmission. So, I think you're -- we're just getting started in these bigger projects. We're seeing more and more come in our way. There is some push on clean affordable energy. But I believe that the transmission is the cheapest way as well. So, I -- we're seeing more on the books. We're continuing to be around the edges on all those projects. So Chad starting, and we're confident in our ability to execute and win.
Chad Dillard: Great. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ati Modak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Ati Modak: Hi, good morning team. Thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to touch on the acquisitions. You previously talked about your thought process there. I think it was mostly trying to internally source your capabilities. But maybe if you can touch about -- touch on the two acquisitions you've made and the thought process around the industrial solutions side, in particular, as you go forward from here?
Duke Austin: Yes, the acquisitions, as we look at them, truthfully, I think we've always said that the industrial business, as far as in the UUI segment, we like it, it's resilient. The nature of it is much like our MSAs on other businesses. The environmental solutions that we can provide on the industrial base, we believe that the base of the business will stay for decades, you're going to continue to refine, continue to have plastics and things of that nature done on the Gulf Coast. So, the assets that keep the plants running and things of that nature will certainly be here for a long time and be more valuable over time. We're in the cables [ph] business as well, where we have high voltage and now, our environmental solutions business, we like them all through. There are synergies along. There was very little overlap in the business. So, it gives us really a good customer base. We don't apply synergies in our model. So there is synergies for sure. As we move forward, we'll identify them and I think you'll see them show up on our numbers. So, we like the management team on our industrial side. We're fully behind that for the long run, great opportunity to get an environmental piece of the business here and really see our service line grow and expand in that area. So, again, we're -- the portfolio is something that we value, as things move around, but the industrial base and the industrial side of our business is great, coming off a near record or record year, very close to it. So, we're confident long-term and -- the second piece of it was an internal supply chain that we feel like necessary to, from a cost standpoint as well as to make sure that we can -- we self-perform about 85% of the work, between 85% and 90%, and the tooling and all the equipment and things that we can do from this platform really allow us to make sure that we can man the work, man of people, any kind of bottlenecks for us, they're not acceptable. So, we'll make sure the supply chains are steady and that we can continue to grow.
Ati Modak: Thanks for that. And then I think there has been a lot of market concerns around how your customers are thinking of projects. And I know you've mentioned the requirement around transmission and guide came in a lot better than what I think a lot of the Street was expecting. But maybe you can touch on how your customers are thinking of this year and the sensitivity around this potential regulatory changes, anything that's latest in your conversations?
Duke Austin: Yes, I'm not seeing that. I'm not hearing that, I'm not hearing our customers back off anything. I've heard some switching from distribution and transmission, but their capital continues to grow. You have data centers, you have load growth, that's pushing in every jurisdiction we're in. The data centers are not going away, that load is not going away. The onboarding of manufacturing is not going away. EV penetration may stall a bit. We've always said we think that this is a longer build, not shorter. So, they were saying 2030, maybe it's 2040, maybe it's 2050 for all EV penetration. But that's something on the distribution system that is not impacting as bad yet. We do need to plan as an industry. We do need to get in front of that, but we also have to be cognizant of the state regulators and as well as affordability at the customer level, ultimate customers. So, yes, we're concerned with that as an industry. So, distribution is something that you may see slip a little. The demand and what needs to be done to the system in order to electrify it, securitize it, is there, and it has -- it remains. Data center push is now in generation switching is now. So, you'll see probably some switch into transmission. It does not affect our portfolio whatsoever. The numbers you can see them. We stand by them. We've given good guidance. We've taken all this into account, when we give out the 12-month guidance. And look, it's a prudent number in my mind. It's right where we need to be.
Ati Modak: All right. Appreciate the answers. Thank you. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey good morning team. Thanks for giving me time. Duke, I'm actually going to flip the last question. So, we've seen your utility customers kind of raise CapEx in high teens. Even Illinois companies came out with their latest CapEx guidance, double-digit increases. What is factored into your 2024 guidance? Should we assume that the forward-looking capital plan increases are factored in? Or are you still learning them? And I guess what I'm asking is what kind of conservatism are you baking into 2024 guidance, as you've seen a pretty significant step up, quite frankly, a step change in utility CapEx plans?
Duke Austin: I think we're in a good spot for the start of the year, where we're at. And when we look at it, we look at our historicals, and we're going to talk about EPS growth. If you look at EPS growth, what we've said is we grow double-digits in the CAGR basis, have the opportunity to grow 15%, the transition, everything that's ongoing that can allow that 15% growth. If you go back and you look at our historicals, it's 15% growth. So, do I think there's opportunity? Yes. It depends on storms. It depends on other things that are out of our control at times. So, we'll take a prudent nature to it, election year, things like that. We've taken all that into account, when we give guidance. I do think there's opportunities for us to grow 15%. I do. We've said it. And I don't think it's changed. I think -- when I look at it, when I look at our opportunities, given the fact that the tech push on AI, on all the things that you can do from a data center, it's backing up everything plus. So, your fuel switching is one thing, but when you think through it and you see the load growth in data centers, it really pushes the transmission system and generation system because at tech, they want clean power, and they want it now. So, I think that push on the industry is something that is why you're seeing such confidence in the capital spend in the transmission systems. It does affect our distribution a bit. I said it, but, we've taken all that into account, I expect latter half of the year, distribution to grow as well in a meaningful way. So, it's something that we've taken into account.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That is very clear. Thank you. And then maybe could you just address risks related to the SunZia project, and I'm not sure if you can, but can you quantify what are you modeling is, is EBITDA for those projects?
Duke Austin: We don't look at it project-by-project like that. I'm confident in the numbers we've given. SunZia, the whole thing was about 50 miles. I think the job is 1,000 miles. We have plenty of room to move and work with our client on stretch, as a right away here or there, but that is not a meaningful -- a bit will alleviate as we move through. We're not concerned. The project starts now, ramps throughout the year, part of why you see some guidance move into the second half as the ramp on these larger projects in the back half. But they're known projects, they're contracted projects. So, that's the difference is we know we're moving on and now and we know what the ramp looks like, in the back half. And I do expect us to get more awards in the back half. And so we'll continue to ramp. It's just -- it's some seasonality that you see early that ramps in the back. But SunZia, I'm not concerned at this point.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you very much. Appreciate the time guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning and congrats on a nice 2023. Just curious how we should think about that 20% growth in the renewables segment in 2024? Clearly, there's SunZia, I think there's maybe a piece of PTT, that you are allocating into that segment. So, how should we think about the growth rate of the renewables business separately from those couple of pieces? And really just trying to think about the big picture here about renewables. I mean SunZia is kind of a unique project. But at a higher level, to what extent do we think like this is the year where Renewables kind of breaks that out from a more restrained 2022 and 2023 from some of the various uncertainties that have been going on in the marketplace?
Duke Austin: I don't know what our growth was last year, but it was significant. So, -- and then 2022 is significant. So, I think from our standpoint, we've had phenomenal growth in the renewables side, both in 2022 and 2023. Off those big growth on balance of plant, solar, wind. And when you go into 2024, we've got good growth in double-digits plus, on both sides of that, whether it be our legacy business or balance of plant going forward. We continue to see 2025, 2026 and beyond, there is some pressure with -- when you think about when wins starting to come in for us with SunZia and other repower opportunities there, Steve. So, we're starting to see some assets like cranes, things like that, that we were sitting on some indirect costs on the wind side of the business, that will help the overall margins in the back half. As we see wind come in with the solar as that mix starts to change a bit more you'll continue to see margins move up due to some of the overheads and indirect costs that move through, as well as our Canadian operations are looking better from the renewable side. So, all those things will come into impact, you'll continue to see margins move up and I do believe the top line in the renewables segment will move up.
Steven Fisher: Great, that's very helpful. And then when you think Duke about the portfolio approach that you've been implementing, where do you think that's going to have the biggest benefit impact in 2024? Curious where the kind of the directional flow is mostly going to be? Is it still sort of underground work moving to Electric segment, Canada to the U.S.? Anything else to note about how to think about the portfolio approach in 2024?
Duke Austin: From a service line standpoint, I think our distribution business will start to ramp in the back half more than it is today. Canada geographically is down. We know it's down. We're seeing latter half of this year, 2024 with awards and how we're starting projects in the latter half of 2024 and also what we're seeing from government to the west in BC, as well as the East. So, we're seeing the amount of capital getting put into the same kind of fuel switching you're seeing here in the States. So, I do believe Canada starts to move back into good markets, call it, late 2024 and beyond, as far as we can see. So, it does help us there. But we've rightsized that business. And yes, it's pulling margins down a bit in the States, but the assets there. We're utilizing here, in Lower 48 as well as across the company. So that's where the portfolio comes into play, the front side of our business, things like that, that we have there, that gives us some abilities, here in the Lower48. Look, we're not hitting on all cylinders. So, I would say, as the portfolio as that moves forward, both geographic and service lines, as they mature, you'll see some undergrounding move from gas to electric. But look, we're taking advantage of those leverage -- things we can leverage at the local levels and making sure that we're in the right place. I'm not too concerned with if we're pulling electric pipe or gas or whatever it is, we're just trying to optimize our resources. So, that's the big thing. It should increase margins. We're not where we want to be from a company in the portfolio, a double-digit type EBITDA margins, across the board. We do believe we can operate there. So, as we look at the portfolio and everything that we're doing, it should be the optimization of our margins. But I will say that if you look at the way of adjusted returns, our returns are going up substantially. You can see it with cash, you can see return on invested capital.
Steven Fisher: Very good. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Dudas: Morning Jayshree, Kip, Duke.
Jayshree Desai: Morning.
Duke Austin: Hi Mike.
Michael Dudas: Duke, it seemed like the life plug went off with your utility clients and everybody because of AI, as you discussed earlier, data center, demand that people want to just get out and spend and do stuff. How do you -- how you guys allocate your very dear and tight resources relative to your client base or where the opportunities are? And is the demand for contracting and your type of services very tight right now relative to supply? And how is that relative to your current ability to bring folks on and under graduation rates at the colleges. And are the utilities maybe pushing off some of those retirements because they're just going to be so busy?
Duke Austin: I think on the transition side of the business, we're seeing a significant amount of ramp there in areas. It's spotty. No, we're not anywhere near capacity from my standpoint. I think we've got a lot of room. We've not seen anything that would back us off, to say that we're concerned with labor at this point. We're in good shape. Look, we have a good look at it, a good five-year look at what we see, very close to the business, very close to our clients. We work with them quite a bit on long-term natures and programs and what's going on, when you go from West to East and the coverage that we have, you're able to see the things that we know are going to happen, they start in the West like when you start to see vehicle penetration in the West, you know it's going to move across the country. And we're starting to see those impacts. I think Edison had a good report on kind of how their grid is changing. And I think it gets -- it gets worse, not better. I think capital goes up even from what they're seeing. And I think you'll continue to see that, as you see the total cost impacts of energy really require the grid to be robust to create the environment that you want, which is the customer builds going down, you have to build this infrastructure out to get the total cost of energy down. It's happened in Europe, you'll start to see more and more of that getting fed, which is really important for us to get in front of the necessary capital at the local level, at the state levels, so they understand in order to get the cost down and you've got to get the infrastructure. And it's also security for the country, is to get the grid where we need it to be. And you're going to see that with loads going up in places, no one expected load to go up like this. The areas that you're seeing a load, they did not expect data cities to come in and take, call it, 3 gigs, 5 gigs and they don't want -- they want secure power. So sometimes that requires multiple lines. And when you look at all this and you look at what's coming at you, you're backed up by this. The technology that's coming into the world that requires our services, across the board, in the utilities rooting growth business, they're growing. And it's necessary for them to spend capital, it's just a matter of getting it through from a federal push into the state regulators. And we kind of said that all along that this is necessary, it's going to come to a head, and you're seeing it. This transition will be noisy. It will be things that you'll see, it's not straight up every day. It's going to have CAGR look to it at times, in parts of the business. That's why I like the portfolio so much, as we can move around and kind of get through this transition here and continue to what I believe perform at a high level and deliver the results we have.
Michael Dudas: Excellent. Good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Northland Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Gus Richard: Yes, thanks for taking the question. The AI data center, not only needs a lot of power, but it needs a lot of bandwidth. And I'm just wondering if you guys are seeing along with the AI boom, a big demand for your comm services? And is there any synergies between those two pieces, the power and the comp? thank you.
Duke Austin: I think so. When you look at our communications business, I mean, we've done nicely, we're growing double-digits. It's not something that we're investing a lot of capital in, but I do see it. I do see technology itself needing -- you're going to strip some of the fiber capacity, are stripping some of the fiber capacity out there. And especially when you start putting big data in different parts of the country, it's much easier to build a telecom line and get telecom service, than it is transmission. So, sometimes in my mind, you'll see data centers start to locate, where the power is, almost. And right now, if you can't get power to the East and you can't get it to the West, you start to see the Midwest build. And then if you can't get it there, you start to see the South build. So, everywhere that you can get affordable power today or in the next 24 months, you'll start to see data centers go up. Even if there's not fiber, so you're going to get fiber going to them, at some point, nodes. Certainly, some of it is getting alleviated with satellites, things like that, but still you need the fiber on the ground. So, I do believe they'll push it, and yes, there's opportunity.
Gus Richard: Got it. And then just on the underground side. There's -- there was a pause in three years out on build-out of LNG export capacity. And I'm just wondering what you're seeing in that business are projects still moving forward? And just the state of natural gas and that business for you?
Duke Austin: It's $500 million to $600 million in the guidance, it will be $500 million to $600 million, next year, in the next year and the next year. We don't -- we're not going to -- that's why we moved off long-haul pipe and big pipe. We just can't -- we can't build the business around it. It's certainly something, we'll take every bit of opportunity we can. We did $1 billion plus in big pipe last year. So, you're seeing some offset in the top line because of that because we guided $500 million to $600 million. Is there opportunities for $1 billion plus? Sure. But the government regulations and difficulty in building a large diameter pipe, anywhere in the country, but Canada is -- a little better opportunities in Canada. But we're just -- we can't take that and build it in guidance and give you any kind of firmness to our numbers. So, I -- look, I think there's opportunities. But it doesn't -- LNG, if everything goes and it doesn't go, it doesn't matter to the guide we've given you. It doesn't matter.
Gus Richard: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Brophy with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Brophy: Yes, thanks. Good morning everybody. I wanted to ask about free cash flow guidance. was quite a bit higher than we were expecting? Your free cash flow conversion is above long-term targets this year. How much of this is more of the onetime collections that you called out, in the commentary versus potentially a more permanent improvement in free cash flow conversion, here as renewable energy mix has grown? Thanks.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. As we've talked about in the Investor Day, and as you've seen in the fourth quarter last year, the renewable business with the way those contracts are set up, has a very favorable cash flow profile and the working capital profile is very good. And so, as revenue and renewable side pushes up, you'll see better conversion just as we saw in 2023. Going into 2024, we did take that into consideration, but we did range it. There's a range for a reason. As I just said, renewables can push us in the higher end of that range of 45% to 55% that we talked about at Investor Day. But if you've got -- if it's more growth coming from our electric and underground segments, it can push the other way, right? And so we've given you what we think is a good prudent look at where free cash flow will be. But having said that, if the mix of work between renewables and electric and utility underground changes, you will see outside of that range or either a high end of that range or the low end of the range. The one-time cash flow impact of the large Canadian Renewable project, we do believe we will collect next year. We -- excuse me, in 2024. We -- as we talked about the last several quarters, as construction winds down, which we expect in the next several months, a couple of months. Conversations with the customer continues to go very well. So, we're optimistic we'll be able to collect all of that as well this year. But on an ongoing basis, I think you would be good to look at a range of between 45% to 55% conversion.
Brian Brophy: Okay. Thanks. And then just wanted to touch on how you're thinking about capital allocation more broadly this year given that you're in line with some of your longer term leverage targets now? Should we be expecting more buybacks this year? How are you thinking about M&A? Any thoughts there would be helpful. Thanks.
Duke Austin: Sure. We'll be opportunistic in how we look at it like we have in the past, no different. We are below some of our targets. It allows us flexibility, which I like a lot. Certainly, there's things that we can be opportunistic in. But the strategies won't change. We've laid out a good strategy plan. Can we get -- can we go faster, as we delever, things like that, sure. So, I think ultimately, we're moving faster across the five-year plan. As we said last quarter and continue to say, we're moving faster through it. We'll be opportunistic with the balance sheet. But again, with the conservative nature of the company and -- we'll -- we have opportunities, across multiple fronts, and we'll take advantage of all of them.
Brian Brophy: Excellent. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Martin Malloy with Johnson Rice. Please proceed with your question.
Martin Malloy: Good morning. I wanted to ask about the trend with higher attach rates for energy storage associated with utility scale solar and wind projects and could you maybe speak to how that impacts your scope of work and margins?
Duke Austin: The tax rate, the PTC and ITCs and those things, they're in place. I've not seen them come off at this point, whether it's IRA or PTC, how it moves in or ITCs, how it moves in, I think it's the same. Now, if it was repealed, I do -- you could see some issues there. I do not believe that will be the case going forward. That's something that gives certainty to the industry. So, I continue to believe that how you get them and our customers have been able to get in front of this. And I think our customer base is -- these things kind of figured out. The IRA has some different things, you can get more, not less. So, I actually think we're in early stages of the IRA, which should give it's going forward, not less. So, I see it as more opportunities. We should check the box on from a standpoint of U.S.-type apprenticeship programs, U.S. type materials, things of that nature, even internally. So, we really set ourselves up to take advantage of that for the customer. So, I feel good about it. I'm not seeing it slow down from that standpoint. I mean, everyone's watching from our customer viewpoint, they got it figured out and tax credit figured out.
Martin Malloy: I'm sorry, I appreciate your comments. I wasn't clear, I was actually asking about energy storage, tax rate, at utility scale solar and wind projects with adding energy storage in conjunction with those projects and what that means for your scope of work and profit margin soon?
Duke Austin: I think -- I mean, I think I understand what you're saying. But from a tax rate standpoint, I don't know if it does much, but from a combination, it actually expands many of the projects that we've built in the past are adding storage to it. Our, storage business is growing nicely, and our battery business is growing nicely. So, I like that. We continue to add that capability and get more refine there, as we move forward across geographies. So, when you ask that, I think it's just more opportunity to increase the size and scope of these projects.
Martin Malloy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey good morning guys. Congrats on the solid result. Quick question on the project funnel for Blattner, is that still dominated by solar? Or are you seeing wind pick up?
Duke Austin: I mean, SunZia is a nice project that's on the wind side. We're seeing more opportunities repower. I think you'll see a lot of repower work going forward. You're in early stages of the cycle coming back from wind. So, we're starting to see more and more in the outer years of wind coming into the portfolio. I don't think it's going to be any like large windfall in 2024 by any means, but I do think 2025, 2026, it starts to move up significantly as we move out in the outer years, the curves get, where wind makes a lot more sense in areas. So, you'll start -- transmission needs to be built, too. Like we've got to get the transmission built before you can get wind out. And that's the other piece of this is you need long-haul transmission to move wind out of those sources into load centers. So, it's very taking out the egg sometimes, and I do think both are coming into play. And the Wind business gets better from, call it, 2024 on.
Adam Thalhimer: That's great. And then I also wanted to get your early thoughts on PTT and the timing of the capacity expansion there?
Duke Austin: We continue to expand capacity there. There's a lot of things that we can do internally to expand. We're expanding like the business ever more so today than we did -- today looked at it. So, it gets better the opportunities and synergies, the things that we can do for the clients with PTT, U.S. base, Union in Pennsylvania, a great place to invest and we're lacking that business a lot.
Adam Thalhimer: Thanks Duke.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sangita Jain with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sangita Jain: Thank you so much for taking my question. So, you gave earnings cadence of -- which is kind of back-end loaded, which is generally normal for you. And I was wondering if it was just weather and seasonality or if there is something more to read into how the projects ramp as the year progresses?
Jayshree Desai: No, I think it's mostly seasonality typical of what we run. We did -- as Duke talked about, there's a little bit of Canadian pressure in the first half of the year. But it's just normal seasonality. And we do expect with the additional SunZia work and some other projects, more back half weighted, but again, nothing more unusual than that.
Sangita Jain: Great. Thank you. And I just have one follow-up. And that’s on the renewables side. The Biden moratorium on the tariffs comes to an end in June. So, I was wondering if you're seeing any kind of pull-forward on the part of developers, who want to install within that 180-day timeline between purchase and installation?
Jayshree Desai: The customers we work with, have been planning for the tariff situation for a while now. So, I think we're -- our customers have been planning this moratorium being lifted in June. So, it's -- I don't know -- I can't answer directly, if we're seeing some pull forward, I just know that the customers we've been working with for years, now planned for this very well. They know how to work this. They've been prudent about how they think about their panel procurement, and we continue to see good growth in our renewable segment as a result.
Sangita Jain: Great. Awesome. Thank you so much for answering my questions.
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Operator: Seeing no other questions in queue. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing remarks.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thank you. I want to thank the 50,000-plus men and women, in the field, they're the best in the business. They allow us to have these kind of calls and give this kind of profile for the company, so, we thank them. And I want to thank you for participating in the conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President and Investor Relations. Thank you, Kip. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2023 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2023 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we’ll use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call’s webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 2, 2023. And therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta’s control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We’ll also present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and slide presentation. Please see Slide 2 of the appendix of the slide presentation for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Lastly, if you like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta’s President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary and we’ll then turn it over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta CFO, to provide a review of our third quarter results and full year 2023 financial expectations. Following Jayshree’s comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported our third quarter results, which included strong double-digit revenue growth and a number of record financial metrics, which we believe reflects robust demand for our services and solid execution. Of note, our Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions and Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions segments drove our revenue and profit growth, reflecting ongoing capital deployment into grid modernization and hardening. Power grid expansion and construction of new renewable generation and other necessary investments needed for North America’s emerging energy transition. Total backlog at quarter end was $30.1 billion, an all-time record high, which we believe reflects value of our collaborative client relationships and indicates momentum for 2024. We are positioning Quanta for decades of expected necessary infrastructure investment and continue to believe our operational portfolio is a strategic advantage that provides us the ability to manage risk and shift resources across service lines and geographies, which we believe will become increasingly important as the energy transition accelerates. We believe our portfolio approach positions us well to allocate resources to the opportunities we find most economically attractive and to achieve operating efficiencies and consistent financial results. Our Electric Power Operations are performing well. Demand for our Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions is robust driven by broad-based business activity from utility grid modernization, grid security and system hardening initiatives as well as our reputation for consistent and safe execution. This is further evidenced by the meaningful increase in backlog for the segment in the third quarter. Accordingly, we continue to invest in resources ahead of the anticipated start-up of multiple multiyear utility programs and projects. We believe Quanta Solutions offering and ability to safely and consistently execute as industry-leading, and we are uniquely positioned to collaborate with our clients on their multiyear grid programs. Additionally, our communications operations continue to execute well with double-digit revenue growth and margins. We believe these results reflect our focus on being selective with the risk and margin profile of the work we pursued as well as solid execution. Renewable Infrastructure Solutions segment revenues increased significantly in the third quarter as construction of renewable generation projects ramped up, including solar, wind and battery storage. High voltage electric transmission and substation work also remained active. Segment total backlog reached a record $7.9 billion at quarter end, driven by the addition of a portion of the SunZia Wind contract and various renewable generation, transmission and substation projects. We have mobilized resources for the SunZia project and are performing early stages – stage construction activities. Though the vast majority of the work is expected to be performed in 2024 and 2025. We believe the infrastructure solutions we provide to the renewable industry are gaining momentum as the energy transition gains pace. We are continuing to make the necessary investments to scale our resources and capacity to handle large-scale multiyear renewable programs that we expect will yield record levels of renewable generation over the coming decade, driven by the IRA and the acceleration of North America’s energy transition. Additionally, we are pursuing billions of dollars of high-voltage transmission projects that are designed to support connectivity of current and future renewable generation capacity growth and overall system reliability. In this morning’s earnings release, we also announced a strategic acquisition of Pennsylvania Transformer Technology or PTT, led by an experienced management team with dedicated employees. PTT is an established and reliable domestic manufacturer of power transformers and components for the investor-owned utility – electric utility, renewable energy, municipal power and industrial markets. Transformers are a critical path of power grid – of the power grid that facilitate the safe and efficient transmission of electricity from generators to end users. North America’s energy transition and other megatrends that are driving current and anticipated future demand for our electric power and renewable energy solutions are also driving significant demand and growth for the transformer market. As a result, lead times are extended and demand and supply imbalances are only expected to intensify as energy-intensive sectors such as electric vehicles, renewable energy, data centers and manufacturing challenge power infrastructure capacity. As we have discussed previously, several years ago, Quanta began developing its strategy to create supply chain solutions that are designed to help our clients navigate equipment shortages and delays, reduce cost, improve availability and enhanced capital deployment efficiency, all of which can ultimately benefit the consumer. For Quanta, the addition of PTT should allow us to better manage the availability of certain critical grid components, which in turn should help us better manage our work schedules and productivity. We believe PTT provides Quanta and our clients an important, secure and domestic supply chain solution that is consistent with our strategy. The strong and visible demand dynamics for transformer market provide a favorable long-term profitable growth opportunity for PTT. The company also possesses intellectual property for certain grid [ph] components, not currently in its production, but that are also in high demand by the utility industry. As a part of Quanta, we believe there are opportunities to enhance and expand PTT’s capacity and product offering, which could accelerate PTT’s growth and provide incremental growth synergies for Quanta’s Electric Power and Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions. The Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment continues to deliver with double-digit revenue growth and solid profitability. Our industrial services operation executed well and we had strong demand for our gas utility and pipeline integrity operations, driven by regulated spend to modernize systems, reduce methane emissions, ensure environmental compliance, and improve safety and reliability. Additionally, we are increasingly leveraging our underground resources and capabilities to perform underground electric work. While that work is recognized in our electric power segment, it evidences the value and flexibility of our solutions portfolio. The transition towards a reduced carbon economy continues to progress, and we believe is gaining momentum. We believe we are in the early stages of capitalizing on significant opportunities across our service lines and geographies, driven by our collaborative solution-based approach designed to ultimately benefit consumers. Additionally, the growth of programmatic spending with existing and new customers as well as increased renewable generation activity and favorable megatrends provide greater visibility into our near- and long-term growth outlook. We are currently pacing ahead of long-term financial targets articulated at our Investor Day last year and are increasingly comfortable with our ability to achieve them. This belief is driven by the long-term programmatic spend customers and favorable long-term megatrend opportunities across our portfolio of services, which we believe are in the beginning stages of a multi-decade process. Quanta is investing in the future to meet the needs of our customers and take advantage of the visible opportunities ahead of us, which we believe positions us well for double-digit EPS growth in 2024 and beyond. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class build leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta’s base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta’s diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, our CFO, for her review of our third quarter results and 2023 expectations. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record third quarter revenues of $5.6 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $273 million or $1.83 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share was a record $2.24. Our third quarter electric power revenues were $2.5 billion, and operating income margins were 11.9% as a result of the exceptional performance by our base business activities and telecom operations. Renewable Energy Infrastructure segment revenues for third quarter 2023 was $1.7 billion with operating income margins of 8.7%. The revenue strength in the quarter reflects continued momentum behind renewable energy infrastructure, the quality of our customers and our comprehensive solutions-based approach to the energy transition. Segment margins improved sequentially as construction activities accelerated across our portfolio of projects. However, they were pressured somewhat by lower-than-expected contingency releases on more mature projects that progressed during the quarter. It’s also worth noting that profit associated with revenues from early-stage work is generally recognized at a lower margin as risk contingencies are included in the cost to complete. During periods of high growth and new project starts, this margin dynamic can be exacerbated, which is influencing 2023 segment margins as year-to-date renewable revenues have grown roughly 50% from 2022. Underground Utility and Infrastructure segment revenues were $1.4 billion for the quarter, and operating income margins were 8.9%, driven by high volumes, solid execution and better fixed cost absorption on increased revenues. For additional commentary comparing third quarter 2023 to third quarter 2022, please refer to the slides accompanying this call, At September 30, 2023, total backlog was a record $30.1 billion, an increase of $2.9 billion compared to June 30, with growth coming from both large project awards and our base business activities. Our 12-month backlog is also at a record level of $17 billion, approximately $1.4 billion higher than June 30. For the third quarter of 2023, we had free cash flow of $280 million. DSO measured 79 days for the third quarter, aided by favorable billing arrangements associated with certain awards during the quarter. Regarding the Canadian renewable transmission project we’ve discussed in prior calls, the contract asset balance grew during the quarter as we progressed closer to completion. We continue to have favorable discussions with the customer regarding significant portions of the balance representing approximately seven days of DSO as of September 30, and we remain confident in our position. As of September 30, 2023, we had total liquidity of approximately $2 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.2 times as calculated under our credit agreement. During the quarter, we made a small acquisition that will primarily report through our Electric segment and as we announced in today’s release, earlier this week, we closed on the strategic acquisition of Pennsylvania Transformer to help address a critical supply chain constraint for our utility, renewable and industrial customers. While we always measure capital deployment against the return opportunities presented by stock repurchases, we continue to see an active pipeline of strategic opportunities that we believe can be executed at accretive valuation and have the ability to drive significant stockholder value. Turning to our guidance. We performed well through the first nine months of the year, and demand for our portfolio of solutions remains robust. As a result, we are raising our consolidated revenue expectations for the year to range between $20.1 billion and $20.4 billion. From a segment perspective, last quarter, we expected electric volumes to ramp in the fourth quarter. However, as it stands today, we now see revenues in the fourth quarter comparable to the third quarter. Part of the fourth quarter reduction reflects the transferability of resources between the Electric and Renewable segments as renewable revenues continue to expand and encompass both interconnection and generation projects, with interconnection work being performed by crews that would otherwise be captured in the Electric segment. Additionally, we are seeing pockets of inefficiencies due to supply chain dynamics as well as timing of capital deployment in certain regions shifting into 2024. This variability is a periodic disruption to an otherwise growing demand for our electric solutions, as evidenced by our backlog growth from June 30 levels. Accordingly, we now see Electric segment revenues for the year between $9.6 billion and $9.7 billion, and full year margins for the segment ranging between 10.4% and 10.6% as we continue to build crews and carry costs necessary to execute on the anticipated growth in multiyear utility programs. Of note, we are forecasting storm revenues for the year of around $300 million, roughly 3% of segment revenues for the year, the lowest level of 2019. Regarding our Renewable segment, given the performance of the third quarter and continued backlog growth, we are raising our full year revenue expectations to range between $5.8 billion and $5.9 billion. Because of the previously described margin dynamics as well as continued investments in labor, training and equipment required to address the segment’s building backlog, we now expect margins for the segment to be around 8% for the year. After another strong quarter, we now expect revenue from our Underground segment to range between $4.7 billion and $4.8 billion, a $300 million increase at the midpoint. From a margin perspective, we expect full year margins for the segment to range between 7.6% and 7.8%, an improved outlook and above the previous high end of our range. Not included in our expectations are contributions from Pennsylvania Transformer, which will be captured in both our Electric and Renewable segments. We are working through purchase price allocation and accounting considerations and aren’t prepared to give any definitive guidance, but given the size of the business today, we don’t expect the contribution to be material to our quarterly results. In the aggregate, we expect revenues for the year to be almost 20% higher than 2022, and we’ve increased our expectations for full year adjusted EBITDA to range between $1.91 billion and $1.95 billion. For full year adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock, we’ve now narrowed our prior range, maintained our previous midpoint and now expect between $7 and $7.20. With regard to free cash flow, we continue to expect between $800 million and $1 billion. We slightly modified other aspects of our guidance, the details of which are included in our outlook summary, which can be found in the Financial Information section of our IR website at quantaservices.com. Our growing backlog and favorable multiyear outlook continues to give us confidence in our ability to achieve the multiyear targets we laid out in our April 2022 Investor Day. Additionally, we believe the acquisition of Pennsylvania Transformer further cements our ability to provide differentiating solutions to our core customers and elevates the critical role we play in the North American energy transition. We are uniquely positioned in the markets we serve and believe we have the opportunity to continue improving our return on invested capital and generating significant stockholder value through organic growth and strategic capital deployment. I’ll now turn it back to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Dudas: Hello, thank you very much. Good morning, Jayshree, Kip, Duke.
Duke Austin: Morning.
Jayshree Desai: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Duke as you might have noticed, there’s been a lot of noise, a lot of difficult news flow around the utility sector the last four weeks to six weeks and competitors and concerns about renewable energy pace, et cetera. Maybe you can kind of share your observations on that relative to what your customers are engaging with you, especially as you’re looking into the planning budgets for 2024 and beyond and how that differs or is confirming of those expectations, again, given your position in the – with the lens that you look through with your electric utility and development customers?
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Mike. For us, when we look at the customer base and when we think about where we’re at and where the industry sits, I think – it’s a great time to be in this business and its growth. We see growth. We see load growth at the customer level as an industry. You have trends, megatrends that are really pushing on interconnections and EV penetration in the distribution systems. So from our standpoint, at a philosophical level, you have a supply and demand issue, and you have a significant amount of build necessary for infrastructure. So the macro market is great. As far as the noise, I believe, look, from my standpoint, what we said, we’re trying to provide solutions to our clients, we get pushed into a contractor, which were not, we provide the solutions. And our customer bases are much different than you may hear from others on calls. So our customers are different. And the way that our customers view the markets versus others is different. So they don’t have tax equity problems. They don’t have some of the problems that you hear, and we do a really nice job of talking to them and collaborating with them about where we’re going, not where we’re at. And so that’s the difference is. We’re ahead years of planning and with these clients long term versus what you may hear in the market over the next 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, we’re talking decades. So I really feel comfortable with where we’re at. I feel comfortable that the industry will solve the issues. Yes, there’s some affordability issues running around and you’re hearing about it. But this industry will solve those issues.
Michael Dudas: Appreciate that, Duke. My follow-up is with regard to your PTT acquisition. Obviously, you see a tightness in the marketplace and you expect revenue growth from the company. Do they have the capacity to meet the needs now and there a lot of investment required given certainly the demand for their products and how you’re going to be able to leverage that through your customer base?
Duke Austin: Yes, Mike, we’ve worked on the acquisition for quite a while and also philosophically, how to help our customers with supply chain. So I think in general, Pennsylvania Transformer, U.S.-based domestic product, that really fits the goals of the interconnections, the queues, the larger transmission substations that are necessary to facilitate renewable load growth. When I look at it, when we think about it, yes, we can. It’s not a manufacturing play for Quanta. It’s more of a solution to the client. So, I wouldn’t expect us to go out and buy 20 transformer companies. What I would expect us to do is add capacity to our facility. It’s a one million square foot facility, one of the biggest in U.S. So we’re able to really add to it. And I don’t – we see some investment in it to get productivity up. Yes. We can – we will increase – there’s some component lines that we’ll start making that are about 1,000 days plus that we have the IP on. So there’s some things there that we can do to really enhance where we sit as a solution provider in the industry.
Michael Dudas: Thank you, Duke. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Hauke with Baird. Please proceed with your question. 
Justin Hauke: Yes, good morning everyone. I guess, I just wanted to piggyback on the renewables, I guess, question. And you guys took up your revenue guidance there. I’m just curious how much of that is coming through, I guess, maybe projects that you’re procuring and the costs are going up. And so there’s more of like a CFM pass-through that is driving the revenue higher and maybe you don’t pick up margin on that versus how much is like volume. So I know it’s hard to think about volume price in this business, but any context around that would be helpful.
Duke Austin: I mean look, I think we price it the same, honestly, the customer – our customers may be passing on PPA pricing and things like that, if that’s what you’re asking. But as far as from where we stand, we’re on 60-plus large-scale renewable-type projects that are like we said in the past, are moving up our revenue. So I feel like it’s – we’ve got really, really good customer base that we’re supplying, and they continue to build their backlogs and they’re not having tax equity problems and things of that nature.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Justin, and the margins are improving in that segment. We have been able to absorb some of the fixed costs that we had built in earlier in the year, ramping up for the significant growth that we had this quarter and continue to see. So it’s moving in the right direction. There are some material components to the segment, no doubt that’s higher than our electric segment. But overall, we’re seeing margins moving in line with what we had said to you all in the Investor Day in that 9% to 10% range. We did have a little bit of pressure this quarter because of our expectation on some contingency releases that didn’t materialize. Those projects still are performing quite well. It just didn’t knock it out of the park, which we had thought we could have in the second quarter. It’s – it’s really some of that. And then at the same time, you have the significant ramp in renewables, that new project dynamic as it comes in, they’d come in at a lower margin because you need to execute the contingencies before we can raise those margins. And so that is providing – that is creating some dilutive pressure, and that’s what you’re seeing in the third quarter. There is no – there is no other dynamic around the business itself that’s causing anything. It will get better and it is continuing to get better.
Justin Hauke: Okay. I appreciate that. And then I guess the second question here, on PTT. I understand you’re still finalizing the purchase price allocation. But can you give us some context of just the size of that acquisition? And then two manufacturing facilities, I’m just trying to understand, I mean, how accretive is this to margins from a materiality standpoint because I would think that its margins are much higher than probably your base business, but I just don’t know how big this acquisition is. And then maybe the last question as part of that would be, is there any change on CapEx outlook thinking about the expansion of additional facilities for them?
Duke Austin: The company itself, the revenue size is over $100 million. We’re not going to disclose purchase price. I’m sure you can find it in the K. So – but in general, it’s really not about the manufacturing capacity. It’s what we can do with it, the synergies we can get with it with the client. We can add some production fairly quickly.  It’s an underinvested facility. We will put some money in it. I don’t see our capital structure changing at all. And next year, we don’t need to do a lot to the facility. So I feel good about the capital deployment in there and the productivity lines and things like that, the things that we can do with the manufacturing facility. So I like that part of it. It is booked pretty good in 2024, 2025. And so it will be about us getting more productivity out of it and really working with our clients on what capacity looks like in the future. So that’s what we’ll be working on and putting that into the way that we provide the solution to the client.
Justin Hauke: Okay. Great. We’ll look forward to the K then later. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thanks so much. Duke, I wanted to start off on the customer base because I think there’s an important point, which is a lot of your renewable focused investment is with the large utilities as opposed to some of those private developers. So is there any way you can quantify that customer composition for you as you think about your backlog there? And as you have conversations with utility CEOs, are you seeing any change in their commitment to the business? We did, for example, note, accel, if anything, accelerated the renewables investments in Colorado? Thanks. 
Duke Austin: Thanks, Neil. When we look at our customer base, we’ve said all along. We work for the top 10 developers as well as the utilities and the world for that matter. So I feel good about where they’re at. I feel good about where they’re going all of basically the trends and what we see from backlog as well as opportunities continue to grow, both with the utility business as well as developer business. I go back and say, we look at our portfolio that we put together, we’ve derisked it and then we’ve also said we could stack on to it. The company has grown in 2021. We’ve grown 16% in 2022. We grew 30%. This year, we’re expected to grow 18%. So I don’t think we have a problem with the customer base. I think we are doing really nicely. We are working on margins, as Jayshree said. But that said, sequentially, when you look at quarter-over-quarter, we said there were some cadence issues in our renewables or some cadence issues in the jobs. It’s not a margin issue, it’s a cadence issue. And every single quarter, we’ll get better. We expect to operate in double digits next year.
Neil Mehta: Okay. Thank you. And then the follow-up for Jayshree. You made a comment that you’re on track for the plan are tracking ahead of the long-term plan. Any early thoughts on 2024? You mentioned you’re on track to be double-digit EPS growth, but considerations, we want to keep in mind as we build up the model for next year?
Duke Austin: I think when we look at it, we still feel comfortable with kind of the model that we put together. It’s way too early to give guidance on exactly what that will look like. It would be a disservice to you and us. But I do expect us over time, had the opportunity to operate above double digits on the EPS line at times, and I feel comfortable with the opportunity next year to operate in double digits.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Duke. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question. 
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning everyone.
Jayshree Desai: Good morning.
Andy Kaplowitz: Duke, I think I know the answer to this, but you mentioned you’re still pursuing many large new T&D projects. Do you still have good visibility toward backlog growth as you go into 2024? And how do you compare this T&D cycle to other cycles? You mentioned that just to Neil’s question, you mentioned you’re ahead of the long-term plan but part of the upside. I think when you did your Investor Day, it was going to come from megatrends. Have you seen the megatrends develop faster than you would have expected then?
Duke Austin: It’s – I see when we look at the market, it’s the best it’s been in our career, and it’s all about the macro market demands. People are underestimating data centers and the loads on data centers, they’re underestimating EV. You’re up to about 7% of new car sales into EV globally. That’s a big number for everyone. Your interconnections, you’re even on batteries just to make the batteries and the demand on the power cycle there. So I think all those things are underestimated when you start looking at where the business is going. And so for us, the long-term nature and the megatrends that we see continue to compound, you can delay some things. It’s really – for us, it’s really worrying about the ultimate customer and affordability at the ultimate customer level and how do we help our clients and help the ultimate customer get a cost price that makes sense. And as you see, as you get leverage across what you’re building with more demand, what you’re seeing 3% demand almost every single place has at least some demand growth, load growth, that load growth itself is really, really enhancing what a utility can spend on capital. Obviously, the market’s a little constrained there on the capital markets, but the demand is outfitting supply. So it’s some timing in places. But like I’ve never seen where we see so many things at once coming at you from a macro market. So we’re real proud to be in this business. And look, I get up every day and happy about me in here and trying to execute on the work that we have. I think that’s the big thing is just execution at this point.
Andy Kaplowitz: And then, Duke, yesterday, there was quite a bit of angst that I thought you were caught up in a little bit with actually offshore wind, and I don’t think you have any exposure there or very little, but could you remind us of if you have any on that side?
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks for the question. We’re very deliberate about no boats, no water. So we’ve been there, done that. We’re not involved in anything offshore other than onshore approaches and some we will help others onshore to fab or whatever it may be offshore, but we’re not in the water at all and have no exposure really to offshore wind other than transmission that may be built onshore.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate that, Duke.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question. 
Marc Bianchi: Hey, thanks. I wanted to ask about the market structure and sort of go forward in electric power and infrastructure. And this relates to some of the concerns around utility ability to sort of spend in this higher interest rate environment. I appreciate that you guys are doing a good job in long-term discussions with the customers and so forth. But from a macro perspective, is there anything about the current rate environment that maybe limits the growth opportunity in that segment? Obviously, you can continue to grow, but maybe not quite at the rate. Just curious if you can talk to that dynamic at all. 
Duke Austin: I do think you can push some things out. I mean you can – EV penetration is not there so you cannot plan and have interconnections at the distribution level. We’re seeing some where our crews, for example, are working 60, 70 hours, you’re working 50 hours, but you’re not losing crews, you’re just working less hours and you’re seeing some of that in the fourth quarter where we have crews that are just working 40. And that’s fine, but we’re adding crews as well. So really, as you move into 2024, they move capital budgets up, things look better. I do think load growth will exceed what most people think, it really helps with higher interest and costs. So I think we can get through that as an industry. The only thing is if you had like crazy interest, and I don’t see that coming. I do believe we’ve kind of stabilized there and utilities either. You see some that are selling assets to put it back in the regulated business. But look, you have a duty to serve and you’ve seen in California where they have like 120 days to make interconnections now by law. That’s going to come – it’s going to be prevalent across the country. And I just don’t believe that you can delay interconnections nor can you delay queue and the queue is coming out of everyone, and we’ve got – as an industry, we got a plan a little better. We’ve got to do some things, and we’ve got to get in front of this. And then you can’t be selective in urgency here. We’ve got to get the planning done and the work done for the next couple of decades. So we feel confident, yes, you can have some bounces along the way, but we’ve always said that there’ll be starts and stops a bit, but the CAGR itself will continue to drive the market for long term any kind of delay you have just means it’s pent-up demand, it’s coming at you. So we feel good. We feel good with our customers and our conversations have been. You may not see them grow capital 20%, they just grew at 15% or from upward levels, but I don’t – I’m not seeing much pullback at all. In fact, I’m seeing more growth to capital with our clients.
Marc Bianchi: That’s helpful. Thanks, Duke. And then on 2024 I know you don’t want to get into giving guidance, but double-digit growth is what you’ve said. And if I look at consensus, it’s up almost 20%. I’m curious if that’s attainable, knowing that you’re not guiding to it, but just trying to understand the brackets around what’s possible in 2024. 
Duke Austin: Yes. We’re not giving guidance. So I’ve given the buzz all I’m going to give. And so we’ve talked about the opportunity to grow double digits. I think that’s there. We can stack on at times. It’s too early to say. The models that are out there, I don’t know what’s in their Kip or Jayshree can go look at it, but I didn’t look at it, I just feel comfortable in the double-digit, talking about double-digit margin growth at this point opportunity for that as well.
Jayshree Desai: Double-digit EPS.
Duke Austin: EPS growth. Thanks. 
Marc Bianchi: Yep. Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, how are you? This is Erico [ph] filling in for Chad Dillard. How we should think about the mix of large versus small projects going into 2024? How will the – how would that impact margin profile?
Duke Austin: Can you say that again? I’m sorry, you broke up.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Sorry. How we should think about the mix of large versus small projects going into 2024? And how will that impact the margin profile?
Duke Austin: I think they’re both growing, and we stand by the state of margins to operate in double digits. We certainly have the opportunity to operate in double digits in the renewable segment as well as the Electric segment at upper singles in the UUI [ph] business, very much like we started – we’ll be prudent about how we guide. So you can expect us to guide prudently in 2024. I do – we do see growth to 2024. So the same approach we’ve taken for the last eight years, seven years will be taken going forward. As far as the mix, it’s still running mid 80%, 85% base business, something like that. And I believe that will be there. But the large project dynamic certainly there, we’re seeing multiple fronts of large projects. It will be early, but we do believe that is starting to stack a bit.
Jayshree Desai: As well as our base business growth.
Duke Austin: Yes. Grows at the same rate. 
Unidentified Analyst: How sustainable are underground margins?
Duke Austin: Look, we’ve always said we can get leverage out of the UUI margins. Our industrial business is probably a record year this year. We still like the industrial business a lot. So the margins have picked up. We have got levers. We do move back and forth. But I caution everyone again that this is a portfolio. This portfolio moves around, and you’ve got to look at it as a portfolio. It derisks you down at the bottom. That’s why you’re not seeing the blips at the bottom. Now you’re seeing double-digit growth. And again, I’d caution that if we get into this segment discussion, it’s these crews go from electric to gas to telecom and we should perform well in all of them. And our goal is to make sure that the company itself grows and our margin profile stays sustained over time. And that’s the portfolio we’ve built to derisk the investor as well as provide opportunities for beyond double-digit growth. And look, we’ll talk about the segments, but I go back and I point to 18% top line growth, still performing at high margins across the segments, and we’re delivering double-digit EPS.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Duke, your comments on that last question, notwithstanding, I will ask you a segment margin question. And maybe for Jayshree, I don’t know. But your guidance for renewables still implies ramping to double digits in Q4 margins. And so I’m just curious what’s going to be different in Q4 relative to Q3, that’s going to allow you to hit those double-digit margins. I mean you’re still going to be in early stages of projects. So you mentioned about carrying lower accruals. It sounds like there is a cadence issue not sort of an execution issue. So what – what’s going to be different in Q4? And then how does that carry into 2024?
Duke Austin: Yes. I think it’s where you started on all your renewables. We kind of started early in the year and late last year with multiple large projects there. So as those – and we booked all the way through, still booking. So you’re getting a better cadence in the larger project dynamics. So some of them are finishing up and so that allows us to obviously look at contingent releases, things like that in the fourth quarter in the renewable segment. So that’s what you’re seeing. And you’re also getting scale out of that business as well. As you go into 2024, same thing, the cadence, you are starting some larger line projects on transmission there. And so it will have a little bit of effect, but you don’t have Canada coming in, things like that. And I can let Jayshree to comment on the rest.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. I mean, that’s exactly right. There’s that – and then we’ll continue to progress on the other parts of the segment, right? As those projects mature, there are opportunities, and there were opportunities to release contingencies. We’ll continue to see that in the fourth quarter. And as Duke said, the scale it was for growing you’re going to start seeing – you’re seeing more and more of that fixed cost absorption. There will be more of that in the fourth quarter. So the combination of matured projects as well as that fixed cost absorption is allowing us to feel comfortable with the guide in the fourth quarter.
Duke Austin: Yes, Steven, I would also add that we talked about 3,000 add last quarter, we added roughly 4,000 in this quarter. So we’re up to 56,000 employees adding 3,000 on cadence per quarter is not easy, and it does press a bit. So I’d just caution some of that’s in there. And as you start working through that and you get good cadence with it, we can absorb a lot.
Steven Fisher: That’s really helpful. And then maybe just to ask about the electric segment. You’ve talked in prior quarters about some efficiencies in terms of Canadian underutilization as that market structure is a little different than the U.S. Can you just give us an update on that influence and maybe supply chain as well for the broader electric segment. Is that any particular influence at this time? And what visibility you have to those things kind of smoothing out?
Duke Austin: Yes. We’re operating really well in the electric segment. I mean, over time, I’ve always said double digits, 10%, 10.5% with into 11%, between 10% and 11% is our comfort spot and we’re operating at those levels. Canada is a drag. We’ve addressed a lot of things there. I think in the next year, we won’t have the drag this year. So pretty optimistic with some of that. We are getting some utilizations in the Lower 48 with some Canadian influence. But in general, we can do a lot of things on the front-end engineering. We can do a lot of things from our Canadian assets in Lower 48. So we will be utilizing them here in those assets. So I’m comfortable with where we sit in the next year. We do expect and we’re still negotiating some, but I feel confident that the larger project dynamic will start stacking in 2024, albeit early, but you’ll start to see some stocking in 2024. 
Steven Fisher: Perfect. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
Duke Austin: Yes. First, I want to thank our 56,000 employees out in the field that put the numbers up every day that work hard and safe and allow us to have a good call this morning. They’re dedicated shareholders as well. So we do appreciate them. And I’d like to thank you all for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter 2023 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2023 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we'll use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 3, 2023. And therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and including all statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, but that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We'll also present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and slide presentation. Please see Slide 2 in the appendix of the slide presentation for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta Services publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I will now turn the call over to Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary, and we'll then turn it over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta's CFO, to provide a review of our second quarter results and full-year 2023 financial expectations. Following Jayshree's comments, we welcome your questions. Our second quarter results continue our solid start to the year with strong double-digit revenue growth that resulted in record quarterly revenues exceeding $5 billion for the first time in our history as well as a record total backlog of $27.2 billion. We added approximately 3,000 employees during the second quarter due to the building momentum and increasing demand for our infrastructure solutions. We are investing in safety and training programs for our employees expanding various service lines and advancing our supply chain and other solutions. We are positioning Quanta for decades of necessary infrastructure investment and continue to believe our operational portfolio is a strategic advantage that provides us the ability to manage risk and shift resources across service lines and geographies, which we believe will become increasingly important as the energy transition accelerates. We believe our portfolio approach positions us well to allocate resources to the opportunities we find the most economically attractive and to achieve operating efficiencies and consistent financial results. Our Electric Power Operations are performing well overall, though segment margin experienced some pressure from lower utilizations in Canada. Demand for our Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions is strong. driven by broad-based business activity from utility grid modernization, grid security and system hardening initiatives as well as our reputation for consistent and safe execution. Accordingly, we are investing in resources ahead of the anticipated start-up of multiple multiyear utility programs and projects. Additionally, our communications operations continue to execute well from both a revenue and margin perspective. Going forward, our utility customers' multiyear CapEx plans remain strong and we are having discussions with a number of them about capital plans and programs looking out in years. North America's power grid continues to be challenged by a number of demands, including the need to increase the pace of modernization and increase the grid's resiliency and reliability through system hardening, enabling new technologies, facilitating higher levels of electric vehicle penetration, meeting growing power load demand and capitalizing on favorable federal and state policies designed to accelerate the energy transition. We believe Quanta Solutions offering and ability to safely consistently execute is industry-leading. We are uniquely positioned to collaborate with our clients on their multiyear grid operations. Renewable Infrastructure Solutions segment revenues increased significantly in the quarter as construction of renewable generation projects within the multiyear programs ramped up and high-voltage electric transmission and substation work remained active. Segment total backlog reached a record $7 billion at quarter end, driven by the addition of SunZia transmission and HPDC converter station contracts and various renewable generation, transmission and substation projects. We believe the momentum in this segment will continue, and we are making the necessary investments to scale our resources and capacity to handle multiyear renewable programs that we expect will yield record levels of new renewable generation over the coming decade, driven by the RA and acceleration of North America's energy transition. Additionally, we are pursuing billions of dollars of high-voltage transmission projects that are designed to support current and future renewable generation capacity growth and overall system reliability. As we have discussed on prior earnings calls and reported more recently in the media, federal and state policies designed to accelerate the energy transition and the electrification of everything, are expected to significantly increase load demand and are already pressuring the power grid. At the same time, there are significant challenges to getting regional transmission infrastructure built in a timely manner, primarily due to obtaining necessary environmental permits and regulatory approvals. The need for collaboration at all levels to ensure great reliability while minimizing cost impacts to the ratepayer remains the industry's greatest challenge. We remain pleased with the performance of our Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment, which delivered double-digit revenue growth and record second quarter profitability, demonstrating solid execution across our operations in this segment. Our Industrial Services Operations executed well, and we had strong demand for our gas utility and pipeline integrity operations, driven by regulated spend to modernize systems, reduced methane emissions, ensured environmental compliance and improved safety and reliability. We believe we are in the early stages of capitalizing on significant opportunities across our service lines and geographies, which are driven by our collaborative solution-based approach that is designed to ultimately benefit consumers. Additionally, the growth of programmatic spending, with existing and new customers, increased renewable generation activity and favorable megatrends provide greater visibility into our near- and long-term growth outlook. As a result of these dynamics and our solid year-to-date financial performance, we have increased our full-year 2023 financial expectations for revenues, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS. The energy transition towards a reduced carbon economy continues to progress, and we believe is gaining pace. Quanta is successfully executing on our strategic initiatives to drive sustainable and resilient operational excellence, total cost solutions for our clients and consistent profitable growth. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class build leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, our CFO, for her review of the second quarter results and 2023 expectations. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record second quarter revenues of $5 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $166 million or $1.12 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.65. Our second quarter electric power revenues were $2.4 billion and operating income margins were 10.1% consistent with our expectations for sequential revenue growth and margin expansion against our first quarter results. Our base business activities continue to lead the way for the segment of utility investments in hardening and modernization initiatives create growing demand for our comprehensive solutions. While the segment executed at a double-digit margin profile, it was negatively impacted by a lower-than-expected utilization of electric resources in Canada. Renewable Energy Infrastructure segment revenues for second quarter '23 were $1.4 billion, with operating income margins of 8%. The revenue strength in the quarter reflects the growing momentum behind renewable energy infrastructure and our customers' ability to move forward with construction activities in this favorable regulatory environment. Margins improved sequentially as increased revenues contributed to better cost absorption and as we successfully executed through risks on ongoing projects. Underground Utility and Infrastructure segment revenues were $1.2 billion for the quarter, and operating income margins were 8.6%, a noteworthy second quarter performance. Both large projects and base business operations contributed to the elevated revenues with margins benefiting from improved fixed cost absorption. For additional commentary comparing 2Q '23 to 2Q '22, please refer to the slides accompanying this call. Regarding backlog, with the inclusion of two of the three contracts with the previously announced SunZia award and continued robust activity in our Renewable segment we achieved another record level at quarter end. At June 30, 2023, backlog was $27.2 billion, an increase of $1.9 billion compared to March 31. Our 12-month backlog is also at a record level of $15.6 billion, approximately $1 billion higher than March 31. For the second quarter of 2023, we had free cash flow of $46 million. measured 78 days for the second quarter, lower than our historical average and aided by favorable billing arrangements associated with certain awards during the quarter. Regarding the Canadian Renewable Transmission Project, we've discussed in prior quarters, based on operating conditions and our ability to achieve stakeholder targets while overcoming the COVID-19-related challenges encountered throughout the course of the project, we decided to accelerate the construction schedule into the spring and early summer. As a result, the contract asset balance grew during the quarter and continues to pressure DSO, and will do so until we finish the project. Given our successful execution in the field and the ongoing discussions with the customer regarding significant portions of the balance representing approximately six to seven days of DSO as of June 30, we remain confident in our position. As of June 30, 2023, we had total liquidity of approximately $1.8 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.5 as calculated under our credit agreement. We expect second half earnings growth and cash generation to support our ability to delever over the coming quarters while continuing to create stockholder value through opportunistic capital deployment. Turning to our guidance. We are pleased with our performance through the first half of the year and see significant strength in the back half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter. From a segment perspective, we continue to expect Electric Segment revenues between $10 billion and $10.1 billion for the year. However, we expect full-year margins will be impacted by the costs incurred this year in preparation for the anticipated growth in multiyear utility programs. That, along with pressure from our Canadian operations, is leading us to lower our full-year margin expectations for the segment to range between 10.5% and 11%. Regarding our Renewables segment, given the performance of the second quarter and increased visibility into project activity, we are raising our full-year revenue expectations for the segment by $700 million, now ranging between $5.2 billion and $5.4 billion. We continue to expect margins around 8.5% for the year as much of the work is just getting started, and we will need to execute through project risks before margins have the opportunity to improve. After a good second quarter, we now expect revenues from our Underground segment to range between $4.4 billion and $4.5 billion, a $250 million increase at the midpoint and we continue to expect full-year margins for the segment to range between 7% and 7.5%. As Duke said, given our performance to date and improved visibility, we are raising our full-year revenue expectations, which we now expect to range between $19.6 billion and $20 billion, a $950 million increase at the midpoint of our range. We've increased our expectation for full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock to now range between $6.90 and $7.30 and increased our expectation for full-year adjusted EBITDA to range between $1.88 billion and $1.97 billion for the year. With regard to free cash flow, we are modestly raising our full-year expectations, primarily due to the expected increase in renewable revenues, which typically have a favorable working capital profile compared to our other segments. Therefore, we now expect free cash flow for the year to range between $800 million and $1 billion, with the highest levels in the fourth quarter as is typically the case. We slightly modified other aspects of our guidance, the details of which are included in our outlook summary, which can be found in the Financial Information Section of our IR website at quantaservices.com. Looking ahead, we are excited by the momentum and highly visible and growing multiyear outlook behind our Electric and Renewable segments. Additionally, we are encouraged by the strength of our underground utility and infrastructure segment, which continues to grow and execute at a high level. With this core operating portfolio, we are confident in our ability to deliver comprehensive solutions to support the energy transition and to create significant shareholder value through organic growth and strategic capital investment. I'll now turn it back to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed.
Brent Thielman: Great, hey thank you. Good morning. A nice rebound in renewable margin this quarter. I was wondering if you could just provide an update on solar supply chain pressures previously seen, maybe how that may or may not still be impacting the new renewables business? And should that sort of be a factor here still for you for the rest of the year?
Earl Austin: Thank you. Good morning. We're seeing what we thought would happen with the solar supply chain slashing in general, I think we are operating through those issues, and we had six months really where the industry stopped. And as we move forward, we thought there would be cadence to the segment to solar in general. That cadence is playing out like we thought. We're certainly increasing guidance due to some of that. And I think as you go through '23 and you operate through '24, you'll get a more balanced quarter-over-quarter type margin profile, but the margin pickups and the opportunities that we see on the other side of the year -- second half of the year into '24, '25 and beyond are certainly what we thought are greater.
Brent Thielman: Got it. Thanks, Duke. And then just my follow-up. Can you talk about what from SunZia is reflected in bookings this quarter? Is there still more to come as you're likely still in negotiations? Is it all represented here in the financials?
Earl Austin: No. We're still negotiating a third contract there on the wind side of the business. So that will be -- we believe we'll have that finished up here in the second half of the year, third quarter, fourth quarter, somewhere in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Kip, Duke, Jayshree.
Earl Austin: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Dudas: Duke, I want to follow-up on your prepared remarks, you talked about the challenges that the customers, utilities and regulators are facing. Have -- I assume to date, they've been overcome? Are there -- do you anticipate or given your discussions with your utility clients that there's going to be much more coming ahead like in the next 12 to 18 months? Or is it sooner? And is that impacting any of the mix of what type of either wind or solar development or what -- from regulators and customer base are looking at as you pace out your backlog opportunities?
Earl Austin: Yes, Mike, good question. When we look at regulation and you look at the -- what's going on at the consumer level, when you rebate EVs, the way we're rebating and then the grid itself at the distribution level certainly needs a rebuild, a significant modernization. So that needs to get started now, not when the consumer is getting his car and bringing it to the home, and they have no way to power their vehicle or it's inter-minute power. So I think as an industry, we've always been in front of what we anticipate. In those levels, we have to get in front of that. So at a federal level and state level, the collaboration with -- along with utility customer is necessary and where you have states that are worried on the bill and the capital at the consumer level, which we are as well, and you have federal pushing the other direction. We've just got to get a better mechanism to make sure that we can service what's coming at us. I think when you listen to the car manufacturers, when you listen to anything that we've been talking about, we thought that generation would double, we're here in triple now. There's no question it's moving forward. If it's double, if it's triple and you're also decreasing the decarbonization of coal and gas with renewables, the impacts for interconnections for transmission, the rebuilds that are necessary are monumental and the necessary capital to go into the grid, although when you look -- when you go forward and you try to net present value, total cost of energy, I think it's the right answer. It's just we have to get started with the capital plans and they're greater than you may anticipate or anyone may anticipate as you move forward. So it's just trying to put people in front of that and make sure the industry is collaborating. When we look at our clients even with inflation, even with everything that's going on, the capital is moving up. It's just the pace of where we need to be five years from now. It's not a matter of tomorrow. It's a matter of three years from now, five years from now in the industry itself is certainly I'm talking about the need for transmission and also the modernization of distribution systems.
Michael Dudas: So I guess from a -- the industry has been growing base load electricity at very slow rates. And are your customers seeing that going to be accelerating in the next five years? And again, are the plans there to that you have the ability to capacity given your three to five year outlook to execute on that?
Earl Austin: I think when you look at transmission, certainly, it's necessary if your fuel switching and then where the load is going from data centers, AI to just about everything, you're seeing load growth now in the industry across the board, you've got 110-degree heat. You had a low, what I would consider a mild winter, first quarter was pretty mild for the industry. But July into August, you're 100 plus in many areas. It just -- those impacts to the way capital is spent and where it's necessary to spend. You start moving up deviations of temperatures on this grid from a planning standpoint, it's exponential of load.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Obviously, some of the investments you're making for growth are weighing a little bit on the electric margins for now, but it's not really a new concept you've long talked about how you need to make investments to prudently support the growth. So can you maybe just talk a little bit about some of those investments that you've made this year already to support the growth, if you can kind of quantify year-over-year what that impact is? And how should we think about the investments for the second half versus the first half kind of where you're making these investments and out of frame what that might look like in '24 relative to the investments in '23?
Earl Austin: Yes, Steve, I think when you look at the quarter, we added from around 3,000 employees. We normally add about a 1,000. So when you start thinking through that, it does pressure where the company is capable of training, doing all the things that we need to do, the investments are already made. It's just pressure, there's four or five things that we could call out that's pressuring inflation, and you can call out whether we can make all kinds of excuses about it. Really, we can operate much better in Canada than we have been operating. The transition is a little bit behind in Canada, where we can operate Canada at normalized margins. We've been through the pandemic there. We've made different levels of, I would say, balance from G&A to training, to indirect and all those kind of things in Canada. As we move out of '23 into '24, you'll get into more normalized Canadian execution, and I think you'll see much better results that we can absorb just about anything. The portfolio that we put together in the segments, which should allow us to train, to put people in place for the foreseeable future. And still even in outward growth years, produce the type of margins that we produced in the past. I see no reason why we can. And I do believe we can operate the renewable segment in double-digits. I'll stand by it.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And maybe just to follow-up there. Jayshree mentioned that the Renewables margins are staying in this range until you can get comfortable with, I guess, execution and some of the other risk factors. So how should we think about the timing for allowing some of that upside to be realized in the margins and when could we see that better margin come through Renewables?
Earl Austin: Yes, Steve. We're starting quite a few large transmission projects in the segment. We're also starting thousands of renewable-type utility scale solar win. So when we look at that and where we're at, the cadence itself, we thought it would be back end loaded. So the start to the jobs as we operate through those contingencies, I think you'll see a more normalized margin profile into '24. We have to operate in double-digits in the second half or you won't get to the numbers that you -- what you see. I do think there's opportunities all the way through for us, we took a prudent approach to it. We tried to hit it down the middle. That's what we've done here. And I do think there's opportunities into '24 to get on a more normalized cadence.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Jayshree Desai: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Would backlogs continue to rise in your underground utility business and revenue has actually continued to pick up. I know last quarter, you were modestly concerned. You did raise the forecast there for the year. for this year. So what are you seeing on the ground there? And how are you thinking about the business moving forward? Could it end up being more resilient even into '24 than you expected?
Earl Austin: When we look at the UI segment, we've said that we thought we could get scale through some regional offices through the portfolio. I think you're starting to see that show up in the segment. We did -- we've operated great. We've had good industrial performance in the first half of the year. When you get into the back half, we do see some -- we have some pipe awards that we were awarded. We have some good things going on. We don't need those things to make the numbers. So we do see opportunity but you also have the weather impacts. We're doing more electrical underground. And so that will shift some of our UI segment over in the Electric segment. Just the way the segment reporting works, but as far as the crews and what we're doing from the scalability, it should rise our returns on the company. It will rise returns on the company overall. And the segment is also doing nicely in our service lines.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke, maybe if I could follow-up on that. You did 8.6 in that UI segment, which is basically as high as we've seen Quanta deliver but it's maybe the consistency over the last few quarters that's been interesting in that segment. So based on your comments, scale, balancing of the businesses there, could you continue to see more consistent and higher margin in that segment moving forward?
Earl Austin: I always thought we would operate in upper single-digits, and I see expectation. We are prudent about how we got in the second half due to the weather and northern climbs and things of that nature. But I do think that overall segment can operate in that upper single-digit range. We are pushing -- you are getting absorptions throughout due to the fact that you're doing electric and gas and telecom and renewables out of the same offices, you're going to see some scale out of that. And those margins are going to rise a bit, and that's what you're seeing show up.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Justin Hauke with Baird. Please proceed.
Justin Hauke: Good morning, everybody. I guess I wanted to ask a little bit in the Electric segment, the equity income contribution, which I know is multiple things, but it's mostly LUMA. At $9.4 million this quarter, it's -- it was kind of light last quarter as well. It looks like you took your guidance down a little bit for the contribution from there. Given that last year, it was kind of running almost at double these levels, is there anything that's kind of changed in that business that maybe we should think about that this is kind of the more appropriate run rate of the contribution from that?
Earl Austin: LUMA is performing as expected, there are some investments that we have in other businesses there that are off on the first half. We expect those to pick up in the '23 and into '24. But Jayshree, you can comment.
Jayshree Desai: Yes, Justin, we had a couple of outsized events from last year. We had a storm that helped our -- some of those entities in that part of the segment. And we also had some catch-up in LUMA, that's what you were seeing last year. This year, in general, the -- that part of the segment is performing very well. We continue to see the operations going as we would expect, a little bit of pullback, but nothing systemic, and we believe we can operate through a lot of that and continue to perform at these levels.
Justin Hauke: Okay. And then maybe following up on Andy's question on just the margins in underground. Obviously, they were quite strong. Usually, you would have more margin in the second half than you do in 2Q, but your guidance would imply a little bit softer than it was in 2Q. But is there anything unusual like project closeout or something like that, anything quantifiable that was in the quarter that made those margins unexpectedly high?
Jayshree Desai: No.
Earl Austin: No. I mean we said our Industrial business performed really well in the quarter as well. So that certainly was strength in the quarter. And I do think when you start to look out, you do not have great visibility in the fourth quarter in the Industrial business. So that said, the prudent guidance would be to pull it down a bit in the fourth quarter. And that's kind of what you're seeing show up.
Justin Hauke: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Neil Mehta: Yes, thank you. A couple of big picture questions. Duke, maybe your perspective on the M&A markets here. It has clearly been a core competency for you guys, particularly as we saw with Blattner, what do you think the market looks like for M&A? And are you thinking to the extent it is opening up smaller bolt-ons versus larger strategic?
Earl Austin: Yes. M&A, we have a strategy. We have a five-year strategy to provide solutions to our customers. We see opportunities across the board really to add-on, bolt-on, provide solutions, do some things that we talked about our front-end services. There's no shortage of opportunities out there. We're picky about how we go about it, and we'll follow the strategy. We're watching our cash generation. We're making sure we can absorb what we have, and we'll be prudent about how we go forward. And anything that we're doing is following the five-year plan, the strategy we laid out to our investors and we're ahead of those plans significantly. And I feel like the company is in a great position to provide those solutions that are necessary to keep the company moving forward at the pace that we've seen in the past. And we have good visibility into the next decade. And we're known for execution. We have to keep executing in the field, while looking at the strategy to add on and deploy capital in the proper manner for our stakeholders.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Duke. And that was the follow-up. If I go back to last April, you talked about the glide path of $6 to $6.50, I believe it was to $8 to $8.50. So like a 7% to 10% EPS CAGR. But then you talked about upside scenarios where you could get as high as $11 or $12. Just could you just give us a status update on how you think you're tracking relative to that plan? And remind us again, what are the levers that would get you beyond the base case of that $8 to $9.50 to some of those upside scenarios?
Earl Austin: I think when you look at our guidance at the EPS level, which is what we're measured upon, we're ahead of the 10% guide now on a growth basis this year, relatively 13% or better. So when I think about it, we're already doing that as we sit here today. And I do think we set all levers of the balance sheet, the opportunities that we see going forward. We'll continue to, we hear a lot of big numbers and those kind of things. We're executing at the local level. We're executing across the strategy and doing the things we need to do to drive EPS. And it's not just the top line, it's the quality of earnings. We're constantly talking about quality of earnings. If you look at our returns on return on invested capital and all of our returns, they are moving in the right direction as we go forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Martin Malloy with Johnson Rice. Please proceed.
Martin Malloy: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. My first question, I wanted to ask about the outlook for CO2 pipelines related to the carbon capture and sequestration. And just following on Exxon's acquisition of Denbury in part related to Exxon wanting to get larger in terms of the CO2 pipeline infrastructure. And just kind of curious what you're seeing out there in terms of outlook for potential building on those kind of pipelines?
Earl Austin: Yes. We see opportunities there across the board on hydrogen and also carbon sequestration. We do see that market as being a nice market. The blinds are usually smaller that they run longer, but they're smaller on that type of builds. But we're in constant discussions with the operators as well as the end users of hydrogen and also carbon the way we're looking at it. So I do think you'll see some of those lines move forward in '24, be some opportunities for us. The bill, the RA certainly provides economic benefit on both sides of that. And I do think that will help the market as well. So we are seeing opportunities in that area and staying in front of it. We've had some nice pipe awards. So we're happy with the business. We certainly said we would be able to handle those type of things and we can, and we are. So I think it's opportunities for us. It's not the main stay of the business, but we certainly like it.
Martin Malloy: Okay. And then for my follow-up question, I wanted to ask about undergrounding of transmission distribution lines. And it seems like it's appearing more in the press and utility company commentary about these multiyear programs to underground electric lines. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what your thing out there from a customer perspective, is that -- is it investment in those type of programs? Is it picking up meaningfully?
Earl Austin: I mean you see it in the West, the fire hardening that's going on and the fires out West from an insurability and what the punitive nature of a fire is to utility at this point, you have no choice but to start undergrounding. And I think you've seen that in the West. We're in early stages of that. It will continue on. It's decades of type reconstruction, but many of the lines that are out there in fire prone areas will go underground. They're not -- the insurance rates, things of that nature make it economical to underground, which you would have never said that a decade ago. And today, it's the only way. So I do believe you'll see the prevalent underground transmission in the corridors that we are. You have large wire constraints when you start looking at the larger transmission, the wire in Europe and things of that nature, that supply chain is tight. I do believe when you move forward some of those bigger projects that are undergrounding transmission will come about. We're certainly around the edges on those. But I mean, the mainstay work is overhead, long haul will still be in the air. Where in the fire prone areas, you'll see some underground.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Please proceed.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning guys. So my question is about the large versus small project mix, particularly for Electric Power and Renewables. Can you talk about what that mix is in the first half? What do it look like in the second half? And what did that second half exit rate mean for '24 and ultimately margins?
Earl Austin: Yes. I don't look at it. We don't look at it like that from our standpoint. It's really utilizations. The utilizations are great on all segments. You'll see bigger work. If you want to talk about a project, it will be more in your Renewables at this point. Your bigger programs, your multi-year programs will be more in Electric. It's just the deployment of capital, same crews, same people, cross and segments. So we're cognizant of that. The utilizations on both sides will be at high levels. What I will say is the company itself, no matter what segment you're in, the project starts are significant, and the cadence will start to stack versus just being a starting -- on the starting line. And right now, we're kind of in the early stages of a lot of large projects and programs. So those early stages will as you move in out of '23 into '24, into '25, you'll start to stack on top of that, and you'll get a normalized cadence where you'll see it as we operate through them contingencies move out, things of that nature as long as we execute like we have the last 25 years. We'll be in good shape, and we'll see those contingencies flow into future earnings.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then my next question is on the Northwest Lineman's College. Just trying to understand your ability to scale that just to meet the demand and labor if we're looking over the next three to five years? Maybe you can talk about like what the capacity is today and where it can go over that time period? And then also the 3,000 people that you brought on what was -- how much came from Northwest versus other channels?
Earl Austin: We recruit just internally across the Board, Northwest certainly is our some -- there's a lot of curriculum work, a lot of work that's necessary to be able to scale. It's one thing to add -- it's another thing to add 3,000 every quarter or 1,000 every quarter. And also while we're not totally pleased with the Electric margins, it's down 25 basis points or whatever it is on the guide. There's opportunities to operate at the same level we thought. That said, it's not as easy as we make it sound. They are certainly contributing to our ability to put the people in the field and execute very quickly and as we get absorption and things of that nature, that's only -- will only scale. And I do think we've invested in those colleges. We've invested in those curriculums, and we're not having issues with cross-skilled labor or front-end engineering. Could we use more? Yes. But we're able to meet the demands and the foreseeable demands on any type of curve we're looking at. We hope that supply chain catches up with us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Jamie Cook: [Technical Difficulty].
Earl Austin: Jamie, you're breaking up. I can't hear you. You got to do it again.
Jamie Cook: Right. Hold on. Can you hear me now?
Earl Austin: Got you.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Sorry. So my first question, if I think about your guide for 2023 and the back half earnings trajectory, it's $2.10 a quarter or so, which implies if we just annualize that earnings of, let's say, a base of $8.40 million and that's without SunZia. So I'm just trying to think about the back half of earnings in the setup and what that implies for 2024 is like can we think of an $8 base for 2024 without SunZia and that would imply upside to that? And then my second question is more to you, strategically. I understand you're fairly comfortable with your ability to ramp labor in this environment and capitalize on the growth opportunities. But to what degree do you get concerned just with projects like the size of SunZia that you want to limit the number of big projects you want to take on just in terms of more from a risk management perspective? Thank you.
Earl Austin: Thanks, Jamie. I figured I'd get '24 guidance. So I think when we look at it, of course. '24, you have some seasonality in the numbers and the run rate. I do think we talked about double-digit type growth at the EPS line. I don't see no reason why we won't continue those kind of numbers. Can it get outward, yes. We're not ready to guide to that. We see a great market. We're starting on great markets. I agree with you. We're stacking it certainly bodes well for us going into next year. When we look at the projects, the larger projects have been through that before with CREZ and other things in the company. We're highly focused on the customer and the customer level, the baseload work, we're still at a baseload work of 80-plus percent. That hasn't changed. I don't think it will. We will get large projects as we move forward. We are in negotiations constantly around programs and projects. You have to think about some of them being multi-year, five years in nature. Some of them are short nature. So it's just different type of projects. The company itself is focused on execution on those projects. I see both sides of it, I think we're seeing more material content within our EPC business. So just different things that the company is capitalizing on. So when you look at a return basis, our returns go better if we're able to sort of the material content as well. So lots of things going our way on that. And I think it's a competitive advantage for us moving forward as we start to be a large purchaser of material. So I like it. I like what we're doing. I think it will only enhance -- the larger products will only enhance the business and the base business as well as how we provide that solution to the client.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis & Company. Please proceed.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning guys. Nice quarter. Hey, Duke, what's the outlook for large T&D projects in Canada? And if it's not good, can you shift some of those resources back to the U.S.?
Earl Austin: Good question. We see a good market in Canada. We have some awards already that we anticipate starting on by the end of the year. We have some great clients partnering in Puerto Rico. So -- and a lot of customers in Canada, we are able to move resources, engineering capacity. Some of the things that we do in Canada over in the Lower 48. I wish it was easier. I wish the border was easier. It would certainly help us from a skillset standpoint. But that said, the company has done a nice job moving resources and doing some things in Canada. In general, when I look and step back at it, COVID played a big impact much more than we had here in the Lower 48, and we forget about it a lot. And we think, oh, well, it was nothing. It was significant. And we were in camps, we were doing some things there that were different. If we don't see the market will downsize the market, but we do see that -- what we see right now is the transition happening there as well. We're seeing more -- we're seeing wind, solar, some hydro different things in Canada to decarbonize as well. We're right in the middle of those things. It's just a little bit behind the Lower 48. And as we catch up, I think you'll see more normalized margins in Canada and a great market.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then in the Renewable segment, I hate to ask about '24. But Jamie started it. You guys kind of -- yes, exactly. You guys kind of blew me away top-line for renewables for 2023. And I'm just curious if you can -- or how you think you might build on that next year?
Earl Austin: I think we can continue to grow the business in the Renewable segment. We said it when we purchased Blattner kind of the cadence of that, and you're coming off of a year where the outward, what I think pullback was primarily due to the solar panel discussions. And when that cleaned up, there was pent-up demand, but I also see a great future in a future market. You're going to see quite a bit of wind repowering coming up as well as wind projects. And I don't even think you're seeing that yet. And when you start to see the programmatic spends of the wind repower on that as well, the company is positioned nicely for those things, and we'll take advantage of that. That was what led us to the Blattner acquisition, and I think that strategy is playing out. And we see decades of renewable switching, you have load growth as well that will go towards a renewable state. So as you see load growth double and you start to say, okay, well, how much the carbon are we going to take out of the system, while you're getting the load growth, it's significant. EV penetration, all those things are starting to hit the electrification of everything. And then you have the security issue of North America where you're onshoring. All these things are happening at once, and I see really, really good markets for a long time. Can you have some blips in the radar, of course, but on a CAGR basis over time, we like what we see, and we'll continue to execute in the field, which is our main concern is to make sure that we execute, build projects on time, on budget that are at cost that's what we feel economic to the consumer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Northland. Please proceed.
Auguste Richard: Yes, thanks for taking the question. In terms of energy storage. Are you starting to see an increase in demand for that in the renewables segment, if so on what regions and as storage is incentivized at residential, does that have any impact on transmission and distribution?
Earl Austin: I think energy storage can certainly benefit and we're seeing quite a bit, I would say, we've probably doubled in size in take it plus or minus 10, but we're seeing quite a bit of storage projects. We'll continue to see that to the west. And we see it all over, honestly. It's something from a utility skill standpoint that's necessary with the markets there. We're participating in it, albeit we -- it was a low piece of the business. So don't take that the wrong way. It definitely is growing. We were in front of it. We're doing nicely in the storage business. I do think it can help. It can help alleviate some transmission. But it's not -- batteries will continue to get better as you move forward. The storage capacity will get better. We're not there yet. It will be a small piece of the business for a foreseeable future, but growing. So like the business, like it, it fits nicely with our solar win. We're looking for ways to even get more efficient in batteries. So as we see that, the transmission as well, it can't alleviate a bit, but not to the point where you would see any kind of downturn in transmission at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Sean Eastman: Hi, team. I wanted to come back to the comment about adding basically 3x the normal run rate of people in the quarter? I mean, obviously, that's pretty notable. I mean other than the obvious signal that that's positive for underlying demand trends. What else we should take away from that? Is this showing an ability for the training infrastructure to flex up? Maybe we've hit a new kind of throughput level there? Any additional thoughts on this addition to the human capital story this quarter?
Earl Austin: I think, Sean, it's just a great example of what we've tried to say for a long period of time that we're able to scale the business. And a lot of people can talk about it and a lot of people can talk about scaling it. I want to see somebody at 3,000 and put the projects in there and execute at the levels we're executing. So I think we put the infrastructure in place to be able to do this, not one quarter, but over time, and it surprised me a bit from a seasonality standpoint, we added quite a bit in Renewable segment. And their ability to scale their business to these utility scale projects as many reasons why we acquired Blattner and we have the resources that we have internally. I just can't say enough about what we do from an execution level in the field every day to put the numbers up we put up. And they're just doing a really, really nice job. And we have great curriculum, great people. We'll continue to build upon what we have. It's exponential the way I see it in the curriculum and the things that we're doing from technology and training and things of that nature. We're certainly in the forefront. I look forward to us continuing down the path that we're on.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen. Please proceed.
Marc Bianchi: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask about the renewable power growth and kind of as it relates to the CAGR that you outlined at the Analyst Day last year of 10% to 12%. It would seem like you're well above that rate here, exceptional year in '23. But how should we be thinking about that 10% to 12% now? Is there upside to that? And how much of a bottleneck is interconnection? Thank you.
Earl Austin: I think when you look at it, we talked about kind of a 10% de-risk at the bottom on a CAGR basis and then all levers of the balance sheet, the megatrends that we see, you'll have some 15% outer years as you make acquisitions as you do other things or use your balance sheet with free cash. So those things are there when you look outward, if you take those things into account, if we invest the same way we've invested our capital in the past, I like our chances on the upper ends on the outward looks. But when you look at just organically, the business the way it sits in the queues and things of that nature, yes, there's tightening of your queues. Your transformers are 24, 36 months out on your HVDC. So if you have a project today and you're talking about it and you haven't ordered your transformers to have a spot, you're 24, 36 months out. I don't think it affects our clients, the clients that we work for. You're bigger clients already have transformers or have slots. So there's no real issue for them. But others that are looking for projects, it's not just, hey, I need in the queue. It's -- hey, I need in the queue, but I have my transformer capacity. I have my lines, I have the things that are necessary there. So that planning and things of that nature is a piece of it. I do think you're getting some clarity of regulation. I think the federal government, FERC and the states and the utility business, everyone is trying to collaborate here, more so than I've seen in my career. But I'll say this. It's necessary for us to do this as a group. And we need to collaborate as a group here for the next decade and beyond.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with B. Riley Securities. Please proceed.
AlexRygiel: Thank you. A very nice quarter. DSOs have improved into the 70s from past historical ranges of the high 70s to 90s. Can you talk about the catalyst to this and whether or not mix or contract terms have been a factor? And maybe expand a little bit more on contract terms today versus a handful of years ago, and if they've become a little bit more favorable to the contractor?
Earl Austin: Yes. I'll say a little bit. We're acquiring more materials and things of that nature, Alex, so it's helping us a bit on some of those projects from a DSO standpoint, but I think that's the bigger piece of what you see from a term standpoint. We need to be able to order outward and you've seen some inventories. Our inventories move up a little bit here or there on some of those things. But that said, I think that's the better terms. And Jayshree, you can comment on the DSOs.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. I think we've talked in the past about our expectations will improve on our DSOs and our working capital, and we're starting to see that. In terms of contract terms, certain parts of our renewable projects definitely allow us to, because the materials or the way the work is performed, allow us to run in a positive working capital. And you're seeing some of that benefit coming in now. But in general, we're feeling good about where our DSOs are headed as well as our cash flow projections. And you see that's why we modestly increased our cash flows for the year. It's moving in what we expected and we'll continue to see that improvement as our business grows in the Renewables segment.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Earl Austin: Thank you. We want to thank the 52,000-plus employees of Quanta for their commitment to safe execution. It does not go un-noticed that you're working in a 100-plus degree heat every day. Thank you. And I want to thank all the participating people in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2023 results which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2023 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we will use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 4, 2023, and therefore, you had advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and including all statements reflecting expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical recurrent facts. You should not place undue reliance on these statements as they involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We'll also present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of those financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release and slide presentation. Please see Slide 2 and the appendix of the slide presentation for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary, and we'll turn it over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta's CFO, to provide a review of our first quarter results, full year 2023 financial expectations. Following Jayshree's comments, we welcome your questions. Before we begin reviewing our financial results, I would like to briefly highlight the recognition that Quanta recently received from Engineering News Record, a leading engineering and construction industry publication. In our selected Quanta for its prestigious and highest honor, the award of excellence. Quanta was selected for its safety leadership with our innovative capacity model, a unique safety and training program that is designed to not only create a work environment that prevents incidents, but also build in the capacity to sell safely and it focuses on learning from mistakes in order to drive improved outcomes. Quanta is changing how we, our customers and the industry think about safety excellence, and I want to congratulate Quanta employees for their dedication to safety and their shared success in being recognized with this award. Our first quarter results, which include double-digit revenue growth and adjusted diluted EPS of $1.24 demonstrate a good start to the year. More importantly, we continue to enhance our self-perform model and remain on track to achieve our full year 2023 and multiyear expectations. Additionally, total backlog at the quarter end was $25.3 billion, a record and considerably higher than the same period last year. Notably, we see opportunity to significantly increase backlog as we move through the year, driven by our base business and larger energy transition projects, such as the SunZia Transmission and SunZia Wind projects we announced this morning. We believe we are in the early stages of capitalizing on significant opportunities across our service lines, which are driven by our collaborative solution-based approach that is designed to ultimately benefit consumers. Additionally, the growth of the programmatic spending with existing and new customers and favorable megatrends provide greater flex visibility into our near and long-term growth outlook. Our Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions segment continued to perform well and generated record quarterly revenues. Demand for our services is strong, driven by broad-based business activity from utility grid modernization, grid security and system hardening initiatives, as well as our reputation for consistent and safe execution. We continue to work with our customers to provide them with resources to meet their capital deployment initiatives and to help them address supply chain constraints. As we have discussed over the past several quarters, our view is that the electric power grid will require significant upgrade and modernization to handle the energy transition. We also believe that electric vehicle penetration could increase at a faster rate than expected, which could create significant grid constraints that we believe are underappreciated by many. We expect the issue in the near term, the medium term in most regions will not be generation load supply availability, but the inability to move supply to areas with accelerating EV-driven low demand through the current distribution system. According to estimates from UBS, United States EV car penetration is expected to be more than quadruple from approximately 4% in 2025 to approximately 19% by 2030. We believe this developing grid capacity challenge will be acutely impacted as commercial fleets, medium and heavy-duty trucks and buses become increasingly electrified. For example, yesterday, Navistar a long-standing key partner to Quanta for medium and heavy-duty trucks announced a partnership with us to provide its customers a turnkey, battery electric vehicle products and charging infrastructure solution that enables fleets to deploy battery EVs quickly and efficiently. The partnership intends to leverage Navistar's approach to delivering fully integrated e-mobility solutions to its customers with Quanta's expertise in assessing and designing EV charging infrastructure and building the interconnecting EV battery charging infrastructure into the power grid. Quanta understands infrastructure and its partnership agreement with Navistar, as an example, of unique vantage point we have into the growing challenges with the power grid as the energy transition and electrification of everything accelerates. As we have discussed on prior calls, to meaningfully reduce carbon emissions and increased electrification of the economy will require substantial incremental investment in transmission, substation and renewable generation facilities to produce and transport Clean Power and to ensure grid reliability due to the growth of intermittent power added to the system. One of the strategic reasons we acquired Blattner was because we believe the addition of utility-scale renewable generation solutions to Quanta's holistic grid solutions will transform our ability to collaborate early with our customers on their energy transition strategies over the coming decades and create a value proposition unique in the industry. To that end, this morning, we announced that Quanta was selected by Pattern Energy to provide comprehensive infrastructure solutions for the SunZia Transmission and SunZia Wind projects, which together compromise the largest clean energy infrastructure project in the United States history. Quanta will leverage the capabilities of multiple operating companies to execute these projects for Pattern Energy. We believe these project awards validate the power of our combined high-voltage transmission and renewable generation solutions and demonstrate the value of our collaborative approach to providing energy transition infrastructure solutions, which can serve as a model for the renewable and utility industries going forward. As expected, normal seasonality in the solar panel supply chain and regulatory hurdles from last year resulted in a slow start for our renewable generation project activities in the first quarter. However, these dynamics are improving and renewable generation project activity is accelerating, which we expect to continue throughout the year. For example, at the end of April, we were in various levels of construction on 28 utility-scale renewable generation projects. Further, we are in active discussions with clients about projects in 2024 and beyond and are focused on scaling our resources and capacity handle what we expect to be record levels of new renewable generation capacity additions over the coming decade, at least. Additionally, we are pursuing billions of dollars of high-voltage transmission projects that are designed to support current and future renewable generation capacity growth and overall system reliability. We are pleased with the performance of our Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment in the first quarter, which delivered double-digit revenue growth and record levels of first quarter profitability, demonstrating solid execution across our operations in this segment. Our industrial services operations executed well and experienced strong demand following 2 years of deferred activity during the pandemic. We also experienced solid demand for our gas utility and pipeline integrity operations, which are executing well and are driven by regulated spend to modernize systems, reduce methane emissions, ensure environmental compliance and improve safety and reliability. We continue to believe our operational portfolio is a strategic advantage that provides us the ability to ship resources across service lines and geographies, which we believe will become increasingly important as the energy transition accelerates. We believe our portfolio approach positions us well to allocate resources to the opportunities. We find the most economical and attractive to achieve operating efficiencies that enhance our operational and financial consistency. The energy transition towards a reduced economy continues to progress and we believe is gaining pace. Quanta is successfully executing on our strategic initiatives to drive sustainable and resilient operational excellence, total cost solutions for our clients, consistent profitable and value - consistent profitable growth and value for our stakeholders, all of which gives us confidence in our ability to deliver on our 2023 and multiyear financial expectations. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe on the diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneur mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, our CFO, for her review of our first quarter results and 2023 expectations. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record first quarter revenues of $4.4 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $95 million or $0.64 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.24. Our first quarter electric power revenues were $2.3 billion, and operating income margins were 9.2% and consistent with the directional views provided on last quarter's call and reflecting successful execution across the segment. Our base business continues to lead the way for the segment as utility investments in hardening and modernization initiatives create growing demand for our comprehensive solutions. Renewable Energy Infrastructure segment revenues for first quarter '23 were $1 billion with operating income margins of 3.5%. Revenues in the quarter were better than expected due to the acceleration of construction activities as our renewable customers move forward with projects. As we mentioned on our last call, we anticipated first quarter renewable revenues to be the segment's lowest of the year and the lower volumes would create fixed cost absorption pressure on segment margins. In light of that expected pressure from a margin perspective, we are pleased with the results from the bulk of our project activities. The overall segment margin was affected, however, by the large renewable transmission project in Canada, which we've discussed on prior calls. With over 90% of the project complete as of March 31, construction activities were quite successful during the quarter, and we believe we are positioned to achieve substantial completion after the next winter build season. Yet despite the significant progress, access delays, logistics and other issues outside of our control, increased our cost on the project negatively impacting quarter margins by approximately 120 basis points. We are working collaboratively with the customer to recover the financial impacts associated with these and other issues and are confident in an equitable outcome. Underground Utility and Infrastructure segment revenues were $1.1 billion for the quarter and operating income margins were 5.7%. Continued strength from our base business operations drove the performance with margins exceeding expectations, benefiting from improved fixed cost absorption on higher than anticipated revenue levels. For additional commentary comparing first quarter '23 to first quarter '22, please refer to the slides accompanying this call. With regard to backlog, we continue to achieve record levels. At March 31, 2023, backlog was $25.3 billion, an increase of $1.2 billion compared to December 31 and did not include amounts related to SunZia, which we announced this morning and was awarded subsequent to the quarter end. Our 12-month backlog is also at a record level of $14.6 billion which we believe is another indicator of the steady growing demand for our base business solutions. Our end markets remain robust with opportunities that can lead to new record levels of backlog in subsequent quarters. For the first quarter of 2023, as expected, we had negative free cash flow of $31 million, driven by working capital demands from the aforementioned Canadian renewables project as well as a ramp-up of work activities following the holidays, which is typical for the first quarter. DSO measured 77 days for the first quarter of 2023, lower than our historical average, aided by favorable billing arrangements associated with certain awards during the quarter. Regarding the Canadian renewable transmission project, the contract asset balance grew during first quarter '23 and continues to pressure DSO. Positive discussions with the customer regarding portions of the balance are ongoing, which represents approximately 5 to 6 days of DSO as of March 31, and we are increasingly confident in our position. As of March 31, 2023, we had total liquidity of approximately $1.8 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.5x as calculated under our credit agreement. The decrease in liquidity and increased leverage profile is due to roughly $450 million of capital deployed on acquisitions in the first quarter. We expect continued earnings growth and cash generation to support our ability to efficiently delever over the coming quarters while continuing to create stockholder value through incremental capital deployment. Turning to our guidance. We had a nice start to the year with record first quarter revenues and strong performance in the field. Given that strength, we are raising our revenue expectations for the year by $200 million, while our expectations for full year adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock are unchanged, ranging between $6.75 and $7.25. From a segment perspective, we continue to see Electric segment revenues between $10 billion and $10.1 billion for the year, with full year margins between 10.7% and 11.3%. We expect segment margins to be somewhat pressured in the second quarter due to challenging weather conditions throughout the northern and western parts of North America. Regarding our Renewable segment, given the strength of the first quarter and increased project awards, we are raising our full year revenue expectations for the segment by $200 million, ranking between $4.5 billion and $4.7 billion. We continue to expect margins around 8.5% for the year, with second quarter margins in the upper single digits. The increase in renewables is being offset by a reduction in our Underground segment due to a shift in the expected portfolio mix. Our segment revenue expectations are unchanged, but we now expect full year margins to range between 7% and 7.5%. We slightly modified other aspects of our guidance, the details of which are included in our outlook summary, which can be found in the Financial Information section of our IR website at quantaservices.com. Looking ahead, our end markets continue to strengthen, led by utilities, modernizing their infrastructure to support increased load driven by electrification trends and most importantly, to support North America's transition to a reduced carbon future. We believe we are uniquely positioned to deliver comprehensive solutions to the markets we serve and to create significant shareholder value through organic growth and strategic capital investment. I'll now turn it back to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Duke Austin: Morning.
Andy Kaplowitz: Duke, your backlog has been accelerating over the last few quarters. It seems like you are announcing more large projects are you just generally seeing an acceleration in these types of projects? And would you expect their frequency to continue? And then I know you talked about backlog continue to increase, does the higher backlog in your view raised the probability that Quanta could deliver at higher end? I think you had told us at the Analyst Day like 15% plus term EPS growth that you discussed.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Andy. I think when we look at the market and especially the larger projects within the market, there's a significant amount that you got to get through permitting, you've got to get through a lot of different things. More importantly, if you're going to transition the need for transmission in North America, for that matter, is significant, way more than what people will estimate. I think you hear it quite a bit where were moving towards the transition we are. So that said, we do see large projects across the board, but you have multiyear projects as well with existing customers that are also addressing this need to provide load to the load centers from the areas where you have renewables. So those things, along with what you're doing with EV penetration and things like that are certainly increasing. Our dialogue with customers is robust. The amount of capital necessary to go where we want to go, continues to grow. I don't see a path to get to anywhere near where we want to go in 2030, 2040, 2050 without significant infrastructure build across this grid. It's not meant to handle the modernization, the penetration of electric vehicles and what we're trying to do from a carbon environment without modernizing this infrastructure in a significant way.
Andy Kaplowitz: Are we at least trending towards your higher-end target that you talked about last year?
Duke Austin: Our backlog growing. We don't even have SunZia and it will go up significantly. I think it will go up significantly every single quarter throughout the year. It may not be a perfect CAGR, but it will grow through this year, and I don't see that stopping. I mean we've given you good guidance on a multiyear 10% type growth at the EPS line with the ability to grow 15%. I stand by it today, even more so.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thomson, Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey. Good morning, guys. Congrats on a strong start to the year. Duke at a high level, where do things stand with renewable - with the renewable supply chain?
Duke Austin: I think it's getting better. I mean you still you still hear Congress even today or yesterday, I can't remember. You start to see things around your reliance on China for panels. And I do think that will continue to play through this. But all in all, for what we see for what we have, we certainly have risk-adjusted kind of how we're guiding this year. So I do think we've watched it. We know what panels are in. We know what panels aren't in. I do believe that has alleviated a bit and we'll continue - so the supply chain has gotten better in many ways. Certainly, if there's any kind of regulation or things like that, it could change. But I do see more for that matter, everything being more onshore than offshore. And I do think that's a good trend for us in the way that we think about providing those solutions. Jayshree can comment.
Jayshree Desai: No, I have nothing more to add. That's right. I think it is opening up. We're seeing the supply chain, the panel manufacturers make -- do a better job of ensuring that they're meeting their requirements under the -- under the tariff provisions. But yes, if there is any sort of regulation, any sort of anti-China sentiment that continues to push through, that can obviously affect the supply chain again.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alex Rygiel with B. Riley. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you, gentlemen. Real quick question here. Where do you stand on the percentage of revenue generated from self-perform versus external subs? And how could it change over the coming years?
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Alex. I think in general, we're about 85% still. I think that remains the work mix for us. If it's more material concentric, we'll make some comment on it. Today, it's the same for about 85% of the business is still self-performed. We like that. We like that mix. I think it will continue. We certainly to have certainty in our projects and to the client on delivery times and on for our ability to provide earnings power, we need to be able to self-perform about that mix. And the constraints that we have, no one understands those and we have to make sure that we can operate through any kind of issue. So that's about the mix you'll see.
Alex Rygiel: And then secondly, can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment, particularly as it relates to SunZia? Congratulations on that. But how many bidders were on that? And how does that compare to a few years ago?
Duke Austin: Yes. Honestly, I don't have any idea. I know we had a great collaboration with the client. It was a collaborative effort. And I believe it shows what the Blattner acquisition did for us. When you put both of us together what we can do together, what we can do for the client, the synergies that we can create for a client in a project like this. I would say it's proof of concept, it's proof of what can be done with the client to ultimate consumer and I don't think there is anyone that can do what we can do with these type of projects based upon history based upon what we're able to really think through for early in construction we can certainly create impacts and solutions to both sides of this transition, unlike any other.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Hauke: Great, thanks. So I guess I had a couple of questions on SunZia, just because it's been out there, obviously, forever, it's had all kinds of moving pieces on the financing side and the regulatory side. I'm just curious, is there anything that it still has outstanding that it needs to receive to start construction in 4Q? Or is that pretty much all cleared up? And then I guess related to that, is there any contribution that you're assuming in your guidance for this year from it?
Duke Austin: Yes. We have some revenue in our guidance this year from it. It was in our uncommitted prior to the award. But that said, it's minimal. And I don't -- we don't see a pullback or a path where it doesn't go. So there's a lot of commitments being made here. We feel like the project is a go project, it's a great project, patterns of long time customer, Blattner and IRA for that matter. So we're confident, and we've worked hard with the client to make sure that this project is a showcase for them and us and the industry, what can be done through hard work. And yes, it's a long, long project. It took a long time. It shouldn't take this long in America to build infrastructure. So certainly, it's -- we're glad to get it across the finish line for everyone.
Justin Hauke: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then I guess my second question is just on the Canadian renewable job. You said it's 90% complete, and you're expecting it to complete with the next winter build. So does that mean that for the next couple of quarters, there's really no contribution on that, and so we shouldn't think of that as kind of a source of potential pressure and it won't start up again until we get back to next winter when it completes? Is that the right way to think about it?
Duke Austin: Yes, a little bit on the project. That's the way to think about it, but a little bit on that project, just so we can discuss it a bit -- it's a project that we did through the pandemic. And it's a project no one's done in northern climes like this, where we've taken people off fuel and putting them on renewable power I think it's significant in the way you think about the northern climes and what can be done. Our people work through a pandemic and built this. And so that said, no one's ever done that. No one's ever -- so the way that we're thinking through it, we've taken a prudent approach taking a prudent approach the way we've looked at it. All I can say is we can build things in northern climes better than anyone in the world. I'm confident in our position. I think it's much better than what we have, but we took a prudent approach to it. We'll continue to do so. I don't think you'll see any more fluctuations unless it goes the other way. I feel confident in where we're at, and it was our decision really to make sure we derisk the rest of the year and the rest of the job with the approach that we've taken. So we're extremely happy with our people, this build was significant for us in a code-free environment of what's possible. Our productivity rates and everything else were off the chart. So real pleased with how we finished up, and I do believe it will pay dividends in the long term.
Justin Hauke: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Congrats on SunZia. I just wanted to follow up on that last point there. I mean, this seems to be a reminder that things can happen on these renewable projects. And so how can we get comfortable that these risks can be reasonably controlled what comfort can you give investors that SunZia is not going to be an execution overhang on Blattner has done other work in New Mexico before. You're taking great efforts to derisk the business, but it's obviously -- it's a big, huge project. We do have a margin impact this quarter from renewables projects. So what comfort can you give investors that there's not going to be an execution overhang now? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Steve. SunZia is right down the middle for us, both from -- we just got off a wind project, with pattern did really nicely. We built line across that part of the world, many, many times, not concerned. What I can't control is a pandemic, so if our project has a 24-month pandemic in it, I don't know how to address that yet. I'll let you know when we get done with all the settlements on the claim. But the one in Canada, we work through a 24-month pandemic in a camp in the most northern territory in North America. So - and by the way, like every other project up there is off the rails. So look at coastal gas, look at Trans Mountain what they did compared to what we've done. I like our chances. So I know - we know we're doing on large projects, and this one is right on the middle. I expect many more of them to come.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard: Hi. Good morning, guys. First of all, can you talk about what is the mix of small versus large projects today, particularly in electric transmission? And then like with the recent spate of large wins that you've had over the couple of quarters, like where do you think that mix goes over the next couple of years? And what I'm multiple trying to understand is like how should we think about the margin impact of a potential mix shift?
Duke Austin: I think when you look at it, it's about the same between 80%, 85% base business, the why we've laid it out. Large projects will grow significantly. Our base business will grow significantly. We're signing much larger MSA type programmatic expense than the projects that you're seeing. It's just there over multiyears. This -- SunZia is over -- I think we get done in '26, end of '26, the line goes a little faster, '25. But that said, we have multiyear type MSAs type agreements with our current customers that are longer in nature that are much bigger. So we continue to see both the base as well as these larger projects, as we've talked about the stacking effect due to the transition and all the things that we're able to accomplish there on the company is in front of it. And I do believe the outlook looks good. And certainly, our strategies are 5 years out. And I like where we're at. And I think we're right on track, maybe a little better.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then, can you give a little more color on the Navistar partnership? Is this something where it's exclusive for Quanta? And then just like at what stage of the sales cycle is Quanta brought in? And is this like the type of like pro work that you've been talking about?
Duke Austin: Yes. When we look at the Navistar contract, I think it's just how we relate with our -- not only us, but our suppliers we collaborate. And that collaboration leads to other things that we can do together such as try to create the safest truck in the industry, which I think is where the start was trying to create the safest truck what can we do with automated driving, what can we do with other things. And then it led to -- well, what can we do together to build the infrastructure necessary to go to electric vehicles. That said, if you think about Navistar's -- their amount of market share in school buses, in every school district across North America, it's significant. Many of the school districts load once you put buses and you go to an EV type bus, it will pull more load at the bus depot than the town. So when you start thinking through that and you're struggling in all the school districts that are out there, I think it's a significant build. It's meaningful for the company. And if we work together, we work with our utility clients and municipalities on the front end of this, we can certainly do it cost effective and create an environment that allows everyone to move towards carbon free.
Chad Dillard: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Congrats on SunZia. I guess first question, is there any way you could size the number of projects or in dollars, what you're bidding on, where you're bidding both the transmission and the renewable side sort of like SunZia, so we can see how many more opportunities that are out there? And to what degree are you worried - or I know you've been investing in labor for some period of time, and you always have, but that you need to ramp your investment in labor even more? And could that be a risk to margins in the short term? And then my second modeling question is just on within renewables, understanding the first quarter margins were below your expectations, and you explained that fine, but I think you maintained your renewable margin guidance for the year despite the first quarter being lower. So I'm wondering if that implies potentially the rest of the business is performing at a level slightly better than you expected? Thanks.
Duke Austin: Good morning, Jamie. So I do think when you think about that we're on call it, 25 renewable projects today. All those have interconnections. The discussions with the customer are usually when we didn't have Blattner, you weren't combining that. You were really -- we were doing a lot of the interconnections for the utilities or for the developers. Some are going towards a combined approach I think the more we show the economics around it, the more we think through it, the bigger the projects, certainly, the more economical it is for us to think through both wind solar and interconnection with the client, and we do that quite a bit. As far as -- there's a significant amount of projects out there that are ongoing or from utilities driving win towards the West on the East Coast coming down from Canada, where you're absolutely bringing load wind, whether we're on the wind side or not. Usually, we're on both sides of it. If they combine it is better. I think it's our job to show the client the economics around that and how we see it. And is that the ultimate is that the ultimate project for the consumer at the end. Can we do it cheaper and more efficient. So I do think I like our chances. SunZia is certainly a highlight of what can be done. And I think it -- when you collaborate early, you get those kind of results and everyone wins. As far as the margins on renewables, I think a lot of that was the Canadian project pulling it down a bit. I do believe when you start to scale the way we're scaling, what happened in the renewable business across the board, you had a stop 6 months, 9 months where no one did much because of all the regulations in '22. And that -- and also the IRA coming in. As the IRA comes in, you're going to get on more of a run rate base rate that you can see and you'll stock on top of that as you grow, I don't think you'll have this cadence that you have where you're growing from the first quarter significantly into the second, into the third and the fourth. And you get more -- obviously we have to perform on the back side much better than we did on front. And I believe everything in historical, nothing on the back side outside of any historical margins. In fact, it's right down the middle for us on the backside of this. And I think that should create -- you'll have some seasonality in the first quarter, but your fourth quarter is going to obviously grow you have some impacts in the second due to our -- the way that we're mobilizing on projects and things of that user, but it should smooth on out into '24 and beyond.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. And we are seeing better performance in the rest of our business, Jamie. When you see the impact of the Canadian project at 120 basis points. The rest of the business, we were we were pleased, as I said, the performance there margins are doing better than we expected. And as Duke said, as we move out of first quarter into second, third, you're going to have more volume, you're going to have better fixed cost absorption and you're going to just have better productivity as a result of getting into better climates.
Jamie Cook: Well, not to push you, I'm just wondering if the back half margin implied double-digit if that's a new run rate going forward given just what you're seeing in the market?
Duke Austin: We don't have enough history Jamie to give you that. If I can get 12 months' worth of run clean on renewables, I'll be in a much better place to give you some dialogue, but it certainly will -- if you do the math, you've got to be in double digits on the back half.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Marc Bianchi: Thank you. How much should SunZia contribute to backlog here in the, I guess, second and third quarter? And then how is your - how does that constrained, if at all, your bandwidth to take on additional work? Is there a level where backlog gets filled up and you're probably just going to continue to work on that level for several quarters?
Duke Austin: I think we'll continue to grow backlog. We're not going to comment on how big the job was. We said is the largest renewable project in North America, so it's quite large. We'll put it in backlog next quarter, and you can infer what that looks like. But -- that said, in general, as far -- we hear a lot around constraints. The company has grown about 1,000 employees a quarter. We're roughly very close to 50,000 today. And I do think that growth continues. We were set up to meet the demands out there. I've not seen the demand outpaced our ability to grow and grow in a efficient way where we can certainly put the resources on the projects and that we see anything we've seen in the market anything out there we're bidding on. We can certainly handle and handle more of it. I challenge the supply chain to catch our ability to perform the labor because that's where the problem is.
Marc Bianchi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, Duke and team. And I guess my first question is just around the cash flow, free cash flow progression over the course of the year and how we should be thinking about the $750 million to $1 billion guidance and whether you're on track and whether you're targeting where -- within that band you see yourself being.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Hi, Neil, yes, we are tracking toward that $750 million to $1 billion. We still feel good about it. Our first quarter was negative, which is typical for us in the first quarter, given the working capital requirements coming back from the holidays, ramping up. We did also have a little bit of pressure in the first quarter with some retainage as well as some material procurement that impacted our DPOs. But again, well within our expectations, and moving forward, as the work increases, we've got more renewable projects coming through. You're going to see that cash flow and the revenue come in as a result. Our expectations are still within that $750 million to $1 billion. I think we're on the midpoint is where -- Neil, if you're asking me today where we are, that midpoint is right down the middle and where we would be. And so we feel good about where we are today and see no reason to change that.
Neil Mehta: Okay. That's really helpful. And then the follow-up is just on one of the core competencies and capabilities of your organization has been around making strategic acquisitions, not just large ones like Blattner, but also smaller bolt-on ones as well. What's the opportunity set in the M&A market for tuck-ins, recognizing big strategic points are probably less likely as you are working to integrate Blattner right now?
Duke Austin: We made three in the first quarter, I think, are extremely strategic, so that said, it addresses the mid-market solar and many other things. So our ability to think differently and to get in front of these type trends as well as families that want to perpetuate their business I do believe we'll have the ability to do that. We'll certainly weigh that against organic growth on the way that we're thinking about the market. So there's opportunities for sure. And I'll go back to cash flow. If we grow the business for every $100 million we grow, we pull cash out. I think it's around $12 million of free cash, somewhere in there. So don't -- like if we grow another $500 million of guidance, you're going to pull out another $70 million of $60 million of cash. So just that happens. We've got to make sure that everyone understands that is if we grow more than what we say, it does pull cash.
Neil Mehta: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Eastman: Hi, team. So it's great to see the later kind of revenue synergy story coming together with this big SunZia win. Duke, you had alluded to the economics to the customer being better when you guys kind of come to market with this combined transmission generation solution. Could you give us a little more color on that and kind of what the go-to-market pitch is? And what the benefit to the customer is here?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean I just -- there's a lot of synergies, Sean. It's kind of like the Coke secret sauce, I'm not going to tell you what it looks like. with the ingredients are. So the issue is, for us, if you get us in early, our ability to put a construction-led engineering package together is what I think leads the industry forward, not only from a safety standpoint, just the way we think about supply chains, everything with a long the build. So it's just our ability really to think through how we're going to build something and then make sure the engineering matches and where we build all kinds of different things from logistics to everything else, and we know a ton. And look, we know who's going to build it. So we know the craft that's going to build now the superintendents that are going to build it. When they sit with the customer early it always ends well.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Interesting. And then a little bit more granular. We haven't hit on the Underground segment. The first quarter margin performance was quite a bit better than we expected. And then I think the guidance for the full year has come down. So I just want to understand what's happening under the hood around that mix shift you described.
Duke Austin: I just think in the Underground, when we look at it, I think the way we see capital spend at our customers, you can see some pull in from gas LDC into maybe Electric or Electric to Underground more so another half of the year. The total portfolio rises, you may have some impacts on a little overhead here or there. On your gas, your industrial business in the back half, we need to watch it. We have good visibility for 6 months and then you can't see the back half. So you're hesitant on putting something forward that is not there at this point. So we'll watch the underground business. That said, I do think that mix shift happens and there'll be some portfolio adjustments year-over-year all the time because the difference between electric and electric creating renewables or electric creating electric it's nothing. It's the same. You just -- it's the work type, who you're working for primarily or what you're doing with the work. So that said, I mean, they can -- we could grow the electric side of the business faster than the renewable side at times and the renewable side faster than the electric at times I just -- that was going to blend in and the underground business is the same thing. We can be doing telecom 1 day and gas the next, that's the beauty of the portfolio. And I think if you -- if we get operating leverage, if what the company is doing right, we'll continue to see some work mix shifts in underground, but you're going to higher margins in electric and telecom. It's a good thing.
Sean Eastman: Okay, interesting. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Kip, Duke and Jayshree.
Jayshree Desai: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Following up on, you mentioned telecom. Maybe you could share it seems like your revenue expectations remain what they have been. What are some of the trends you're seeing, anything that's been more beneficial Quanta? And could you - there any visibility into, say, 2024 on some of the programs and where you guys can get involved?
Duke Austin: Yes, Mike, we're starting to see more and more programs from your non-traditional customers. So I think [indiscernible] close to $1 billion double digits which is what we are trying to accomplish, and we're very, very close. It wouldn’t surprise me if we surpass it. I think we pace the growth right. I think we've done purposefully there and we'll continue to take advantage of the market. That said, we're not investing a lot in that from acquisitions or things like that, it's primarily around organic growth at this point. So it allows us to really expand our other things against that market. So we're pacing our growth. I do big opportunities in 2024 really and beyond. '23 is nice, but we'll continue to watch it. It does get tickle at times.
Michael Dudas: Thanks, Duke.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thielman: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Duke, curious the outlook for sort of other new wind bookings opportunities. It seems like solar is kind of in the hot market last few years. Wondering if you're seeing RFP is picking up and wind and maybe that's another significant lever, I guess, beyond some from bookings in the coming quarters and years. And I guess, of that, too, are the economics of those projects more attractive than solar? Because it seems like it would be a less saturated sort of competitive environment given the technical necessities there.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we're seeing more opportunities in the outer years. And when I mean the curves to the cards work and what you need so your battery projects are going to pick up significantly to handle some of the intermittence fees as well as the wind in certain areas. You have to have transmission interconnects and things of that nature. So a lot of it is the transmission cues as you get these larger lines built, you'll start to see more wind behind them. But they're not going to build the wind if they don't have anywhere to put it. And repowering certainly is a big business that we'll continue to see that repowering market is nice. And I'll let Jayshree comment on this.
Jayshree Desai: And the only thing I'd add to Duke's comment is wind is starting to get some momentum. I still think -- and we're still seeing that it's more back-half weighted as projects have to get through the permitting and interconnection cues. And for all the reasons Duke mentioned about the complexities of moving that wind power to where the load is, it just -- it's harder and it takes more time. And you have the IRA coming in as well, which will allow for more wind and have wind be as competitive solar. But again, the projects have to move through the development cycle to be ready to be built. But in terms of economics, no, I think we are comfortable with both. Blattner especially has a strong history in building wind and now solar and they've proven themselves to be successful in both.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning will be from the line of Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Marc Bianchi: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask on the back half renewable margins here. You mentioned the, I think, 120 basis point burden in the first quarter. I'm curious what that Canadian project would be burdening the back half by just so we could get a sense of what it would look like once that's out of the backlog?
Duke Austin: Yes, I think it's not material, if anything, on the back half. It's in the '22 a bit. So I think when you look at '22, it's down a bit and it won't - Canadian has been an impact in that segment. So there's not as much Canadian content in the back half of our year. And so we're confident in the historical performance of both sides of the business to be able to perform double digits in the back side of this - of the year.
Marc Bianchi: Okay, super. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I'll turn the floor over to management for closing remarks.
Duke Austin: Yes. I want to mainly thank our people in the field. We had a really, really nice quarter through tough winter that the foot of snow in places, these guys, women in the perform in northern climes better than anyone in the world and what they do every day is remarkable. They're building the nation's grid. And I'm real proud of where they're at from a safety standpoint and where we're at. And I'd like to thank them and you for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  And it is now my pleasure to introduce to you, Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Kip. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2023 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we'll use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 23, 2023, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not rely or do not relate solely to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release and the presentation along with the company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release.  Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary, and we'll then turn it over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta CFO, to provide a review of our financial results and full year 2023 financial expectations. Following Jayshree's comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported strong fourth quarter and full year results, which were built off an industry-leading operational and financial platform that delivered another year of solid, safe execution and profitable growth. Additionally, total backlog of $24.1 billion at year-end was a record, and that does not include several notable recent project awards. Driven by the dedication and operational excellence of our world-class employees and the culture of collaboration throughout Quanta, we believe our '22 -- 2022 results also demonstrate the benefit of our diversified portfolio of solutions, our repeatable and sustainable model and the successful execution of our strategic initiatives to drive operational excellence and total cost solutions for our clients and ultimately, the consumer. Our portfolio of companies, diversity of service lines, geographic coverage, outstanding field leadership and deep, long-standing and collaborative relationships with our clients have allowed us to successfully navigate through the challenges presented by a global pandemic, and manage ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty and supply chain constraints, while still delivering five consecutive years of record adjusted EBITDA and six consecutive years of record earnings per share. We accomplished a great deal in 2022 through the successful implementation of our strategic initiatives and our past success positions us well for the future. Our innovative approach to our infrastructure solutions, our portfolio of services and our passion for working collaboratively with our clients to support their success, positions us to be a critical partner in enabling the energy transition for years to come. Here are some of our accomplishments in 2022. We continue to successfully advance our front-end solution strategy, both organically and through acquisitions and strategic investments. Our focus is on strengthening our design, engineering, permitting, environmental, logistics and program management capabilities. This strategy allows us to expand our customers and provide them with greater certainty around cost, time to market and quality, which ultimately benefits consumers. It also enhances our risk management capabilities and increases our total addressable market. Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions segment revenues achieved record levels, maintain margins and increase market share despite some work delays caused by ongoing supply chain challenges. We further expanded our emergency response capabilities and supported our customers' efforts to restore power to millions of people adversely impacted by several severe weather events during the year. Our ability to quickly mobilize significant resources to support our customers in times of need is unmatched in our industry.  LUMA Energy, our joint venture with ATCO, which is managing Puerto Rico's more than 18,000-mile electric transmission and distribution system, continue to improve its customer service, response times, customer communication and workforce safety as well as overall system reliability. Additionally, LUMA restored power to more than 90% of its customers in less than two weeks following Hurricane Fiona, which was much faster than previous storm responses by the prior grid operator and was comparable to, if not better, than restoration times following major hurricanes in the mainland United States. Though many years of challenges and work remain, we continue to believe this opportunity is transformative for Quanta and the people of Puerto Rico and remain committed to supporting LUMA's mission to provide reliable electricity while building a modern and sustainable transmission and distribution system. We continue to grow our communication services business and increased revenues by approximately 30%. Contributing to the growth was further development of our wireless infrastructure solutions, which expand our opportunities to capitalize on 5G network deployment and ongoing enhancement of 4G wireless networks. We continue to make meaningful progress on growing our portfolio of services within each of our operating companies to further enhance our operating results. For example, we are leveraging our gas utility assets to perform certain aspects of underground electric power and telecom-related work. We believe the resource expansion and operating leverage we gained through these initiatives is significant opportunity for Quanta to reinforce our self-perform capabilities, improve operating efficiency and profitability and demonstrates the strength of our portfolio approach. Quanta's Capacity Model was recognized by the National Safety Council as a finalist for its prestigious Green Cross for Safety Award, which recognizes outstanding projects in organizations working to support the National Safety Council's mission to save lives and prevent injuries from workplace to any place. The Capacity Model is revolutionary because it only creates a work environment that focuses on preventing an incident but also builds the capacity to fell safely. We demonstrated our commitment to stockholder value and our confidence in Quanta's financial strength and continue to growth opportunities through the repurchase of approximately $128 million of our common stock and a 17% increase of our dividend while also increasing our liquidity. And finally, we continue to increase our efforts and dedicate resources towards implementing sustainable business practices throughout the organization. We made significant progress in our 2021 Sustainability Report, which discusses the company's accomplishments during that year and marks a key milestone for Quanta as we published our first consolidated sustainability metrics, including our Scope 1 and 2 emissions. We also highlighted and discussed the important positive impact Quanta has on society and enabling the energy transition and technological development. Demand is robust for our solutions that support our customers, efforts to modernize and harden the grid and prepare it for the impact of increased electric vehicle penetration. This activity drove our Electric Power segment results and backlog strength during 2022, primarily due to significant multiyear master service agreements and gains through our service line expansion with utilities. Further, we continue to believe we are in the early stages of utilities undergrounding transmission and distribution lines to protect them from the effects of severe weather events and wildfires. We see this activity increasing in the Western United States and high-fire threat areas, but these initiatives are active in other areas of the country. Examples include electric transmission projects in the Northeast, distribution circuits along the coast lines and electric transmission line projects for offshore wind generation. Many of these initiatives are part of a large-scale multiyear system modernization and hardening programs. Our utility and renewable developer customers who accounted for the majority of our 2022 revenues are leaders in the effort to reduce carbon emissions, increased electrification and lead the energy transition with aggressive plans to expand and modernize the power grid and grow their renewable generation portfolios. Achieving these goals will require substantial incremental investment in transmission, substation and renewable generation facilities to produce and transport clean power to ensure grid reliability due to the growth of intermittent power added to the system. For example, in December of last year, we announced Quanta's selection by Xcel Energy as its prime constructor to manage all construction activities for Colorado's Power Pathway high-voltage electric transmission project in Colorado. The approximately 610-mile high-voltage electric transmission line project is designed to increase the reliabilities of the state's power grid and enable future renewable energy development in Colorado including approximately 5,500 megawatts of new wind, solar and other resources that Xcel Energy plans to add through 2030.  While the supply chain and regulatory hurdles created challenges for the renewable industry during 2022, there is significant demand for our power grid and renewable generation solutions. Number of solar projects that were delayed in 2022 are beginning to move forward in '23. Regulatory hurdles are easing and the implementation of the Inflation Reduction Act or IRA which is considered by many to be the nation's most ambitious legislative action ever taken on climate is expected to have meaningful positive effect on a number of our end markets, which would be additive to our strategy for at least the next decade. Our underground utility and infrastructure solutions segment consistently performed at a high level through the year. Revenues grew strongly and margins significantly improved, after navigating through tough operating conditions caused by the global pandemic over the prior two years. Importantly, we continue to invest in our people and strategies during those challenging times and emerge as a stronger and better company, which is reflected in our solid 2022 results. We expect to continue our focus on growing our gas utility, pipeline integrity and industrial services businesses consistent with our strategy over the last five years, which are executing well and driven by regulatory spend to modernize systems, reduce methane emissions, ensure environmental compliance and improve safety and reliability. Looking to the coming years, we continue to believe Quanta has any meaningful opportunities with customers in this segment as they increasingly pursue strategies to reduce their carbon footprint and diversify their operations and assets toward greener business opportunities. Further, the IRA includes incentives to support certain energy transition technologies to further encourage a broader set of current and potential traditional energy and industrial customers to accelerate their pursuit of opportunities around these technologies. In our earnings release this morning, we provided our 2023 guidance, which we believe demonstrates the strength and sustainability of our portfolio approach to this and long-term strategy, favorable end market trends, our ability to safely execute our strong and strengthening competitive position in the marketplace. Further, our ongoing investment in and commitment to workforce training continues to positively impact our performance and allow us to capitalize on future opportunities. Our expectations caught for another year of meaningful growth in record revenues, improved margins and opportunity for double-digit growth in adjusted EBITDA, cash flow and earnings per share. Additionally, we see opportunity to achieve record levels of backlog in 2023. Jayshree will provide additional detail about our guidance in her commentary.  Quanta's management team recently had the privilege of ringing the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange to commemorate our 25-year anniversary of trading on the prestigious exchange. Standing on that balcony and reflecting on what we have built over the last 25 years and where we are heading in the future was [ogling] and I couldn't be prouder. Quanta's infrastructure solutions are at the tip of the spear of the energy transition in North America. At our Investor Day last year, we laid out a five-year financial goals we expect to achieve through 2026, which provided an organic growth strategy to generate a 10% adjusted earnings per share CAGR and when considering the levers available to us to allocate future cash flow generation into value-creating opportunities, a platform with opportunity to deliver more than a 15% CAGR in adjusted earnings per share.  With the strong results we delivered last year, our outlook for 2023 and the momentum we see building for the coming years, we are increasingly confident in our ability to meet or exceed those goals we laid out. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for our stakeholders.  I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, our CFO, for her review of our fourth quarter and full year results and 2023 expectations. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai : Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record fourth quarter revenues of $4.4 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $163 million or $1.10 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share was a record for the fourth quarter at $1.68. Overall, the fourth quarter closed out another year of exceptional operational performance by Quanta. Our electric segment benefited from outstanding execution and higher revenues across the segment. Additionally, our underground segment performed well in the fourth quarter, led by increased volumes and operating income from our base business operations. Our renewables segment, however, was negatively impacted by unanticipated project delays, which were primarily attributable to the changes in the solar market regulations that we discussed in the third quarter. These delays created cost absorption challenges, which pressured operating margins. Additionally, the segment's operating margin was negatively impacted by approximately 120 basis points due to impairment charges on the software implementation project at an acquired company, which commenced prior to our acquisition, but was discontinued in the fourth quarter. Ultimately, in the aggregate, against the backdrop of supply chain challenges, inflationary pressures and a complex regulatory environment, our portfolio delivered against our targets for the fourth quarter and the year, and we remain well positioned for the anticipated growth ahead. Below the line, we recorded an unrealized loss of $15 million associated with our common equity interest in fixed wireless broadband technology provider, Starry Group Holdings, which reduced the carrying value of our investment to zero. Offsetting this unrealized loss was an unrealized gain of $26 million on the sale of an investment in a non-integral unconsolidated affiliate, of which $10 million was attributable to a non-controlling ownership interest. Further commentary comparing fourth quarter '22 to fourth quarter '21 for each segment can be found in the slides accompanying this call. Our total backlog was $24.1 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, a significant increase from third quarter '22 and another record level. The increases across each of our segments are attributable to multiple new project awards including the previously announced Colorado Power Pathway Project and extensions and increases in expected volumes under MSAs. Our 12-month backlog was also at a record level of $13.8 billion, which we believe is another indicator of the strength of our core markets and the steady growing demand for our solutions-based approach. For the fourth quarter of 2022, we generated free cash flow of $513 million, resulting in $767 million of free cash flow for the year. Contributing to our free cash flow was the collection of $101 million of insurance proceeds following a favorable arbitration ruling associated with our Peruvian subsidiary’s terminated telecommunications project. Excluding those proceeds, our fourth quarter cash flow was still in line with our expectations and included planned outflows of approximately $45 million for change of control related payments associated with the Blattner acquisition, and $54 million of previously deferred payroll taxes in accordance with the CARES Act in 2020. DSO measured 75 days for the fourth quarter of 2022, which was a reduction of 6 days compared to the third quarter of 2022, primarily due to favorable billing arrangements related to certain projects. Regarding the Canadian renewable transmission project that we've discussed in prior quarters, we continue to work with the customer to address the contract asset balance. Resolution of certain of these amounts could extend into 2024 and currently represent 5 to 6 days of DSO at December 31, 2022. While we remain confident in our position, our DSO will be pressured by the project in the near term. We had total liquidity of $2.4 billion at year-end and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.1 as calculated under our credit agreement. As we mentioned in today's release, we continue to identify and make strategic investments in acquisitions. In January of 2023, we acquired three businesses for total combined consideration of approximately $588 million, approximately $465 million of which was paid in cash at the time of the acquisitions. Additionally, we repurchased approximately $128 million of our common stock during the year.  Turning to our full year 2023 guidance. The growth across our end markets remains robust, and we believe the tailwinds driving our growth are long in duration and create multiyear visibility in our earnings potential. As the build-out of the infrastructure necessary for the energy transition accelerates, we believe the complementary capabilities of our operations will become even more valuable to our customers. While segment designations help investors better understand the work we're performing, we'll continue to emphasize the power of our aggregate portfolio of solutions and the earnings they generate. That said, the following remarks will speak to our expectations at a segment level for 2023. As it relates to the Electric Power segment, we expect 2023 revenues ranging between $10 billion and $10.1 billion. Our base business continues to lead the growth in the segment, driven primarily by North American utilities outsourcing the activities required to replace, rebuild and modernize existing infrastructure. Notably, our 2023 expectations included $250 million of emergency restoration services revenues compared to a little over $300 million in 2022. Also included within the segment are our communications operations, which we expect will generate around $900 million of revenue, in line with 2022 levels. We expect 2023 operating margins for the Electric Power segment to range between 10.7% and 11.3%, which includes contributions of between $43 million and $48 million of earnings from our integral unconsolidated affiliates, the largest portion of which relates to the LUMA joint venture in Puerto Rico. From a seasonality perspective, we expect revenues to be lowest in the first quarter with mid-single-digit growth from first quarter '22, then growing sequentially through the third quarter, followed by a seasonal decline in the fourth. We expect fourth quarter operating margins will be the lowest for the year, likely around 9%, then increasing into the second and third quarters and slightly declining in the fourth quarter. The Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment full year revenues are expected to range between $4.3 billion and $4.5 billion, over 15% growth compared to 2022 as we believe the headwinds faced by the solar market in '22 should meaningfully improve in the second half of 2023. We think it's important to note that within our range of guidance for renewables, approximately $3 billion of our planned revenues are already in various stages of construction, giving us confidence in our ability to deliver full year revenues at these levels. We expect 2023 operating margins for the Renewable Energy segment to be around 8.5% for the year, slightly lower than the 9% level that we would normally expect. We've invested meaningfully in the project leadership, specialized equipment and administrative needs required to support the expected ramp in project activity in the second half of '23 and into '24. However, the cost of that investment weighs on margins, particularly in the first quarter. We expect margins for the first quarter to be the lowest for the year, likely between 4% and 5%, but should strengthen in each sequential quarter as volumes increase throughout the year. From a revenue seasonality perspective, we expect segment revenues to be between $850 million and $900 million in the first quarter, the lowest for the year, then growing sequentially into the third quarter and slightly declining in the fourth. As a reminder, it's possible that as we progress through the year and gain more visibility into the nature of the work we'll be performing, there could be movements outside these initial ranges for the electric and renewable segments, depending on the type of generation or activity support. With regard to the Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment, we are currently anticipating full year revenue range to range between $4.1 billion and $4.3 billion, a slight decline compared to 2022. This decline is due to lower volumes of larger pipeline projects, which contributed almost $900 million of revenue in 2022, but are expected to be around $450 million in 2023. Despite the revenue reduction, operating margins for the year are expected to range between 7.25% and 7.75% led by our base business activities in the segment. From a seasonality perspective, we expect segment revenues in the first quarter to be in line with first quarter '22 revenues, with operating margins around 5%. We then expect revenues and margins to improve in the second and third quarters with a seasonal decline in the fourth quarter. As it stands today, we expect fourth quarter '23 revenues to be the lowest for the year. These segment operating ranges support our expectation for 2023 annual consolidated revenues of $18.4 billion to $18.9 billion and adjusted EBITDA of between $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion. This represents another record level of adjusted EBITDA with expected full year adjusted EBITDA margins at the midpoint of over 10%. With these operating results, we estimate our range of GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock for 2023 to be between $4.67 and $5.17 and non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be $6.75 and $7.25. Of note, we estimate our tax rate for the year will range between 26.25% and 26.75%. The first quarter rate, however, will be negligible, potentially zero due to favorable discrete tax dynamics associated with the increase between grant date value and the vesting date value of stock-related awards under our equity compensation plan. We currently expect 2023 free cash flow to range between $750 million and $1 billion with capital expenditures of around $400 million, which should give us the ability to be within our target leverage range of 1.5x to 2x by the end of 2023. We remain committed, however, to be -- we remain committed, however, to creating shareholder value with strategic acquisitions and opportunistic repurchase activity throughout the year while retaining our investment grade rating. Going into 2023, we have approximately $345 million of availability remaining on our current stock repurchase program. As a reminder, we've provided more guidance details in the outlook summary that was posted in connection with the earnings release and can be found on our IR website at quantaservices.com. The strength and versatility of our portfolio give us confidence in our ability to continue driving results against an uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. The infrastructure investment required to support North America's energy transition is still in its early stages and creates opportunity for Quanta to continue providing industry-leading comprehensive end-to-end solutions. Our relationships and the breadth of our solutions have proven to be critical in our ability to navigate the economic landscape of the last three years, and we are confident those attributes position us to continue along our expected double-digit growth trajectory.  This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with B. Riley.
Alex Rygiel : Excellent quarter. A few quick questions. Duke, backlog growth is fantastic here. Obviously, some of that is from some of your acquisitions. But I guess what I'm trying to get at is how do you think about backlog growth over the next couple of years? And maybe if you could comment on what you think your bid pipeline sort of looks like as it relates to backlog? Do you see an acceleration in your bid pipeline? It sounds like you might be seeing that, but any thoughts there would be helpful.
Duke Austin : Thanks, Alex. The backlog is really not material when you look at the acquisitions, so take that out. I think we had broad-based backlog growth within the company. And as we look forward, I think you'll continue to see that throughout '23. The dynamic of the stacking of larger projects along with what we see at our MSA levels continue to be robust. And I think it will be broad-based on our Renewables as well as our Electric Power and even in U&I segment. So we see robust markets there.  As we look at the bid pipeline, I think both the renewable side, you see more of elongation out where it was just 12 months, you're seeing 24-month, 36-month type things within our backlog. So that's creating that growth as well there. But the pipeline itself, larger projects are certainly in there. But our MSA business, base business is robust as well. So just a broad-based kind of look at the business at this point.
Jayshree Desai : Hey, Alex. Just to add and to clarify that the acquisitions were done in January, so they are not in our backlog.
Alex Rygiel : Fair enough. And then secondly, you referenced ongoing supply chain challenges. There's a couple kind of thought on that topic. And one is supply chain challenges to hold back your ability to obviously acquire equipment to execute on projects. But also kind of when you layer into that Quanta's historical achievements in managing difficult labor supply chain challenges and educating and training internally. Can you talk about how those supply chain challenges have allowed Quanta to gain market share kind of in this current environment right now and moving forward? .
Duke Austin : We anticipated the labor. So I think craft skilled labor is still at the core of the business. We've invested in a long ago and not -- we continue to invest in it today. That is something that we are in front of. The supply chain challenges with the fleet. We've done a nice job, have great partnerships in our fleet over the years, certainly leverage. I think we have the fourth largest fleet in North America. So it's something that we challenge ourselves to be in front of that as well with our suppliers and the same collaborative manner that we use with our customers, we use with our suppliers. So I certainly gave us an advantage, but also gives us a look in the future. And I just think we'll stay on top of the two things that we manage and control is labor and fleet and so we made it pretty tough.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta : Congrats on a great quarter here. I wonder if you spend some time on the renewable segment. And if you could comment first, how the Inflation Reduction Act is impacting customer conversations? And when we -- when you think it will start to show up in terms of either backlog or in revenue? And then Jayshree, you made some comments about operating income at the segment moving in the right direction as you think '23. Can you help us give us the building blocks to think about that?
Duke Austin : Yes. With the Renewables segment, when we look out the IRA, certainly it's additive to anything we've talked about to get your hands around it and what it actually means. I don't think we see anything at this point that has the consequences thereof. It does give us certainty over the next 10 years within that. But as our backlog as we're having the conversations today, it's certainly about U.S. content, how we look at labor, all those kind of things within the IRA bill. That's something the company has done a nice job of getting in front of and we're proud of that. I'll let Jayshree comment on the rest of it.
Jayshree Desai : Yes, Neil, the Renewables segment margin and revenues, basically, as we said, till a little down in the first quarter, but it will be picking up as we move throughout the year. And that's really driven by the fact that as the industry gets more and more comfortable with where the IRA is headed as projects move forward with PPAs and financing, we should see a big pickup in the back half of the year. We have been prudent with our guidance given some of the still supply chain issues and the tariff situations that are out there. However, we're seeing a lot more interest, a lot more movement, and it should start developing in the back half of the year and especially into 2024.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird.
Justin Hauke : I've got, I guess, a question just on the guidance and the acquisitions that you did post quarter. Just the $580 million that for three deals is actually a fairly large amount for you guys when you usually do kind of more smaller bolt-on ones per quarter. So maybe you could just give a little bit of guidance around the revenue and EBITDA contribution in 2023 from that incremental M&A?
Jayshree Desai : Yes, the revenue contribution is around $600 million for those three deals. And I would just say that from an EPS contribution, they contribute around $0.15 to $0.20.
Duke Austin : As far as its three deals, and they're all within the strategic platform that we've set out and a regional T&D. One addresses the front end side of the solar markets and wind, so batteries, et cetera, and the other one is the supply chain kind of contribution there. So three things that we felt like we're right down the middle for us. We've always said the timing and how we deploy capital. It's -- sometimes it's lumpy, sometimes it spreads out. So I wouldn't read anything into it.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook : Good morning and congrats on a nice quarter. I guess just back to the renewable margins. I think you guys talked about investing in the business, which is weighing on margins, in particular, in the first quarter. Can you help us understand like the investments that you're making and how to think about how much that's impacting the margin guidance for the year? So I guess that's my first question.  And my second question is, I'm sort of struck with the guidance that we're implying for 2023, $7 your company that typically guides fairly conservatively. So trying to think about if there's upside to the numbers in 2023 or downside to the numbers, could you just calibrate where the upside or downside could be given the good guide already?
Duke Austin : Yes. Thanks, Jamie. When we think about the renewable segment is primarily around utilization and how quickly you're going to get absorption early on. And as we move on to the projects that are stated, certainly, you get absorption in the back half. You're a little light, and you saw it in the fourth quarter, you'll see it in the first quarter. We know the projects that we're on, we talked about $3 billion that we have started. The back half, when we look at the back half, certainly, there's opportunities there. We were prudent about how we looked at it. We felt like with the way that the supply chain work this year, especially on the panels and things of that nature and how the IRA comes in and how quickly it comes in. We take the same approach to guidance every year, which is prudent, and I believe we did the same this year. It's exactly the same way.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle Dilts : I know there's been a fair amount of discussion around supply chain. But I have heard that the transformer issue remains fairly challenging with extremely long lead times. So -- and we've talked about that before. So I was actually just curious to what extent you think that's getting better? Are things getting a little bit more predictable as it relates to some of these components that have been in short supply, specifically as it relates to electric T&D?
Duke Austin : Thanks, Noelle. The -- when we look at the supply chain, most of your larger Us, your larger customers have solved much of this, not to say that the transformers and certain items are long lead times they are. And it is issues, there is issues around it. But once we understand it, once we understand cadence, we can be much more predictable about how we deploy crews and assets. So that's helped us. I do think there's opportunity there for us and how we participate in solving these solutions with the client. That said, I don't -- transformer is going to be a while. I think the back half of the year, maybe even into the fourth quarter before that levelizes out and we get enough capacity in the market. But with the amount of EV penetration, the things that we see, you're going to see some shortages in transformers, and we just have to be more robust about how we deploy assets. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher : Just on the electric transmission and distribution kind of customer spending outlook. There's been some mixed data points on utility CapEx over the last few months, but I guess still overall, positive. I'm curious what discussions you're having with the utility customers, specifically around the planning for the IIJA funds, how are they baking those into their spending patterns? And how will that ultimately flow into your bookings and backlog? 
Duke Austin : Thanks. Here's what we see. We see North America is load growing as we look at it across our segments. So the growth of generation in North America, you have that going on, you have renewables and the way that we're looking at penetration through transmission, you have EV penetration ongoing. So all those things are coming in to these CapEx. I hear that and I hear well, you've seen something different. All I've seen is our customers moved our CapEx budgets up primarily in distribution on the outer end because of penetration of EV and then all your transmission that needs to be interconnected. The way that you think about it, you think about all the things that are necessary to make this work, yes, you can delay a bit. You can do some things. But we're already behind on just in general, if you stay flat on carbon today, you can't -- we're struggling to serve the load at the customer level on the coastlines. And that's our duty to this industry's duty to the consumer is to have load and if you have wells that are offshore, if you have things that don't allow us to build generation that's necessary to get to a carbon-free environment, we have to have more transmission. So either way you look at this on any level, the capital necessary to transform and to make sure that these countries have as a resilient grid, will require a significant amount of capital.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson, Davis.
Adam Thalhimer : Great quarter. Great outlook. A quick question on electrical margins. So the guidance range for margins this year, 10.7% to 11.3%. It's the same guidance we started last year with and we ended up at the low end, 10.7%. So my question would be, what factors drive you to the low end last year and what could drive you to the high end of this year?
Duke Austin : We talked about the segment. And when you look at it, I mean, I think in general, this year, the supply chain on the way -- well, you had inflation, you had real costs rising, a bunch of different things going on, and we talked about that early on in the first half that we thought we could operate through it in the second half, and we did.  So we've got that in our system now. We understand cadence around supply chains and things of that nature. So it gives us a great more deal of comfort that we can operate in the higher end of the range, not in the lower. So that's just us understanding what markets we're in. We're still -- our guide is at 12% EBITDA, something like that. A lot of people talk about EBITDA, so it's 12% in EBITDA.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Bernstein.
Chad Dillard : So Duke, I want to go back to your comments about your focus on front end. And my question is, by how much does that greater focus on front end work expand your TAM? And then like would you classify this as a pull from your customers versus a push from Quanta? And then how are you thinking about building this out? To what extent do you plan to focus on inorganic acquisitions versus just organic building?
Duke Austin : When we look at the market, if you take it all, it's 30% or so of total addressable market within our client base. And I -- we continue to build that out because what was happening, and it made us less efficient and also the client less efficient. And I believe from a construction standpoint, how we approach it, how we approach the front end, we can give a lot more certainty to any project. So it was necessary, in my mind, for us to get in that business. And yes, the customer is happy with it. The projects that we have done, the programs that we are ongoing are certainly something that we'll continue to build off as we move into the future. And that market is there. It makes us more efficient on the backside of a lot of reasons for us to like that piece of business. And we'll continue to invest.
Chad Dillard : Got it. Okay. And then my second question is just on the supply chain. Can you talk about what's embedded in your '23 guide in terms of improvement maybe like versus where we are today? And then just going to the Renewables segment, how much of the revenues in '23 what were delayed in '22?
Duke Austin : As far as the supply chain what we see today, what we've seen over the past quarters is how we looked at it going forward. If it gets better, certainly, we'll come back and we'll talk about it, but we see intermittence in the supply chain on utility side for the year, basically, I do think the renewable segment, supply chain is better in the second half, and we've certainly looked at that as well. But how much better? I'm not sure. And if it does, if it creates, there is some conservatism in the renewables segment due to that. We've baked all that in, and I feel like hit it down the middle with prudent guidance. As far as the revenue, I'll let Jayshree talk about.
Jayshree Desai : Yes. I would say it's a mix. It's hard to -- I don't want to sit here and say how much is due to delays versus there has been additional backlog on the renewable segment, that's starting to come in, and you've got some projects that have moved into the -- from '22 to '23, it's both.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Duke, you announced several large T&D projects over the last couple of months. Can you talk about what you have in the pipeline relative to those types of projects and what your selectivity might be going forward? And maybe how that plays out over the next several years because these are much longer gestation projects than we have in your base business?
Duke Austin : Yes. Thanks, Michael. We talked about the stacking effect of the projects, the larger projects they stack on the base. I think when we went through CREZ seven, eight years ago, the company got off the base. I would tell you today, we're highly focused on our base business roughly 85%, 90% of that resilient business that we have. We'll continue to focus on that. We're being every project the same. We did the risk. We're not going to win them all. We're just not. And I've watched one recently look at -- we know our cost, we know what we're doing. We're not going to take risk. It's not something we're going to gamble on. If we're just not, and it's not Vegas, we're going to get ourselves in a good position to make sure that we execute on these projects. And we don't need to necessarily take the larger projects. We can build our base. But we do see an incremental amount of larger projects coming in, in '23, '24 and beyond.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman : Duke, expectation for reduction in large pipeline work in '23 versus '22, is that just a function of sort of project sequencing for your business? Because your backlog is up pretty nicely in undergrads that just sort of reflective of the environment we're in. And I also just be curious there's opportunities to still fill that void you're sort of talking about for the underground business late in the year.
Duke Austin : Yes, the backlog was primarily driven by MSA growth there. And when we look at the larger diameter pie, we talked about guiding to kind of 450, 500 type range year-over-year. Certainly, there's opportunities for us to do $1 billion and that opportunity is out there. We guided to where we're at. Just for us, we can make the numbers in a portfolio approach where we're at. I felt comfortable with them. We felt comfortable if things move, let's just say, solar moved or, let's say, large pipe went the other way. The portfolio we have makes us what I think very predictable. And that -- those larger dynamics of pipe and some of our renewable projects, we took a prudent approach to guidance. We'll update you if we get more work, we'll certainly update.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'm not seeing any questions coming in. I'd like to pass it back over to the Quanta management team for any closing comments.
Duke Austin : Yes, I want to thank men and women in the field, they are putting up the numbers every day and more in safe. It allows for a great call and for us to talk about how great the company is doing. And certainly, after 25 years in Quanta, I think we're just getting started. So I'd like to thank everyone for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2022 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2022 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we will use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 3, 2022, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release and the presentation, along with the company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary, and we'll then turn it over to Jayshree Desai, Quanta's CFO, to provide a review of our third quarter results and full year 2022 financial expectations. Following Jayshree's comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported our third quarter results, which continue to reflect strong demand for our services and solid execution. We believe the results highlight the benefits of our diverse, repeatable and sustainable earnings streams and our ability to successfully leverage our portfolio approach in managing our service lines. Our third quarter results include a number of record financial metrics, including revenues, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share. Additionally, total backlog of $20.9 billion was a record and is considerably higher than the same period last year. Notably, we also see the opportunity to significantly increase backlog as we move into 2023. Our Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions segment continued to perform well with record revenues and solid margins. We achieved these results despite some delays caused by ongoing supply chain challenges that led to resource imbalances and utilization inefficiencies. As we commented on our second quarter earnings call, these supply chain challenges are not causing meaningful delays in our overall utility capital spending that we are seeing, and we believe these dynamics are shorter term conditions that should be resolved over the coming quarters. Demand for our services continues to be driven by broad-based business strength from utility grid modernization and system hardening initiatives, as well as our reputation for solid and safe execution. Overall, our electric power outlook remains strong, driven primarily by increasing service line opportunities and market share gains for our base business. Quanta deployed emergency response resources to utility customers for 2 hurricanes late in the third quarter. Hurricane Fiona made landfall in Puerto Rico and damaged 50% of the island's distribution feeders, 30% of its transmission lines and submerged 7 substations. Quanta sent more than 200 skilled line workers to the island to support LUMA's restoration efforts and has strategically prepositioned a fleet of trucks and equipment on the island prior to the storm, which allowed us to quickly respond when the hurricane hit. While the fragile state of the island's existing power grid and the heavy rain and flooding from the hurricane made restoration efforts more challenging, LUMA still managed to return power to more than 90% of its customers in less than 2 weeks. We are proud of the way LUMA responded to this event, which was much faster than previous storm responses by prior grid operators and comparable to, if not better, than restoration times following major hurricanes in the mainland United States. At the end of the third quarter, Hurricane Ian made landfall in Florida as a large and destructive category 4 hurricane, which left more than 3 million customers across the Southeast United States without power. Quanta deployed significant resources to support utility customers whose electrical power infrastructure was damaged or destroyed by the hurricane, including more than 3,500 line workers and front-end support services staff from 18 different Quanta operating companies. Although restoration efforts for Hurricane Ian were largely a fourth quarter event, we believe our industry-leading, comprehensive emergency restoration capabilities highlights our ability to rapidly mobilize substantial resources to support our customers in times of need. Importantly, the system hardening investments that Florida utilities have made over the past 10 years proved beneficial during Hurricane Ian and enhanced the ability to restore power to many customers after the first full day of restoration efforts. We believe Florida's leading role in system hardening and its demonstrated benefits will serve as a model for utilities and regulators throughout the country as they plan and implement their own hardening programs. It was a little more than a year ago that we closed the acquisition of Blattner, and I can tell you that we are more excited about the key drivers of the transaction now than we were then, including the value proposition to our customers, the multiyear growth opportunities available to us and the strong operational and cultural fit between the organizations. Since closing, we have largely completed integration. Our teams are working collaboratively. We have enhanced existing customer relationships and created new ones. We are jointly pursuing project opportunities that leverage our expertise and industry-leading position. We have accomplished a great deal with Blattner over the last year, but more importantly, we believe we are just getting started. Our Renewable Infrastructure Solutions segment performed well overall during the third quarter, led by solid performance on high voltage transmission, substation and interconnection work. The utility-scale solar industry faced increased levels of supply chain delays during the third quarter, which impacted our revenues, but our operations managed through these dynamics. We are optimistic that these conditions are shorter term in duration and will resolve themselves over the coming quarters. We continue to collaborate closely with our customers on our renewable build plans for 2023 and beyond. While still early in the process, we are beginning to see a more normalized cadence with respect to limited notices to proceed for renewable projects moving to contract in 2023 as well as forward movement on projects that were delayed in 2022 that are now slated to be built in 2023. According to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, there are approximately 1,400 gigawatts of proposed generation, mostly wind and solar, and energy storage projects that are actively seeking interconnection to the U.S. power grid. These create both opportunities and challenges for our customers, and demand for Quanta's comprehensive solutions and collaborative delivery model is increasing as a result. Further, there are several large renewable energy-related high-voltage electric transmission project opportunities that we are pursuing, which we believe we are well positioned for and could be awarded over the coming months. Furthermore, this past August, the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, was signed into law. It includes nearly $400 billion of tax incentives and financial support designed to accelerate the country's energy transition to a low-carbon economy. This legislation is considered by many to be the nation's most ambitious legislative action ever taken on climate, which we believe should have a meaningful positive effect on a number of our end markets for at least the next decade. In particular, we believe the IRA will drive investment in the development and construction of utility-scale renewable generation facilities and the transmission and substation infrastructure required to support them. Additionally, there are attractive financial incentives in the IRA to expand domestic manufacturing of key renewable energy components such as solar panels. This could reduce the country's reliance on overseas manufacturers and, in turn, reduce supply chain risk by ensuring domestic product availability to meet the growing demand for renewable generation development in the United States. These are just some of the dynamics that give us a high degree of confidence in our ability to meet or exceed long-term growth and earnings targets. Our Underground and Utility Infrastructure Solutions segment continues to perform at a high level. Revenues grew strongly, and margins demonstrate solid execution across our operations in the segment. Our industrial services operation continue to execute very well and experienced robust demand as capital spending resumed and pent-up activity from 2 years of deferred maintenance moved forward. We also continue to experience solid demand for our gas utility and pipeline integrity operations, which are executing well and are driven by regulated spend to modernize systems, reduce methane emissions, ensure environmental compliance and improve safety and reliability. For several quarters on our earnings calls, we have discussed our views about the emerging opportunities within the segment that center around the evolving and increasing efforts of our customers' strategies to reduce their carbon footprint and diversify their operations and assets toward greener business opportunities. To that end, the IRA includes incentives that are designed to support and accelerate certain technologies as part of the energy transition for the traditional energy and industrial industries. For example, there are significant production tax credits for clean hydrogen that can make the energy source cost competitive today, which is expected to accelerate interest and investment in hydrogen technology as another tool to produce clean power and reduce carbon emissions. The IRA also includes incentives to invest in carbon capture projects and technology. Prior to the passage of this legislation, we had been supporting several customers as they pursued hydrogen and/or carbon capture projects and believe the IRA will further encourage a broader set of current and potential customers to accelerate their pursuit of opportunities around these technologies. As we discussed at our Investor Day earlier this year and as I hope you take away from our comments today, demand for our services is robust across our portfolio and driven by what we believe are long-term, visible and resilient megatrends. We are successfully executing on our strategic initiatives to drive operational excellence, total cost solutions for our clients and value for our stakeholders. We have profitably grown the company and executed well this year and expect to continue to do so. Our strategic initiatives are designed to uniquely position us to not only capitalize on the megatrends of our end markets, but also to enhance our customer relationships and market positioning. Quanta's infrastructure solutions bite the tip of the spear of the energy transition in North America. Our customers are leading the effort to transition towards a lower carbon economy, which industry experts believe could require trillions of dollars of investment in renewable generation, energy storage and great investment, all areas where Quanta is an industry leader. In order to meet the needs of our customers and capitalize on the large and visible opportunities ahead of us, Quanta is investing in resources necessary to do so. We are innovative with our safety, training and recruiting efforts to ensure we have a world-class workforce and adding to and enhancing our operations leadership and management. We are also making and evaluating value-creating acquisitions that further our strategic initiatives and investing capital in equipment and facilities to support organic growth. As a result of our solid year-to-date financial results and continued overall favorable end market drivers, we remain confident in our 2022 consolidated financial expectations. We also believe that our business and opportunities for profitable growth in 2023 are gaining momentum, driven by our solutions-based approach, the growth of programmatic spending with existing and new customers, growing renewable generation activity and opportunities for larger electric transmission projects. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class build leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Jayshree Desai, our CFO, for her review of the third quarter results and 2022 expectations. Jayshree?
Jayshree Desai: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the results, I wanted to quickly thank Duke and Derrick for their support last quarter. I'm incredibly excited to expand my leadership role as we deliver against the multiyear plan we laid out at our Investor Day earlier this year. Today, we announced record third quarter revenues of $4.5 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $156 million or $1.06 per diluted share, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was a record for the third quarter of $1.77. Our electric power revenues were $2.3 billion, a quarterly record and a 14% increase when compared to the third quarter of 2021. This increase was primarily due to growth in spending by our utility customers on grid modernization and hardening, resulting in increased demand for our electric power services as well as approximately $85 million in revenues attributable to acquired businesses. These increases were partially offset by approximately $175 million in lower emergency restoration services revenues. Electric segment operating income margins in 3Q '22 were 11.2% compared to 12.6% in 3Q '21. The margin reduction is largely attributable to lower emergency restoration service revenues, which were a record level in third quarter of 2021. Also included within our electric segment are our communications operations, which grew over 25% year-over-year. Communications margins in the quarter were mid-single digits, an improvement compared to 3Q '21, and we remain on pace for upper single-digit to double-digit margins for the year. Renewable Energy Infrastructure segment revenues for 3Q '22 were $979 million, a substantial increase from 3Q '21 primarily due to $480 million in revenues attributable to acquired businesses. Operating income margins in 3Q '22 were 9.1% compared to 10.8% in 3Q '21. The margin reduction is due to normal project variability and a change in the mix of work as a result of the acquisitions, but otherwise was in line with our expectations. Revenues, however, came in lower than we were anticipating, driven by continued supply chain challenges as we alluded to on last quarter's call. Underground Utility and Infrastructure segment revenues were $1.2 billion for the quarter, 17% higher than 3Q '21, reflecting increased demand from our gas utility and industrial customers as well as an increased contribution from larger pipeline projects. Operating income margins for the segment were 8.5%, resulting from the solid performance by our base business activities, notably gas distribution and industrial services, and the impact of a favorable project closeout. Below the line, we recorded an unrealized loss of $26.5 million associated with our common equity interest in fixed wireless broadband technology provider Starry Group Holdings. As required, we remeasure the fair value of this investment based on the market price of the publicly traded company stock as of September 30, 2022. At that time, our investment had a fair value of approximately $15 million. Although there has been further deterioration in Starry's equity value, we remain committed to our partnership with Starry to provide high-speed, affordable Internet access to underserved markets. Our total backlog was a record $20.9 billion, an increase of $1 billion compared to last quarter. The increase is primarily attributable to additional awards and an increase in expected volumes under MSAs. Our 12-month backlog is also at a record level of $12.4 billion, which we believe is another indicator of the steady, growing demand for our base business solutions. We remain confident in our ability to capitalize on opportunities that can lead to new record levels of backlog in subsequent quarters. For the third quarter of 2022, we had free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, of $256 million compared to $40 million of negative free cash flow in 3Q '21. The strong free cash flow for the quarter was led by the collection of a significant portion of the receivables associated with the large Canadian electric transmission project that we've discussed in prior quarters. Regarding the other Canadian renewable transmission project that we've discussed in prior quarters, we continue to work with the customer to address the contract asset balance. Discussions with the customer are progressing, and we remain confident in our cost position. The resolution of certain of these amounts will likely extend beyond this year and will continue to impact cash flow and DSO in the near term. DSO measured 81 days for the third quarter of 2022, a decrease of 8 days compared to the third quarter of 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the aforementioned collection associated with the large Canadian electrical transmission project as well as the favorable impact of the acquisition of Blattner, which historically operates with a lower DSO than certain of our other larger operating companies. As of September 30, 2022, we had total liquidity of approximately $1.8 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.5 as calculated on our credit agreement. As of October 31, 2022, we had repurchased approximately $127 million of our common stock since the beginning of the year, and as we mentioned in today's release, we continue to identify and execute on strategic acquisitions. Also of note, during the quarter, we commenced a commercial paper program, which is backstopped by our credit facility and allows for up to $1 billion of borrowings outstanding at any time. The program provides access to short-term borrowings at a cost below our existing credit facility rates. We expect continued earnings growth and cash generation to support our ability to efficiently delever over the coming quarters while continuing to create stockholder value through incremental capital deployment. Turning to our guidance. We've executed nicely through the first 9 months of the year, and as we close out 2022, we remain confident in our ability to execute within a tightened range of our previous expectations. However, the composition of our revenue and earnings continues to shift somewhat as we react to certain factors impacting our end markets. Overall, we believe our ability to deliver against our plan reflects the benefit and strength of our portfolio of solutions. Demand for the services across our electric segment remain robust, and we now expect revenues to range between $8.8 billion and $8.9 billion, a $300 million increase from our previous range. With respect to segment margins, it's important to note that the second half of both 2020 and 2021 had significant emergency restoration revenues, which contributed favorably to margins in those periods. As it stands today, we expect 2022 emergency restoration revenues to be around $300 million for the year, over 30% lower than prior year levels. Despite this reduction, margins are expected to be at double-digit levels, ranging between 10.6% and 10.8%, consistent with our previous guidance. Regarding our renewables segment, on last quarter's call, we raised our expectations for the segment with a view that the anti-circumvention moratorium would revitalize solar construction activities in the second half of the year. Unfortunately, panel delays due to other tariff dynamics persisted and remain problematic today. Additionally, owners are reviewing and repositioning their project pipelines in light of the positive changes in the Inflation Reduction Act, or the IRA. The combination of these dynamics resulted in several projects pushing out of 2022 and into 2023. In light of those near-term delays, we now expect full year revenues for the segment to be around $3.8 billion, a $300 million reduction from the previous midpoint. The revenue reduction has also pressured margins as we continue to invest in the resources required to execute on the growth opportunity in 2023 and beyond. For the year, we now expect segment margins to range between 8.5% and 8.75%. Despite the delays in 2022, we remain confident in our 5-year outlook for Blattner and believe that the passage of the IRA both accelerates and extends the growth opportunity associated with renewable energy infrastructure. Our underground segment has performed well over the first 3 quarters, and we now expect full year revenues for the segment to range between $4.2 billion and $4.3 billion. The strong year-to-date performance was led by our industrial services, which delivered significantly improved results following 2 challenging years across their end markets. However, we expect a pullback in industrial activity in the fourth quarter driven by reduced scopes of work as refiners defer maintenance efforts to capitalize on current market conditions. With this expected reduction, we now see segment margins ranging between 7% and 7.25% for the year. In the aggregate, our consolidated expectations for full year diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock are now expected to range between $3.19 and $3.43 and full year adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock, a non-GAAP financial measure, to range between $6.15 and $6.39. Additionally, we now expect adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, to range between $1.65 billion and $1.70 billion for the year. We expect free cash flow for the year to range between $600 million to $700 million, narrowing around our previous midpoint. This free cash flow range represents 35% to 40% of our expected adjusted EBITDA, consistent with our previous guidance of cash generation during periods of double-digit revenue growth rates. For quarterly commentary and additional details on our financial expectations, please refer to our outlook summary, which can be found in the Financial Info section of our IR website at quantaservices.com. From a long-term perspective, our end markets continue to strengthen, with utilities investing heavily in grid hardening and modernization and North America investing in the infrastructure required to deliver a carbon-neutral future. We believe we are uniquely positioned to deliver comprehensive solutions to the markets we serve and continue to have the opportunity to deliver significant stockholder value through organic growth and strategic capital deployment. I'll now turn back to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today is coming from Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup.
Andy Kaplowitz: Maybe just starting with the bigger picture question. Could you elaborate on your comments regarding significant backlog growth as the company enters '23 that should support your expectations for profitable growth next year? How would you characterize your visibility at this point in the year for next year's potential bookings and EPS? I think you've guided longer term to 7% to 10% organic growth, double-digit EPS. Any reason to think that you couldn't do that despite the recession fears that are out there?
Duke Austin: Thanks. When we look at it, when we look at the business long term, we stand by our adjusted 10% EPS growth using all levers of the balance sheet. We still remain confident on that. What I would say is based on what we see today, we believe those metrics move in, we see more business quicker. We continue to see all aspects, all macro markets, kind of the megatrends that we talked about in our Investor Day coming to fruition here. And when we look at backlog, when we look at what's in front of us, we see significant growth. I don't know how else to say it. It's significant. And I think it will continue, and our backlog will continue to set records. So that's what we see. We see it long term. We're looking into '24, '25. The company has great visibility against these macro markets and trends.
Andy Kaplowitz: That's great to hear, Duke. And then Duke or Jayshree, can you give more color regarding what you're seeing across your renewables markets? Obviously, Jayshree, you just mentioned you're lowering revenue a little bit for the year, but your backlog is up. Have you started to see your customers get their act together in solar? Because I think they do have relatively robust plans. And then maybe you could give us more detail regarding what you're seeing in wind.
Duke Austin: Yes. I'll give you a little bit on renewables, and Jayshree will follow up. But I think what we see is clarity against the long-term PTC with the IRA. That said, as you see it today, you're still trying to get clarity against what it means. So while you see it long term, there's still interactions ongoing with your panels basically. And so as those panels -- or you're getting manufacturing capacity, you get clarity long term, your developers get clarity long term and you get longer-term PPAs. So it causes some issues. I would say, as we sit today, we would -- I would give you an example. We have 6 projects that we're waiting on panels. Everything else is done. And so it just causes some intermittency in the supply chain and in the work from a production standpoint. That said, we think that plays out fairly quickly here as we move into '23, but I'll let Jayshree comment on the rest.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. I think -- Andy, thanks for the question. I would echo what Duke is saying. We do believe that these short-term issues around supply chain, as Duke talked about on the solar panels, has delayed some projects. But the longer-term view from developers is very optimistic and exciting given the passage of the IRA. It gives what the industry has wanted for decades, which is long-term visibility in the ability to invest and grow in both the solar and wind space. So we are -- we do believe that as we -- as you pointed out, our backlog is starting to pick up on renewables. We do believe that we'll start accelerating here over the next several months, and we are very confident in our long-term outlook for the segment. I will say -- you asked about wind. I do think the IRA has been very positive for the long-term aspects for wind. I do think in the near term, solar, the IRA does provide even greater incentives to make solar that much more competitive. So it will take a little bit for wind to ramp up. I see it definitely ramping up in the latter half of the decade given all the benefits that -- passing the IRA, but it will take a little bit of that time for the developers to restock their wind pipeline and be competitive against the near-term solar projects.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson, Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: I just wanted to ask, Duke, about the carbon capture opportunity. What are some of the individual projects that you're seeing? And when could that revenue actually hit?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we're in discussions constantly on carbon capture or hydrogen. It's very difficult on those type projects when you're crossing linear construction, you get permitting. And while we're talking about it, honestly, I really don't think about them. If they come, I believe those are those kind of plus 10% type things we talked about as megatrends. We'll view them as that. But the customer base that's building that is a very good customer base. So we have very good contacts with -- and we're certainly right in the middle of every one of those projects at the very front end. So we took a very long approach to hydrogen, long approach to carbon capture. We built carbon capture lines before. It's not -- it's the same in my mind as it is anything else. When you building pipe, you're building pipe, So whether it's water or carbon, whatever it may be, gas, we can build it. And I think our ability to do so efficiently and work collaboratively with the developers and our carriers make sense, and we'll continue to do that.
Operator: The next question is coming from Justin Hauke of Robert W. Baird.
Justin Hauke: I guess I wanted to ask just on the underground segment because it's been so strong in the last couple of quarters, at least kind of relative to your expectations. I know you talked about an earnout there. And I guess I was just hoping to clarify that and maybe just -- maybe level set. So as we think about '23 and the margin expectations or potential for that segment, just how material was that in the quarter?
Duke Austin: Yes. I'm not sure about the earnout. We -- I'm not -- we had an acquisition. That's all that I'm aware of. There may be a small earnout somewhere, I don't know. I'm not familiar. I don't think, Jayshree...
Jayshree Desai: No, I'm not sure what you're referring to on the earnout. But -- go ahead.
Duke Austin: So I think one thing that was a comment, we did have a small release there or a release there in the quarter on some contingency. So that could have been what you saw. That was done, and we had contemplated that as we move forward. We take a pretty conservative approach to all of our projects. And when things come through, they come through. So that's certainly the way we risk base our project work and -- project work going forward. The main thing I would say is underneath, we're getting operating leverage by a portfolio approach across the company, as we said we would. We said that we can -- believe we can deliver at upper single digits in the segment. We're continuing to do that through operating leverage. So I'm really proud of that as a company, and this portfolio that we're putting up now is allowing us to pull through, to work through any kind of issues across the board for the most part on our macro markets, whether it be supply chain, tariffs. Whatever it may be, we can work through that through the portfolio as we've discussed before.
Justin Hauke: Okay. Yes, that was what I was referring to. I guess my second question, so obviously, it was good to see the free cash flow come in, and I know you guys talked about that. The AR that's tied up on the remaining Canadian renewable project that you guys are seeing is probably a '23 resolution. How material is that? Or how big is the collections associated with that? And is that project done? Or is that going to continue to progressively build until that's resolved next year?
Duke Austin: Yes. I'll give you some color, and I'll let Jayshree clarify the amount. We talked about last quarter, Canadian project, one of them we've completed and worked through the claims. The second one is ongoing. So we're working through that. We'll finish in the second half of '23. I believe we'll make progress against our AR across as we start to complete milestones, as we start to get through documentation. It's a typical Canadian project, big project, takes a lot of documentation. And so we're definitely doing that now, and we expect to -- when I think about it from a sequence standpoint, we'll have multiple collections throughout and then work through the final there at the second half of next year. But we're making great progress with a collaborative approach. There's no issues, and I believe we take a conservative approach to all of our claims. And I'll let Jayshree comment on the amounts.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. I think we talked about this in the last quarter's call that the impact of the Canadian project is affecting our DSOs around 5 to 6 days. That's still what we're seeing today. And as Duke talked about, we baked that into our forecast for the year, and we believe that going forward, we'll be working through that for the rest of the year, and we'll be able to make some progress around that as the project commences.
Duke Austin: And I would say, I was thinking through that earlier, just -- we're just not a litigious company. We get our stuff upfront, we build, we execute and we move forward. And then any kind of -- when we say claims or things like that, it's typically a collaborative process, and it's just not litigious.
Operator: The next question is coming from Alex Rygiel of B. Riley.
Alex Rygiel: A very nice quarter. A couple of quick questions here. To some degree, your business is driven directly by overall economic activity such as new home construction and whatnot. Can you address this and your thoughts on how an economic slowdown moving forward could impact your business?
Duke Austin: I would say, in general, the economic slowdown always impacts your new builds, your kind of new construction. Small piece of the business at this point, when you look at what's happening to modernize the grids and infrastructure, it doesn't rely so much on your economics. Again, it does from an interest standpoint at times, you could see some areas of constraint. But the way that carbon capture, batteries, EV, the way that, that's coming to market, it's different than it's ever been in the utility industry as well as all the renewable industries. If we're moving at a pace that we're moving towards a carbon-free footprint, your manufacturers of vehicles, chip manufacturing, the load growth that you're seeing will not allow a stop at this point unless there's significant change in the way we view carbon. And I don't see that happening. We have long-term outlooks. I mean we're looking at '24 or '25. While it might slow down a little bit, the offsets are much, much greater than any kind of economic offset at this point.
Alex Rygiel: Very helpful. And then as it relates to inflation, obviously, you've been fighting some inflation over the last 12 months. I feel like we might be on the back side of that curve. So how do you think about inflation in 2023 versus 2022? Clearly, it looks like fuel could help you out a lot -- a little bit, maybe some incremental headwind from labor, but I'd appreciate your comments.
Duke Austin: Yes. I do think it helps. But what really -- the impacts are supply chain driven, such as transformers, for example, very difficult year for transformers, and that manufacturing capacity needs to move up. So we're seeing some of that come in. It's those kind of things that -- where work can get sequenced and normal cadence, it gives us more problems than any kind of inflationary impact. So I do believe we're starting to see those things get past us. I do think in '23, we'll work through the transformer supply issues. Your large AC/DC transformers are also an issue long term as you see the queues move up. I think the bigger clients, our bigger customers have it under control. The smaller ones are working through it. So just -- those kind of things, where your production and your -- we're growing over 1,000 employees a quarter at this point. That growth against not a normal cadence in supply chain does give you a little bit of issues at times. And the company has done a phenomenal job. Our guys and men and women in the field has done phenomenal working through any of those issues and stayed in a collaborative manner with the client.
Operator: The next question is coming from Noelle Dilts of Stifel.
Noelle Dilts: Kind of piggybacking off of that, Alex' second question. I'm curious if you've been able to make an estimate or sort of quantify how much you think the supply chain disruption has impacted margins this year. Basically trying to get a sense of how to think about how some of that might reverse as we get into '23 and the opportunity for margin expansion.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Noelle. I would just say, in general, it's caused us issues. I can't really quantify it. I mean I think our margins are good. Can we do better? Yes. Is there some small issues? Yes. But I do think those things, it's mainly the growth against your employee base against the intermittency of supply chain coming in. It's those 2 things where they're not perfectly aligned where normally you would build against what you know from a supply chain standpoint, that -- the unknown and the pushout of 30 days, 60 days type things give you issues. So I think it's hard to quantify that in my mind, Noelle. I don't think anyone can. I would just say as an industry, we've been able to overcome it for the most part, and there is some upside if we get this thing resolved.
Noelle Dilts: Okay. And then quickly, I think last call, we discussed how much you're -- what you're looking at in terms of wage rate increases. I think it was kind of mid-single digits for 2023. Is that still looking like the right level?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we bake in 3.5% to 5%. So you're probably on the upper end when you go through it now. And we typically are in multiyear agreements across the board. So I'm not too concerned with that.
Operator: The next question is coming from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc.
Sean Eastman: Nice quarter. I wanted to come back to the renewable revenue discussion and just this project timing element. Are you guys essentially messaging that renewables -- the renewables revenue trajectory should be pretty outsized perhaps relative to that targeted range as we go into next year based on these timing elements? And I'm just curious about the line of sight there relative to what you're seeing in the supply chain.
Duke Austin: Not willing to give '23 guidance at this point. But what I would tell you is that what we see is a long-term robust market. We talked about Blattner having $3.5 billion in 2026. I believe that's pulled in. The exact timing on it, I'm not confident at this point. I got 4, 5 months here to get my head around '23. So I'm going to take every bit of it. That said, I would say the inbound calls, what we see, our pipelines, our growth trajectory across that segment, not just Blattner, is robust, probably the best I've seen in my time frame, in my career on a macro market. It's there. We're in early stages of an energy transition. We're sitting at the tip of the spear. And when you're there and you see it, you see it every day, the growth -- we're in '24 or 25. And we're not used to being out that far with our clients, trying to make sure that we can meet the demand of the industry. And I do believe we're doing a nice job of doing so. Once you get through the cadence on how quickly panels can get to the U.S. or how quickly the panel issue can get resolved in a meaningful way, not just American may, but in a meaningful way, and we have a good cadence on that, it's certainly much, much easier to give you commentary against it. So while the macro market's there and we could say outsized growth -- I don't know what the IRA and the way that it's interpreted at this point -- going forward in '23, I don't know yet. So until I can figure that out, I can't really give you good guidance on it other than to say it's robust. It's just a matter of how much plus-plus.
Sean Eastman: Okay. And then on the electric power margins, just this dynamic of now there being a sequential step-up from 3Q to 4Q. I assume that's the storm dynamic. Maybe you could talk about that a little bit. And then also just the outer year target, the midpoint is 11%. The midpoint of this year's guidance is intact at 10.7%. Just kind of understanding what that 30 basis points is would be helpful as well.
Duke Austin: I mean I think it's a couple of things ongoing. You have a storm year-over-year going on that's -- we're probably at $300 million versus $500-something million, $600-something million year-over-year. So you're down $200 million plus-plus, give or take, year-over-year as we have guided, which it does -- when you have those large storms in multiyears, it does give you some utilizations and things like that, which increases. That's one thing. The second thing is, as I've discussed earlier, when you're building people and you have 1,000 people per quarter you're training and you're putting out in the field, that against the supply chain disruptions doesn't allow you to be as efficient. And so you're having some disruption, but it's not -- to me, we're building out long-term relationships with clients, and we're not going to nickel and dime our clients against that growth. So yes, there is some pullback on that type of dynamic, but I do believe we're starting to see those things normalize as we move forward into next year.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Nice quarter. I guess 2 questions. One, in the context of -- you guys like to talk about base earnings. If I look at your implied earnings in the back half of the year, like just the run rate, it's like $170 million a quarter, which implies -- you multiply that by 4, $680 million is a good base to think about. I'm just wondering if that's a good base to think about earnings, the base of earnings for 2023, just given the run rate off of the back half of the year and that it's -- you don't have a lot of big, large projects that are rolling off or anything. So that's my first question, just trying to frame 2023. My second question, Duke, on Blattner, just trying to understand where you are in terms of potentially diversifying the customer base and/or as you're aligning -- as you're talking to customers more, shifting that business model from a less of a CapEx one-off project to more of a -- your aligning with their sort of longer-term CapEx plans, where we are on that basis.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Jamie. First one, we're not going to give 2023 guidance, but like theoretically, I'm not arguing with you. I just don't know, it might be better, it might be worse. So that said...
Jamie Cook: But my math isn't totally off?
Duke Austin: It's somewhere in the neighborhood. So I can't see it. I'm not sitting here on a piece of paper -- I'm not going to give you guidance, but I would say your math is somewhere in there, plus or minus.
Jamie Cook: Because I was a math major in college. So that's good.
Duke Austin: I'm not jumping up and down, saying no, you're totally wrong, I won't say that. But I'm not giving you guidance, too. Okay. So that said -- no, on Blattner, when we look at it, I do believe those relationships long term, and that collaboration has gotten stronger as the demand has gotten greater because the client base is the larger clients in the industry. So as they either buy developments or they're looking long term and when their stated goals are very large, we need to be right in the middle of that long term. So -- and also how we look at interconnections queues, what can we do at the queue level from utilities, how do we help, how do we provide those solutions. I mean I think the company has really moved forward with those synergies over the past 6 months with Blattner, and they've integrated very nicely. I like where we sit, and I do think it's going to provide unique opportunities as we move forward.
Operator: The next question is coming from Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher: Just wanted to follow up on the backlog growth commentary. How broadly do you expect that backlog growth comment to apply across your segments? And then kind of what's the timing of that? Is that -- are you expecting as soon as the fourth quarter? Or when you say into '23, that's -- you're talking more about sort of like the first half of 2023?
Duke Austin: I can't give you exact timing. It's just we see it. It's there. It's coming. We're not going to pin ourselves down on exactly when, but I would say we see the significant growth throughout '23 as well as earlier. Some of the things that we're looking at now are earlier rather than later, but we also see things that are later as well. So I just think overall, when I said significant, we have significant projects, significant MSAs that are imminent for us in the first half of '23. So -- or the fourth quarter. I can't -- I'm not going to pin it down, but I can see it. I'm willing to say significant and talk about it, and that's not normal, obviously.
Steven Fisher: And was that across your segments? Or is that mainly focused on the electric side?
Duke Austin: I see broad-based growth.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then if I could just follow up on Sean's question on the renewables visibility. I know, Duke, you want to take as much as -- time as you can, the full 4 or 5 months, you said, before commenting on the full year. But I just -- I'm curious if there's anything you can say about how well you sense your customer base is set up in renewables for the first half of 2023. Have they kind of given you indication of what projects they have slated for that time frame and how well they have availability of panels just for the first half, at least?
Duke Austin: It's not about like the projects. It's not the LNTPs. It's not the verbal awards. It's not the awards. It's clarity against the IRA. And what does it say, what exactly does it mean on panels, that clarity needs to happen. And you have just a backlog of panel deliveries, things of that nature on the solar side that has caused some disruption. And I think when you look at that against the backdrop of the jobs, the market, it's -- we can't give you clarity until we have it. So we need the clarity on the IRA and what that means against our developers' backlogs. And that said, the work and the jobs and our ability to perform them are there. So we're just basically waiting to get those kind -- that kind of clarity long term. But once we get it, I do think I said it in the call, there's some backlog that didn't happen in '23 from '22 that will go in '23. And then the outsized demand in '23 will come in. And so I do think it -- you have some in the first half, but the back half will be robust into '24 and '25.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research Partners.
Michael Dudas: Duke, you highlighted in your prepared remarks about some -- seems like good progress on the telecommunications side. Can you maybe elaborate, as we look into 2023, what are some of the puts and takes that you guys are seeing? Is the industry getting cadence and spending moving forward? And the targets that you put out generally, are they still appropriate for what we're looking at over the next couple of years to get that business to where you want it to be?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean I think we grow the business double digits plus. We continue to do so. We like where we sit. I don't -- I've said it before, we've invested in that organically. It's been a nice business, very little acquisition. I do think there's opportunities there long term for growth. What I would say, it's not regulated, and it's not predictable. And so I worry with the predictability of telecom. That said, the RDOF money, the monies that are out there, the amount of bandwidth necessary for growth in this economy, whether you look at self-driving vehicles, small cells, it doesn't matter, 5G, that's there, and it will continue to drive demand against the services we provide for the infrastructure. So the macro markets there, the timing of which is always moving around due to the nature of the business. So we're optimistic, but we will take a cautious approach on how we look at it, but double digits growth is there.
Michael Dudas: And on the margin side and utilization?
Duke Austin: I mean we can operate at parity. We're very close now. If not, in the next year, we should operate at double digits on a go-forward basis. But I would say -- I've said this before, the company in that market, we leverage our assets against gas, against underground electric. It doesn't matter. So the portfolio itself, if it means go do gas work at higher margins, that's what we're going to do. If it means go do underground electric at higher margins, that's what we're going to do. It would offset some of the telecom, but the overall company would rise. So I'm not too concerned with the margins at one single telecom, for example.
Operator: The next question is coming from Gus Richard of Northland.
Gus Richard: Just on the underground utilities. Is some of the strength coming from LNG? And in terms of the IRA, is there some provisions where you're going to see increase in pipeline work?
Duke Austin: I mean I think when you look at the gas market, LNG market across the globe, you see tremendous amount of demand, not only war driven, but in Europe and things like that. So I do believe you'll start to see some pipe to feed LNG. Also I think your carbon capture pipe will be there. That's certainly something that's new. Your hydrogen, there's a lot of money in the IRA against hydrogen, the development thereof. So that's there as well. It's still difficult to get permit, a piece of pipe. It just is. And the company has been in that many, many times. And I would say all that would be upside for us. We're thinking about it. We're on it. We're in front of it. Can I guide to it? No.
Gus Richard: Got it. And then just in terms of the refiners, how long can they hold their breath on maintenance?
Duke Austin: We saw some maintenance early in the year, a lot of replacements, things of that nature. I do believe that you'll start to see that same kind of sequence in the first half of next year. You'll see some maintenance and things of that nature start to happen. They're going to run them as long as they can in high markets, and they'll see a bunch of maintenance. But I do believe the view there is longer than people think. Your 20, 30 years of refining capacity that you still are going to have to think about. So I don't think it's short term in nature. I think it's longer term. And we will see the plants that are in existence run longer. That said, they'll take more maintenance.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Duke Austin for closing comments.
Duke Austin: Yes. I want to thank our men and women in the field, a couple of storms, tough environments, they performed really, really well, safety. And what they give for us every day, families -- being away from their families doesn't go unnoticed to us management team. I want to thank Jayshree for her first call, and I'm sure the stock is going through the roof. That said, I want to thank you for your participation. This concludes the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Kip. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter 2022 results which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2022 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we will use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 4, 2022. And therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release and the presentation. Along with the company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. If you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. And lastly, 1 administrative note regarding today's call. Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, Jayshree Desai, is recovering well from a planned but slightly accelerated medical procedure last week and will not be participating in today's conference call. Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Executive Vice President of Business Operations and former CFO, will review and comment on the company's second quarter financial performance and full year guidance in here instead. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary, and we'll then turn it over to Derrick Jensen, who as Kip said, is making a current call appearance, filling in for Jayshree today. He will provide a review of our second quarter results and full year 2022 financial expectations. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Our second quarter results continue our solid start to the year. with record quarterly revenues exceeding $4 billion for the first time in our history as well as record quarterly adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share. We also believe momentum is building for a continued profitable growth next year, and we continue to see opportunities for multiyear expansion across our service lines, driven by our collaborative solutions-based approach. The growth of programmatic spending with existing and new customers and favorable megatrends. We are negotiating several large master service agreement or MSA renewals with utilities. As significant levels of limited notices to proceed for projects across our segments, and we are actively pursuing numerous larger transmission projects. As a result, we believe there is opportunity to achieve record backlog levels again in the coming quarters. Our Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions segment performed well overall during the quarter, despite some supply chain challenges causing delays and resource utilization and efficiencies. The impact on our business has been relatively limited, and these challenges are not causing meaningful delays in our overall utility capital spending. We also believe these are shorter-term conditions that have resulted in mostly short-term delays in the timing of certain electric transmission work. and we continue to collaborate and partner with our customers to manage through these dynamics and work on potential mitigation solutions, which we believe will further enhance our relationships going forward. Demand for our services continue to be driven by broad-based business strength from utility grid modernization and system hardening initiatives as well as our reputation for solid and safe execution. Additionally, our communications operations continue to execute well from both a revenue and margin perspective and remain on track for improved performance this year. Overall, our electric power outlook remains strong, driven primarily by increasing service line opportunities and market share gains on our base business. Incrementally, we continue to actively pursue large utility programs that are designed to modernize the grid, support growing electric vehicle penetration and on other new technology adoption, and hardened systems to be more resilient to wildfire and severe weather events. To that end, in our earnings release this morning, we highlighted an MSA we secured in July to provide turnkey engineering construction and program management solutions in support of the deployment of a national electric vehicle direct current, fast charging network. This program brings together 1 of the largest auto manufacturers, North America's largest operator of travel centers and the nation's largest public fast charging network for electric vehicles. These companies are collaborating on a fast-charging network that is expected to include as many as 2,000 DC charging stalls at hundreds of travel locations across the United States. We expect to begin engineering work on this program this year, with construction expected to begin in 2023. This is just 1 example of several large electric vehicle charging deployment programs that we have been pursuing. Additionally, we believe the need to modernize and enhance the power grid to enable higher levels of load growth and continuous power demand caused by growing electric vehicle penetration will create significant opportunity for Quanta. Renewable developers and utilities are leading the effort to reduce carbon emissions, many with significant carbon reduction commitments through aggressive efforts to expand our renewable generation portfolios. Achieving their goals will also require substantial incremental investment in transmission and substation infrastructure to interconnect new renewable generation facilities to the power grid and to ensure grid reliability due to the significant increase of intermittent power added to the system. Over the near and longer term, we believe substantial load growth favorable public policy and overall positive sentiment supporting a greener environment will continue to drive North America's power generation mix, increasingly towards renewables. Our Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment performed well during the quarter and successfully managed through general supply chain challenges and solar project in disruption caused by the Department of Commerce's investigation into solar panel manufacturers in several Southeast Asian countries, the impact of which has since been mitigated through an executive order by President Biden. While the first 6 months of 2022 presented challenges to the renewable industry, we are on track and expect to build momentum through the rest of this year. Interestingly, due to the initial solar industry uncertainty and project delays caused by the Department of Commerce investigation, a number of renewable developers and utilities have them for projects in their wind portfolios to be built over the next several years. We believe this incremental wind activity could create a stacking effect in future years on top of existing industry expectations for accelerated solar and battery storage project investment. To that end, we are actively collaborating with existing and potential renewable generation customers on their multiyear programs with some discussions in planning extending out to 2026. Additionally, we are pursuing several large, high-voltage electric transmission projects designed to support renewable generation and overall system reliability. And these projects have made meaningful progress with permitting and approvals. We are the leading high-voltage electric transmission infrastructure solutions provider in North America and believe we are well positioned to be selected for these projects. As we have commented previously about both proposed and enacted federal infrastructure legislation, our positive month a year outlook is not dependent on them. However, we view the current climate related components of the proposed inflation reduction act as incremental positive for the renewable industry. We believe the passage of these provisions could accelerate renewable generation and related infrastructure investment over the coming years and provide Quanta with greater visibility into future opportunities for growth. We are particularly pleased with the performance of our underground utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment in the second quarter. Our industrial services operations continue to execute very well and experienced strong demand as capital spending resumes and pent-up activity from 2 years of deferred maintenance in this part. We also continue to experience solid demand for our gas utility and pipeline integrity operations, which are executing well and driven by regulated spend to modernize systems, reduce methane emissions, ensure environmental compliance and improved safety and reliability. Looking to the coming years. We also continue to see emerging opportunities for Quanta's, underground utility and infrastructure solutions operations to play an evolving and increasing role with customers as they move forward with strategies to reduce their carbon footprint and diversify their operations and assets towards greener business opportunities. Quanta is successfully executing on our strategic initiatives to drive operational excellence, total cost solutions for our clients, profitable growth for the and value for our stakeholders. Our strategic initiatives are designed to uniquely position us not only to capitalize on the mega trends of our end markets, but also enhance our customer relationships and market positioning. As a result, we are able to collaborate with our clients to execute their capital deployment plans, even during challenging conditions like the ones we face today for supply chain inflation, COVID-19, regulatory and economic uncertainties. These dynamics are not easy to navigate, but we expect to continue to successfully manage through them. We believe we have taken a prudent approach to our guidance for the remainder of the year to incorporate these factors. It is during these times that Quanta demonstrates its resilience which we believe shows the strength of our operations portfolio and platform of solutions. As I hope you gather from my remarks this morning, demand for our services is robust across our portfolio and driven by long-term visible and resilient megatrends. As a result of our solid first half financial results, greater visibility and continued overall favorable end-market drivers, we remain confident in our 2022 consolidated financial expectations. More importantly, as we look to the medium and long term, we are incrementally more positive as energy transition and carbon reduction initiatives accelerate. We believe the infrastructure investment and renewable generation necessary to support these initiatives are still in the early stages of deployment. We have profitably grown the company and executed well in the past and expect to continue to do so. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class build leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen for his review of our second quarter results and 2022 expectations. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by saying that we've received so many phone calls and e-mails for an encore performance, and I'm doing 1 more quarter call, but after this call on dropping the mic. As Kip commented, see is doing fine and those who is not joining the call today, she has been overseeing the quarter and will be signed in the certification for our filing. She will be delivering next quarter's call notes as I wonder a round back stage. With that, I'll turn to our earnings release where today, we announced record second quarter revenues of $4.2 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $88 million or $0.59 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was a record for the second quarter at $1.54. Our electric power revenues were $2.2 billion, a quarterly record and a 21% increase when compared to the second quarter of 2021. This increase was primarily due to growth in spending by our utility customers on grid modernization and hardening resulting in increased demand for our electric power services as well as approximately $80 million in revenues attributable to acquired businesses. Electric segment operating income margins in 2Q '22 were 10.6% compared to 11.4% in 2Q '21. The margin reduction is largely attributable to normal project variability. However, margins were pressured somewhat by inefficiencies attributable to supply chain disruptions impacting certain operations and elevated consumables costs. Despite those headwinds, we were able to deliver double-digit margins in line with our expectations for the quarter. Also included within our Electric segment are our communications operations, which delivered improved sequential and quarter-over-quarter margins, putting us on pace for upper single-digit to double-digit margins for the year. Renewable Energy Infrastructure segment revenues for 2Q '22 were $924 million, a substantial increase from 2Q '21 primarily due to $490 million in revenues attributable to acquired businesses. Operating income margins in QQ '22 were 8.8% comparable to the 9% in 2Q '21. Underground Utility & Infrastructure segment revenues were a record $1.1 billion for the quarter. higher than 2Q '21, reflecting increased demand from our gas utility and industrial customers as well as an increased contribution from larger pipeline projects. Operating income margins for the segment were 8.1%, 530 basis points higher than 2Q '21. The margins reflect strong performance across the segment, most notably by our industrial operations, which had record quarterly revenues. One below the item -- going below the line item I want to mention is our other income and expense. As I discussed last quarter, we hold a common equity interest in the fixed wireless broadband technology provider, Star Group Holdings, Inc. As required, we remeasured the fair value of this investment based on the market price of the publicly traded company stock as of June 30, 2022, which resulted in the recognition of an unrealized loss of $41.7 million during the quarter. While the unrealized loss is significant, we remain confident in the store business as well as our scalable wireless platform and the right future for the deployment of Starry's fixed wireless technology. And we are not alone in this assessment. As a point of reference, the analyst community has an average price target starting above $9 per share. Our total backlog was $19.9 billion, a reduction of $0.6 billion compared to last quarter. The reduction is primarily attributable to our multiyear MSAs, which saw a reduction in estimated value due to 1 quarter's worth of backlog turning into recognized revenues during the second quarter. Our 12-month backlog is a record $11.6 billion, a slight increase compared to last quarter, indicating consistent levels of committed work over the near term. With the continued demand for our services and robust activity across all of our segments, we fully expect backlog to remain strong and to report new record levels of backlog in subsequent quarters. For the second quarter of 2022, we had free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure at $14 million compared to $126 million of free cash flow in 2Q '21. Free cash flow for the quarter was below our expectations, with the shortfall largely attributable to timing on certain renewable contract awards, which typically have favorable cash terms and continued elevated working capital requirements associated with the large ongoing Canadian renewable transmission project driving an increase in contract assets, which we've discussed in prior quarters. Regarding the Canadian renewable transmission project, we continue to work with the customer to address the growing contract asset balance. Expensive schedule delays, primarily due to COVID restrictions and its impact on remote locations of the project have extended production schedules through another build season. This and other factors have negatively impacted our ability to meet contractual billing milestones and have also increased costs as a direct result. Discussions are ongoing with the customer with the revised build schedule agreed to by both parties. We've engaged in discussions regarding adjusting billing milestones and remain confident in our cost position, a resolution of certain of these amounts will likely extend beyond this year and have impacted free cash flow and will continue to impact DSO in the near term. The estimated impact of these dynamics is currently increasing DSOs by as much as 5 to 6 days. On a positive note, another previously discussed large Canadian electric transmission projects that dealt with similar challenges received customer approval for a significant portion of the contract assets associated with change orders during the quarter. The approved amounts were billed during the quarter, and we expect flex in 3Q '22, with resolution of the smaller remaining balance expected by the end of the year. Days sales outstanding, or DSO, measured 81 days for the second quarter of 2022, a decrease of 2 days compared to the second quarter of 2021 and Start and an increase of 1 day compared to year-end. The decrease from 2Q '21, was primarily due to the favorable impact of the acquisition of Latina, which historically operates with a lower DSO than certain of our other larger operating companies. This positive impact was partially offset by the previously discussed working capital dynamics associated with the 2 large Canadian transmission projects. As of June 30, 2022, we had total liquidity of approximately $1.8 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.4x as calculated under our credit agreement. We expect continued earnings growth and cash generation to support our ability to efficiently delever over the following quarters while continuing to create stockholder value through our dividend and repurchase programs as well as strategic acquisitions. As of July 31, 2022, we've acquired approximately $104 million worth of stock since the beginning of the year as part of our repurchase program. And in July, we acquired a utility contract in the West that specializes in underground construction. Turning to our guidance. We had a solid first half of the year, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver against the guidance we laid out on our last call. However, the composition of our earnings across our segments is slightly different than our initial expectations, which we believe reflects the benefit and strength of our portfolio of solutions. We continue to see strong demand for the services across our electric segment, and we now expect revenues to range between $8.5 billion and $8.6 billion, a $200 million increase from our previous range. However, as Duke commented, portions of our transmission operations are being negatively impacted by customer-driven material delays. And accordingly, we're moving labor and equipment to address our customers' growing distribution needs. The shuffling of resources is creating inefficiencies as we also grow headcount, which we expect will slightly pressure margins in the back half of the year. As a result, we now expect margins for the segment to range between 10.6% and 10.8%, still a double-digit operating profile, but slightly below our previous expectations. Our Renewables segment was negatively impacted by the uncertainty on project timing attributable to potential supply chain disruptions However, we've seen some improvement in that regard over the last month. We currently see the opportunity for the back half of the year to be stronger with full year revenues now expected to range between $4 billion and $4.2 billion, a $200 million increase from our previous range and operating margins continuing to range between 8.5% and 9%. Our Underground segment has had a great start to the year. Given the solid performance to date and improved visibility into the remainder of the year, we are tightening our full year range of expectations. We now expect full year revenues for the segment to range between $4.1 billion and $4.2 billion, with margins expected to range between 7% and 7.5%, which puts our previous midpoint expectation as the new low end of the margin range. With regard to free cash flow, we are lowering our full year expectations, primarily due to the Canadian transmission project dynamics we're working through, but also due to incremental revenue growth that will require additional working capital. Accordingly, we now expect free cash flow for the year to range between $550 million and $750 million. Due to the lower free cash flow, coupled with increased interest rates on our variable rate debt, we now expect full year interest expense to range between $120 million and $123 million. In the aggregate, our consolidated expectations for full year diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock are now expected to range between $3.32 and $3.65. And full year adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock, a non-GAAP financial measure to range between $6.10 and $6.44. Additionally, we now expect adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, to range between $1.64 billion and $1.71 billion for the year. For quarterly commentary and additional details on our financial expectations, please refer to our outlook summary, which can be found in the Financial Info section of our IR website at quantaservices.com. From a long-term perspective, the tailwinds behind our end markets remain robust. We believe our industry-leading solutions differentiate us from our peers and present management with the opportunity to deliver significant stockholder value through organic growth and strategic capital deployments through 2026 and beyond. I'll now turn it back over to our operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Congrats on a nice quarter. I guess my first question, you -- the market has talked about and you sort of alluded to, to supply chain labor inflationary pressures. Can you talk to where that is most pronounced sort of how you're managing through that? And to what degree do you see that as a risk of project delays and/or to your guidance? And then my second question, Derrick, I guess I'll ask you because this will be the last time I get to ask you a question on a public call. Was pleasantly surprised by the underground margins in the quarter. So can you talk to how much of that was just the industrial business is picking up? Or is there anything structural going on there that you feel more confident that margins were closer to getting your margins to your targeted range?
Earl Austin: Yes. Thank you, Jamie. I think when we look at supply chain, as we're building crew counts and things of that nature, there is some small impacts on mono material throughout the utility system. And it does create some inefficiencies with our crews especially when we're building. So those impacts, coupled with some inflationary pressures on consumables, it does pressure a bit. I do not think that's something that given the guidance, we took all that into account if it does levelize or if it does get better throughout the quarter by the end of the year, certainly, it will move upwards. It's utilization and the buildup for future years and working with the client in a collaborative manner, which is what the company has done in the past and we'll continue to do on a go-forward basis, all for really the outer years. And I think it's really important for us to make sure that we're building these crews while working with the client on these modern material issues throughout the system. So we don't really see the impact. It's not the solar we talked extensively about that last quarter and work through that and like I probably would. So really nothing there to speak of. So all in all, really good from our standpoint, macro markets are strong, not seeing large supply chain issues. And the ones that we are, I think it's opportunities for us to work with the client. And I'll just say a little bit on the margin, and I'll give it to Derrick. We've said all along that we view the company as a portfolio and that we get to double-digit EBITDA -- adjusted EBITDA margins and through the portfolio. And I think it's prevalent. It resonates. We continue to see the portfolio rise throughout. And it's really whether it's industrial, Canada or whatever, the whole portfolio continues to move forward and upward. But I'll let Derrick comment.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, I would say that unique to the quarter, there wasn't anything individual, I'd call out is really kind of across the segment performance. Industrial led the way record revenues for them. solid margins. They're looking to be into a pre-COVID type of performance levels for the rest of this year. So -- but the entire segment is seeing improvements, better utilizations, good execution, utilizing some of those resources to it and the electric power side as well as a reminder. And then it's also towards our path to being able to execute on that group in that upper single-digit profile, and we're seeing that through this year and go as well as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Just looking at the decline in the backlog here a little bit, just focusing on renewables. To what extent was that decline a function of some of the tariff dynamics in the quarter and the uncertainties that, that brought with it? Because if that's the case, that's understandable. But I guess what is your expectation -- or is it your expectation that, that backlog in renewables will start growing again as soon as the third quarter? I know you've got some limited notice to proceed, but should we expect that backlog to start growing again in the near term?
Earl Austin: Yes. Thanks, Steve. The renewable backlog when we look at it and the amount of inbound calls, it's probably one of the most robust times that we've had at the company from that standpoint. I believe the backlog will build substantially throughout the year in the renewable segment. Timing, the LNTPs are really more so when you say limited notice to proceed, we did not put those in backlog. And as that becomes contract, then we'll put them in. I just -- the amount of LNTPs to contract that time has elongated a bit through the cycle, just primarily around the solar impact as well as some of the land portfolio moving up. I just -- we see that growing throughout the year, timing of which it could be the fourth quarter, it could be the third quarter, maybe early next year. But again, we reiterated where we think the segment, where we thought flatting would be and continue to be more confident about where that renewable segment is going today than I've ever been.
Derrick Jensen: I'll add to everything Duke said, I'll add that we've always talked about how backlog can be lumpy for Quanta as a whole. I'll emphasize that in previous calls, we've commented that it could be more so in this renewable segment, right? It is an aggregate of project type dynamics that manage a little bit less base business component to it. So you might see a little bit more ups and downs at any given point in time, and that doesn't necessarily indicate the trend. We continue to feel quite confident in the multiyear market.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Just a follow-up. Can you give us a sense of the size of that EV charging MSA? And I think you have -- you mentioned a bunch of other MSAs you have in the works. How many of those are completely new types of arrangements versus renewables -- renewals of what you already have?
Earl Austin: Yes, Steve, it's meaningful. I would say it's more about for us, when it's going to get started, how it's looking on a go-forward basis. We're having the same discussions with multiple clients, multiple programs. But it's also the ancillary effect on the utility system, and I'll continue to say that is more important of what happens to the system. And really utility spend against EV charging and what's necessary to make that work on a consistent basis day to day, it's substantial and substantially more than the EV charging network itself. But we are seeing those projects come to fruition here.
Operator: Our next question is from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.
Chad Dillard: So I want to go back to your comment about electric power margins and bringing it down this quarter. So can you just break out the impact from headcount, the customer-driven material delays and I think you mentioned consumables? And then just like is there any opportunity to recover this? And just like how broad-based are these issues in your portfolio?
Earl Austin: I don't think the issue is systemic. I don't think it's elongated. We're building crews. Normally, the company runs right through it. We did increase headcount around 1,000 in the quarter. it does create some pressure, the material -- mono-material delays with that with some inflationary pressure on consumables altogether. Look, it does impact still a little bit. I do not think it's we're going to work with our clients long term. We're a company that really collaborates. So I don't see us getting any recovery on it. We'll work through it. It will be a long term for us over the next 10 years. The gains today for the next -- the future. So in my mind, a little bit of margin pressure, not bad. We'll work through it. I'm not also when we look outward against what we've seen in the past, if you think about storm, our guidance is like $100-plus million and last year, we did $400 million in the last 2 quarters. So we're not baking any of that in. It will depend on utilization and we get prudent guidance, and I believe there's upside potential to the backside given where we sit, if we get supply chain coming through or any kind of major storm event.
Chad Dillard: Got it. That's helpful. And then it's almost been a year since you've acquired Blattner announced the acquisition. So just curious to get some update on progress on what you're seeing in terms of sell-through from legacy Quanta customers and later? And are you seeing an uptick in regulated utilities to appetite to shift the mix towards renewables?
Earl Austin: I think the business itself, we continue to be pleased with what we said. We're making good progress on synergies. We constantly are in contact with our clients about both in solar, not only on utilities or developers, but also our UI segment. All of our customers are really looking towards the carbon-free footprint. And when we think through it, we thought that we could sit at the tip of the sphere on energy transition, we think we're at the tip of the sphere on energy transition with Blattner and certainly believe that every bit today as we did before and we're proving it out every day.
Operator: Our next question is from Justin Hauke with Baird.
Justin Hauke: Derrick, I guess last time we'll talk this way on these calls. But I guess I had a question on the guidance with the upside from the JV contribution from LUMA, I guess it implies the base segment margins are a little bit lower, but I was more interested in kind of where the upside is coming from that. I know there was opportunity for earnouts and some additional project pickup. So I guess I'm wondering if it's from that or is this the base contract expanded and there still is more opportunity from those other items?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, it's really the latter. A lot of it was associated with us basically some carets cost management side of the equation on activities that we're doing. As of yet, we haven't started anything for the new project type dynamics, which would be incremental to the base project. Those things are still yet to come. They're imminent. But right now, the differential this quarter is basically kind of cumulative cost management type dynamics. And looking forward, you can see that we're still forecasting the contribution to be comparable to our previous forecast levels for the third and fourth quarter.
Earl Austin: I do think we're seeing some fame funding coming through now on the island. And I do think there'll be opportunities for us in 2023 to actually perform some construction that's outside the contract.
Derrick Jensen: Another plant there is that, that line item has multiple joint ventures, not just another joint venture. So we had a few joint ventures that actually executed quite well during the quarter. So not all of that variance is unique to LUMA. .
Justin Hauke: Okay. And I guess my second question is just going back to Blattner again. So the revenue contribution for the segment at least from M&A, $490 million, that's kind of comparable to what it was in 1Q. I guess we would have thought there would have been maybe a little bit more tick up. You guys have been pretty upfront about the challenges from the tariffs on the renewables business here in the first half. But I'm just curious with your outlook for that business, are you still thinking $2.5 billion of revenue contribution? Or is that a little bit different this year than maybe what was originally claimed?
Earl Austin: No. We reiterated our guidance on the acquisition as well as the segments. So obviously, I mean, I think in my mind, it's every bit as good as what we have said. And I think the longer term, even '23, the build in '23 and beyond is greater than we thought.
Operator: Our next question is from Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle Dilts: So I wanted to dig into the cost side a little bit more just because I think it's been tough from a cost perspective kind of across the industry. You've discussed before that fuel is a relatively small percentage of your total cost, I think, at about 2%. Could you speak to how you've dealt with fuel cost increases in the quarter and the extent to which you've been able to pass them on to customers? And also sort of with labor and equipment and components, have there been -- have you been able to pass that through reasonably well? Or have there been instances where you've had to go back to the customer and get some relief? I'm just kind of curious what the process has been like for some of those challenges in the quarter.
Earl Austin: Thanks, Noelle. The costs certainly have increased, but typically, we're able to work through those, do scale through collaborating with the client. We are building crews. And I do think the build is really what's causing most of our issues as well as the inefficiencies of the supply chain. It's not necessarily the fuel or the inflation. We can usually work through those kind of pressures and have -- we work with the client on that. And I do think it's just the culmination of all 3 kind of in a quarter, you see a little bit of pressure. Actually, internally, we're on kind of where we thought we would be from a margin standpoint. If the guide going forward that we've prudent on and I believe in my mind, special the overall segment margin is not where we sit in the first 6 months. Can we operate through that in the latter half? Maybe. We certainly take a prudent approach to guidance. We thought we should at least acknowledge that there is some pressure, but we're not seeing the pressure that -- and we're not going to talk about fuel and crew counts and those things on a daily basis. We can work through those through on the way that we get cost recovery as well as get more efficient as a company in scale.
Noelle Dilts: Okay. And then in the past, we've talked about your -- how to think about labor costs given that your union and you typically have some visibility as it relates to the electric workforce. Any updated thoughts on how we should think about coming labor cost increases and what the conversations with the unions are like and generally, how to think about overall, what that looks like as we're kind of ending this year and heading into '23?
Earl Austin: No, I think when you look at the company, that's our core, is across scale labor and our ability to work with unions as well as all of our trade associations, I think, are really important. And the way that we set our apology is the way that we've done our training for the last 6, 7 years, the amount that we put into this in my mind, we're really helping and collaborating with the client and talking through any kind of escalations in the future. We've worked really nicely to collaborate on these things, even the inflationary bill that has some of the language in it. We've worked through all that. So we sit in a really good position there and all, and I think we've got those cover going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Duke, can you maybe share some thoughts on the opportunities that you're seeing? I'm sure they're quite broad on the high-voltage transmission projects, the larger ones. And given your -- where your base businesses, how selective do you plan on being? What kind of room do you think you have on the EP side for those types of projects? And then even on the pipeline side, there's been quite a bit of news lately from Washington about certain pipelines and certain opportunities and changing some regulatory aspects. You just share your appetite on both sides has it changed much in the last 6, 12 months? Or given the cash flow issues at a you may be seeing out of Canada, how selective you might be given the base business seems to be doing quite well?
Earl Austin: No, when we look at the large transmission, certainly, it's a robust environment. We're talking a lot. I do think the states have a lot of say even if it has good visibility and there is a large number of projects that get stated, it's still tough on those big projects. But that said, we are in the middle of quite a few, more so now than in the past. So we are looking at a lot of bigger products. I wouldn't say we're around the edges on the mall, try to collaborate with the client on these and certainly, for us, it's about planning and helping upfront. So we have success in the future. And I think that's our job is to work with the client to be successful on these larger projects. Canada, it's always we've been 5 or 6 projects, takes a little bit to get cash. We always work through those with the client. We worked through 1 successfully in the quarter, we'll work through the next one. The southern one did the remaining this year and the next. But we are executing well. We are known for northern camps. Our people in the field are world-class. And that project, it's remarkable what we've done through COVID. So I'm highly confident where we sit there and then our collectibility there as well as getting our cash flow a little better than it is today. Canada was certainly impacted more so than the Lower 48, when you look at COVID and things of that nature, especially with 12 camps on a job. So look, I think both Canada from the pipe side, even some in the Lower 48, there is some projects moving around. But our base business is robust. Those are all really additive in our thinking to the future versus where we sit, anything there would be additive the way I see it. We're really not going to chase shiny objects. We're really working on our base business. And if the shiny objects happen to come in, it will only increase our guidance going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson, Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Nice quarter. First question, I wanted to ask about your MSAs. Did those have inflation protection baked into them coming into this year? Or is that something you need to work on as you renegotiate those going forward?
Earl Austin: They're all different, but I would say we typically have some escalations, labor escalations for sure, which is typically around 60%, 70% of the project. So normally, that's in there and some of the consumables would be in there, again, feels about 2% of cost. And so it's really the buildup, your training, all the things that are necessary to put new people in the field, which we've done a nice job through the colleges and the pre-apprentices. But that, coupled with some of the inflationary pressures, certainly in the quarter, I would say we just took a prudent approach in the future on guidance. We're really on target the way I see it for the quarter.
Adam Thalhimer: I agree. Okay. And then I wanted to ask about the EV charging opportunity. Is the big opportunity for Quanta. Is it actually installing the bay? Or is there a substation and transformer work behind that, that's more meaningful for you guys?
Earl Austin: I think it's both. But what I would tell you is it's 100x more meaningful on the back side than it is on the station itself or the bay itself. And the reason is the load is at really at the distribution level, particularly. And so as that happens, to get the low to the distribution level is substantial, both in -- from a generation standpoint through the sub down through into the distribution side of the business. It's like big -- I don't know I'll explain a big pipe going into a little fiat doesn't have any room. So you need bigger pipe all the way through. So in my mind, it's just a lot on the system that needs to be modernized, and we're in the early stages of starting that distribution bill across North America.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Rygiel with B. Riley.
Alexander Rygiel: You've been through many different economic cycles. Can you talk to us a little bit about your experiences at the beginning or an inflection point of an economic cycle? And how many we might want to think about sort of the next 12 to 18 months as to how that kind of might impact your core electrical power business?
Earl Austin: Yes. Thanks, Alex. Normally, in other cycles, typically, when you're looking at inflationary pressure, natural gas today, $8, it does impact the consumer. And the consumer in my mind, as you start increasing bills, that the regulators certainly look at this. The problem, I think, this time with -- it's not a problem that's what's -- what we're faced with as a country when we're going towards a carbon-free environment, and EV penetration has already left the building. There's no choice in my mind, other than to put capital into these systems in order to enhance and modernize them for those impacts. The only pressure you could do is just stop and I don't believe the country is going to stop the carbon-fee environment at this point. I'm not saying there is load growth now. And when you think about it, in the past, there was no load growth. We're getting 2%, 3%, 5% load growth in places, and that is offsetting some of the cost of capital going into the systems as well. So the ultimate impact of the consumer for the grid build is not showing up. But the fuel cost, I do think natural gas needs to regulate a bit, get down where it should be. And I do think that will help the bill and everything else. So I don't see the real impacts that I would have seen -- we would have seen in the past. But look, we're always cautionary about the inflationary pressures. They're really in place, and we should be prudent about how we think about it, but we're not seeing it show up at all yet.
Alexander Rygiel: And then sorry if I missed this, but what is your backlog within the Telecom segment? And what is this backlog telling you about organic growth kind of on a go-forward 12-month basis? Is it accelerating? Can we see double-digit organic growth out of that segment?
Earl Austin: Yes, we're about $1 billion in backlog in telecom. We stay about $1 billion in backlog and telecom. We could build it, Alex. It's just something I find the carriers to be more cyclical and more spontaneous than our regulated utilities as well as our developers. And so we'll be cautious about that as we grow the business. We faced that growth on purpose. I do think the margins are upper single digits going to double digits, which is really what we're after. So I'm happy where we sit. We could grow. I feel comfortable that our platform will allow us. The company has really worked hard on the portfolio. You're seeing it show up in the UI margins. I know we've talked a lot about electric, we talked a lot about renewables. But that portfolio, the way that we're displacing G&A and the things that we've done internally and this management team has really bought into 1 single brand, 1 single location. You're seeing the impacts across the board at Quanta as we pick up the adjusted EBITDA.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi Group.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Maybe you could give us more color regarding your negotiations with utilities, regarding re-upping MSAs. Are MSAs of the existing customers continuing to increase given the amount of electric power work your customers have? Is there evidence of that moving to more outsourcing? And are you seeing evidence of new MSAs as your customers likely are quite tight with their own labor?
Earl Austin: I think when we look at the customer collaborate quite a bit, Nothing's changed there. We continue to have a robust environment, good macro markets sit well in the marketplace and our ability to execute in the field safely, on time, on budget. It makes it an easy conversation and it always has. As long as we continue to execute in the field. And those conversations are pretty easy.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So Doug, maybe can you give us an update on what you're seeing in undergrounding, whether it's the PG&E project or anything else you're working on? Do you see undergrounding becoming a much more meaningful part of your business as you head into 2023?
Earl Austin: It not only in the West, you're seeing undergrounding across the Gulf Coast for storm hardening. I do think undergrounding will be a big portion of the West going forward. But it is moving forward, all the capital budgets, if you look back and you see where per mile, what the utilities in the West are anticipating in '23 is substantially different than in '22. Early stages, the West is tough to work and the lot permitting, a lot of environmental planning. I do think our front-end business, we talked about it quite a bit that the engineering, permitting, all the things that we're doing on the front end is really helping us get prepared for those bills and helping us with the client the reduced cost on that. So I like what we said there. I think it is something that you'll see in '23 show up and off in the Gulf Coast.
Operator: Our next question is from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sean Eastman: I wanted to come back to the comment about wind projects being pulled forward. What does the sort of come back on the wind side? Tell us about the anticipated margin progression in the Renewables segment. Because I thought that -- and correct me if I'm wrong, but a lot of this year-over-year softness in the Blattner business that we're seeing in 2022 from a margin perspective, is that softer win dynamic? So I wanted to check in on that.
Earl Austin: I don't know we are seeing any margin issues with Blattner. But that being said, it's down a little bit. I don't think it has anything to do with the Blattner or the platform whether it's on or solar. I think it had everything to do with us taking a prudent approach to it worry through inflationary pressures as well as guidance on not we did that on a go-forward basis to scale, I don't think the mix of work impacts the margins there in the segment. The segment does have large electric transmission as well as solar station interconnect. So those kind of things are in the segment. It's not just Blattner. And I do think as we move forward, certainly, the wind coming in helps and -- but wherever this happy with solar is low. I think when we see it, we thought we would have some delay in '22, we did. But we took that into account early even when we made the acquisition. And we also reiterated a long-term kind of $3.6 billion in '26. I do think that's pulled in. I think you'll see a significant amount of growth there in '23 as well as and beyond.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. And maybe color as well, as we commented that we felt the latter would be able to exit the double-digit EBITDA levels and they continue to execute at those levels.
Sean Eastman: They do. Okay. Great. I didn't frame that question properly. I just -- I thought it was kind of exciting to see wind coming back in the mix. I guess, really, it's not a margin dynamic. It's more just additive to that stronger visibility around growth for renewables into the out years. And then...
Earl Austin: So I'm not saying we can't increase margin on a go-forward basis in the segment. If you -- it's all scale. Look, if it's solar, wind doesn't matter. If you get more scale out of it and cover off G&A, we'll certainly increase the margins there.
Sean Eastman: Okay. That's really helpful, Duke. And then moving over to the cash flows, just this Canadian transmission project dynamic. Is this more an element of working through the bureaucracy with the client versus some sort of point of contention with the client? Is that a fair comment, Derrick?
Earl Austin: This is Duke. I'll deal with them quite a bit. And we went through -- we had 2 large projects, 1 just completed. No one's ever been through COVID in Canada. So it's a justification of cost. against where you're at for one part. And then the way the milestone billing works on the second one, look, we didn't anticipate the delays in winter delays that we have today. And so those milestones, we have to escalate them off, work with the clients get paid earlier. I don't think there's -- we're working through those now. There's no contention and it's just it's really a matter of fact, going through it, justifying it and moving forward. A lot of paper, I would say, from my standpoint, a little more than normal. But look, it's -- we've been through this many times in Canada. We'll get through with good documentation. We know we've taken the same approach, we've taken to every other one there. I'm only confident that we'll work through this in the coming quarters.
Derrick Jensen: I agree.
Operator: Our next question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: The first question was around the renewables legislation that's making its way through Congress right now. And I recognize it's an unbelievably dynamic environment to try to process it. But just any early observations of what that can mean for the opportunity set in your business? And clearly, it could be positive for renewable energy infrastructure solutions, but do you see a way it could also tie into the electric power infrastructure solutions as well?
Earl Austin: For sure, anything renewable, I'll go backwards on the question, but anything renewable and the legislation affects the grid. No question. And so anything we're talking about impacts the backside of the grid. And so I think, yes, a substantial increase in utility spend either way, I don't think look, the legislation is great. It's all incrementally positive at 780 pages. I don't want to comment on it other than just to say it's positive for us in many ways. And if it does pass, as stated, we're extremely happy.
Neil Mehta: That makes sense. And I just wanted to follow up on the free cash flow question. I think you provided some clarity around the specific project in Canada. But can you help us bridge between the previous free cash flow guidance on this one? And how much was that specific project versus other items?
Earl Austin: That's why Derrick came back, if you want to answer that.
Neil Mehta: All right. That's why Derrick is never going to do another one of these calls again.
Derrick Jensen: Well, look, I mean, the biggest portion of what drives our cash flow is the working capital demands of the business. We've talked at length about the fact that higher levels of growth put pressure on working capital. At this stage, our organic revenue growth for the year will exceed double digits. And in the past, we've talked about when you see that, you can start to see free cash flow conversion against probably drifting down to like the 30% to 40% range. And I think if you look at the math, you're going to see the running about 35%. The uptick in the revenues for the year, about $400 million, running 10% to 11% trailing 12 months. Working capital is going to get you into about $40 million to $50 million of the uptick in the decrease in free cash flow is associated with the uptick in the revenue guidance. So I think it's all still running across the same formula. Having said that, yes, I think the remaining delta would largely be the individual timing of the project issues we were talking about.
Operator: Our next question is from Gus Richard with Northland.
Auguste Richard: Yes. Thanks for letting us ask a question on Derrick's second final farewell tour. High-power see kind of in limited supply. The largest supplier is in Germany. The OEMs that provide utilities with equipment are not high-volume customers typically don't get favorable allocation I'm seeing lead times as long as 50 weeks for IGBTs, et cetera. And I'm just wondering, my question is the supply chain issues that your customers are seeing, are they getting worse at it getting better? What are your customers saying about this? And is it going to continue to cause disruptions in your business?
Earl Austin: Yes, we're seeing some of the spot really transformers, honestly, I think, are the bigger thing, distribution transformers are kind of what I see. A little stuff here or there, but that's what we're focused on, trying to collaborate with the client on those at this point. Some transmission items are -- we've seen some delay in those as well. But look, our workforce is pretty nimble. We can move through these kind of issues and work with the client on those supply chains. The utility industry is very resilient. We're coming out with solutions on a daily basis in a collaborative manner. They collaborate quite a bit. I don't think this is long term. We're working through all these issues. You can double shift factories. You can do a lot of different things to expedite all the modern equipment. So look, there's always a big lag on your big HVDC transformers and turbines and those kind of things. So I do think that is already in baked in the system, and we're working through these minor issues with the client. It is a place where I believe Quanta can collaborate and move forward the business on that end and certainly front side of our business. the planning and the things that we're doing there is helping us be successful to execute in the field.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Earl Austin: Yes. I want to -- first, I want to thank Derrick for stepping in here. It certainly eases the mine to have someone of his caller here at on the management team and shows a lot about the family aspect of the company. Jayshree is doing great, and she's listening to the call, Jayshree. And we know you've done a lot here in the quarter to make this successful. So thank you. And all of them and women in the field that make our job easy and make this call easy for us. as you execute so well, we truly appreciate you and everyone that participated in the call today. Thanks for your interest in Quanta.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for questions and comments following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Kip Rupp, President, Investor Relations. Thank you. One moment.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. This morning we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2022 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2022 outlook and commentary we’ll be discussing this morning. Additionally, we will use a slide presentation to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call’s webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 5, 2022, and therefore, you’re advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta’s expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta’s control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today’s press release, along with the company’s periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta’s or the SEC’s website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical or forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today’s call, including adjusted diluted EPS, and backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for email alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta’s President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary, and we’ll then turn it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta’s Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a review of our first quarter results and full year 2022 financial expectations. Following Derrick’s comments, we welcome your questions. Our first quarter results show that Quanta is off to a great start this year with quarterly revenues of $4 billion, each segment generated strong revenue growth during the quarter despite the impact of normal seasonality, with GAAP and adjusted diluted EPS of $0.57 and a record $1.37 respectively. Additionally, total backlog at the quarter end exceeded $20 billion for the first time, which continues to support our 2022 financial expectations. We continue to see opportunities across our service lines, driven by our collaborative solution-based approach. The growth of programmatic spending with existing and new customers and the favorable mega trends we discussed at our recent Investor Day, which provides strong visibility into near and long-term growth. Our Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions operations continued to perform well during the quarter, driven by broad based business strength from ongoing utility grid modernization and system hardening initiatives and solid and safe execution. Additionally, our communications operations are moving in the right direction, and performed well during the quarter. Our electric power outlook remains strong, driven primarily by increasing service line opportunities and market share gains on our base business. Further, we continue to actively pursue large new master service agreements, or MSAs, that are designed to modernize the grid and to support growing electric vehicle penetration and other need technology adoption and to harden the system to be more resilient to wildfire and severe weather events. We believe these trends provide opportunity for materially greater backlog levels this year. Our conversations about Quanta’s EV charging program management solutions continues to advance with companies throughout the electric vehicle ecosystem. Our revenues from EV charging infrastructure work are relatively small, but are expected to increase significantly this year and beyond. We believe EV charging infrastructure opportunities are on the cusp of accelerating and are only just beginning. Additionally, we believe the need to modernize and enhance the power grid to enable higher levels of load growth and continuous power demand caused by growing EV penetration could create significant opportunity for Quanta. Our Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment performed well during the quarter. Many of the macroeconomic uncertainties we are managing through today were known unknowns when we announced our intention to acquire Blattner in September of 2021 and we have prudently taken these risks into consideration for our full year 2022 guidance. We also believe Quanta’s and Blattner’s market leading position, scope and scale and technology and geographic diversity, positions the company to manage through times of uncertainty. That said, we reiterate that we did not acquire Blattner for 2022. The addition of Blattner’s utility scale renewable generation solutions to Quanta’s existing holistic grid solutions transforms our ability to collaborate early with our customers their energy transition strategies over the coming decades, which we believe creates a value proposition unique to the industry. We are increasingly confident in our strategy to position Quanta as the infrastructure solutions leader in the energy transition. We are pleased with the performance of our underground utility and infrastructure solution segment, which delivered strong revenue growth and profitability in the quarter. In particular, our industrial services operations executed well and are experiencing strong demands as a global economy continues to recover and two years of pent up demand from deferred maintenance and capital spending resumes. We also continue to experience solid demand for our gas, utility and pipeline integrity services, which are driven by regulated spend to modernized systems, reduce methane emissions, ensure environmental compliance and improve safety and reliability. Looking through the coming years, we continue to see emerging opportunities for Quanta’s underground utility and infrastructure solution operations playing evolving and increasing role with customers as they increasingly pursue strategies to reduce their carbon footprint and diversify their operations and assets towards greener business opportunities. As we discussed in detail a month ago during our 2022 Investor Day in New York City, Quanta is successfully executing on strategic initiatives to drive operational excellence, total cost solutions for our clients, profitable growth and value for our stakeholders. Our strategic initiatives, uniquely position us to not only capitalize on the mega trends, but also enhance our customer relationships and market positioning. As a result, we are able to collaborate with our clients to execute their capital deployment plans, even during challenging conditions like the ones we face today, including supply chain, inflation, COVID-19 and regulatory uncertainties. These dynamics are not easy to navigate, but we expect to continue to successfully manage through them. It is during these times that Quanta demonstrates its resilience, which we believe shows the strength of our operation’s portfolio, strategic initiatives and platform of solutions. Furthermore, we are developing new solutions throughout the supply chain, which we believe will be a differentiator and will expand our customer base. We believe the glass out full and see these challenges as opportunities for us to take strategic actions, to further differentiate our solutions and mitigate risk for our company and our customers. Quanta is a portfolio of exceptional companies with geographic and service line diversity. We are anchored by our commitment to cross skill labor and our self-performed capabilities and remain dedicated to growing and enhancing our portfolios services, which strengthens our ability to capture more of a customer’s large programmatic spending programs and to operate in a responsible and sustainable way, while maintaining a strong financial profile. Looking to the medium- and long-term as energy transition and carbon reduction initiatives accelerate, we believe the infrastructure investment and renewable generation necessary to support these initiatives are still in early stages of deployment. And that this is arguably the most exciting time in Quanta’s history. We have profitably grown the company and executed well and expect to continue to do so. Demand for services is robust across our portfolio and driven by long-term visible and resilient energy transition, and technology enablement, mega trends. We are confident in the strategic initiatives. We are executing on the competitive position we have in the marketplace and our position – positive multiyear outlook. As a result, we believe Quanta has built a platform with the opportunity to deliver a 10% organic adjusted earnings per share CAGR and a strategy with the opportunity to deliver a 15% or better adjusted EPS CAGR through 2026. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class build leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta space business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta’s diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of our first quarter results and 2022 expectations. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced record first quarter revenues of $4 billion. Net income attributable to commerce stock was $85 million or $0.57 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure was a record for the first quarter at $1.37. Our electric power revenues were $2.1 billion, a quarterly record and a 28% increase from compared to the first quarter of 2021. This increase is primarily due to growth in spending by our utility customers on grid modernization resulting in increased demand for our electric power services, as well as approximately $75 million in revenues attributable to required businesses. Electric segment operating income margins in 1Q 2022 are 9.5%, a 30 basis point improvement compared to 9.2% in 1Q 2021. However, margins were slightly impacted during the quarter for certain Canadian projects due to substantial COVID delays. That said our U.S. electric operations continued to perform well delivering another double-digit quarter. Also included within our electric segment, our communications operations, which delivered mid-single digit margins during the quarter, and remain on track for upper-single digit margins for the year. Renewable energy infrastructure segment revenues for 1Q 2022 were $876 million a substantial increase from 1Q 2021, primarily due to $470 million in revenues attributable to required businesses. Operating income margins in 1Q 2022 were 8% in line with our expectations for the quarter, but lower than the 11.8% in 1Q 2021, due to the change in the mix of work as a result of the acquisitions and due to normal project variability. Underground utility and infrastructure segment revenues were $951 million for the quarter, 48% higher than 1Q 2021, reflecting increased levels of activity across all of our segment operations. Operating income margins for the segment were 5.1%, 370 basis points higher than 1Q 2021. The margin improvement was largely due to the increase in revenues and improved performance from our industrial operations with COVID-related headwinds previously impacting these operations, largely absent in this segment for 1Q 2022. One below the line item I want to mention is our 1Q 2022 other income and expense. As I mentioned last quarter, we hold an investment in a fixed wireless broadband technology provider. Then the March of 2022 became Starry Group Holdings, Inc., a publicly traded company at which point our interest became a common equity interest in the publicly traded company. We re-measured the fair value of this investment based on the market price of the publicly traded company stock as of March 31, 2022, which resulted in the recognition of an unrealized loss at $8.4 million during the quarter. The value of this investment must be mark-to-market at each quarter and as long as this investment is held. On a non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share and adjusted EBITDA basis, we’ve removed the unrealized loss associated with this investment for the quarter and plan to continue adjusting our non-GAAP measures for mark-to-market volatility in future periods. Our total backlog was a record $20.5 billion at the end of the first quarter. Additionally, 12 month backlog of $11.5 billion also represents a quarterly record. Although, backlog includes some nice project awards during the first quarter, our backlog growth continues to be driven primarily by multi-year MSA programs of North American utilities, which we believe reinforces the repeatable and sustainable nature of the largest portion of our revenues and earnings. As expected for the first quarter of 2022, we had negative free cash flow and non-GAAP measure of $16 million compared to $49 million of positive free cash flow in 1Q 2021. Net cash provided by operating activities during the first quarter of 2022 was lower due to higher revenues and corresponding increases in working capital demands compared to 1Q 2021. Day sales outstanding or DSO measured 80 days for the first quarter of 2022, a decrease of nine days compared to the first quarter of 2021 and the same as year-end. The decrease from 1Q 2021 was primarily due to the favorable impact of the acquisition of Blattner, which has traditionally had a lower DSO than certain of our other larger operating companies. This positive impact was partially offset by continued elevated working capital requirements associated with two large Canadian transmission projects, driving an increase in contract assets, which we’ve discussed in prior quarters. Both projects were incrementally impacted by COVID during the first quarter, increasing our change order positions. In total, the amounts being pursued are currently impacting DSOs by as much as four to five days. However, one of those projects reached substantial completion during the first quarter and we expect those contract assets to be billed and collected over the remainder of the year. As of March 31, 2022, we have total liquidity of approximately $2 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.3 as calculated under our credit agreement. We expect continued earnings growth and cash generation to support our ability to efficiently delever over the following quarters, while continuing to create shareholder values through our dividend and repurchase programs, as well as strategic acquisitions. Through the date of this earnings release, we’ve required approximately $21 million worth of stock since the beginning of the year, as part of our repurchase program and we continue to evaluate potential acquisitions that fit our strategic objectives. Turning to guidance, I’m pleased with the start to our year and have little change for our overall expectations for 2022. We now expect electric power revenues to range between $8.3 billion and $8.4 billion with margin expectations unchanged ranging between 10.7% and 11.3%. Similarly, we’re increasing our underground revenue expectations to range between $4.1 billion and $4.3 billion with margins expected to range between 6.5% and 7.5% consistent with our previous expectations. Our renewable segment revenue expectations are unchanged. However, with the uncertainty on project timing attributable to potential supply chain disruptions, we have widened our operating margin range a bit to 8.5% and 9%. We believe these dynamics are short-term in nature and the opportunity to overcome them and deliver margins at our original 9% level and above continues to exist. Additionally, higher interest rates on our variable rate debt are resulting in increased interest expense for the year, which we now expect to range between $113 million and $117 million for the year. In the aggregate, our consolidated expectations for adjusted EPS and adjusted EBITDA remain unchanged for the year, reflecting the strength of our portfolio. For additional information, please refer to our outlet summary, which can be found in the Financial Info section of our IR website at quantaservices.com. From a long-term perspective, as we laid out in April at our Investor Day, the tailwinds behind our end markets and our industry-leading solutions present management with the opportunity to deliver significant shareholder value through organic growth and strategic capital deployment through 2026 and beyond. And speaking of management, as we disclosed in today’s additional release, I’m pleased to announce my plan transition from the role of Chief Financial Officer to the new role of Executive Vice President of Business Operations, transitioning into the role of Chief Financial Officer is Jayshree Desai. Jayshree has been a valuable partner to me and Duke and all of our leadership teams since she joined the organization in 2020. And she is well suited to guide our financial organization going forward. It has been the highlight of my career to service Quanta’s Chief Financial Officer over the last 10 years. As the longest standing employee of Quanta, I’ve spent almost half my life helping to lead our financial organization and support our world-class operating leadership. I’m incredibly excited to continue supporting our strategic growth within the different capacity going forward. I’ll now turn the call back over to Duke for closing remarks.
Duke Austin: Thanks Derrick. Before going to Q&A, I wanted to thank and recognize Derrick for his many years of continued dedication to Quanta and for his partnership. This is a purposeful transition and is a role that will enhance our ability to reach our targets. I’m grateful Derrick embraced and led this transition and look forward to driving operations together. It is congratulations today, but maybe condolences later. I also want to congratulate Jayshree on her new role as CFO. She has been a great addition to our senior leadership team. I am excited about Quanta’s future and look forward to working closely with Derrick and Jayshree and their new roles. With that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ian MacPherson from Piper Sandler. Go ahead, Ian.
Ian MacPherson: Thanks. Good morning, team. Congratulations, Derrick and Jayshree on your new postings. And I guess Duke, what I wanted to ask first was I thought the mix of your backlog was a pretty interesting here for the quarter especially the accelerated growth and backlog for renewables and for underground. And I wanted to get your perspective on maybe what the drivers were there in Q1 and what your outlook is for relative growth across your three verticals over the foreseeable timeframe this year.
Duke Austin: Yes, thank you. When we look at the business, we do look at it as a portfolio and I – we saw broad base growth across all segments. Sometimes the backlog within the segment’s lumpy a bit, but the continued MSA growth from our base business on both gas, electric telecom, as well as renewables continues. And I don’t see that stopping and we continue to see inbound calls daily on capital spends and how can we help on a programmatic way? So the company is in a really good position and I do believe backlog will grow, continue to grow. And we’ve talked about the growth of the company on a EPS basis. So we stand by.
Ian MacPherson: That’s fine. I mean I think we probed a little bit at the Analyst Day around maybe the sensitivities for REIS bookings this year, given tariff uncertainty. And you’d spoke to the flexibility of the large operators across their portfolios as well, in terms of developing solar, wind and storage, at sort of flexible cadences maybe. And I guess the tariff issue is still very much up in the air, but have you seen a more of a surge in rotating some CapEx towards the wind side in the front half of this year? Or is that a – maybe a misperception on my part?
Duke Austin: I mean the tariff commentary is valid and it’s out there. So we – let’s address it. When we talk about Blattner, we talk about the acquisition, we talk about megawatts, gigawatts and it’s still the same. It’s megawatt, gigawatts that we can change with our customers. It’s much like MSAs and the larger customers we can flex to wind. We can flex the solar. We can flex the batteries. The segment is much bigger than just Blattner. It does have all – some of our larger transmission projects in it as well. We really like our positioning in these type of markets. It allows us to collaborate and provide solutions to the client, which ultimately puts us in a different position than others with the scale of the company. So in saying that with times of we’ve been through a pandemic, we’ve been through many, many things and through this company’s existence, and we’ve continued to provide those solutions back to the client, collaborate that’s who we are that’s who Blattner is. And we continue to be positive – incrementally positive about the markets. That said, look, it’s – solar is up in the air due to the tariff. And I do think it’s – we’ve got incrementally positive news as this memos continue to come out. We believe that ultimately the energy transition is happening. Solar will be a big piece of that as well as wind and batteries. So that’s said long-term, the demand is outpaces anything and any kind of movement you would have and solar would go into 2023, 2024 build. So we stand by our 2022 guidance that we’ve given on Blattner $2.5 billion and stand by – continue standby with the tariff, without a tariff and the future is just continues to get better.
Ian MacPherson: All right. Well, thank you very much. Appreciate that perspective.
Duke Austin: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sean Eastman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Go ahead, Sean.
Sean Eastman: Hi team, thanks for taking my questions. So nice start to the year. It does appear that you guys are running ahead of schedule relative to that more or less intact, full year guidance. So I know you guys are going to hate this one, but what should we take away from that? Is it that the balance of the year? Is now softer or more variable? Or is it that we can kind of consider the rest of the year having more cushion after this strong first quarter? How would you frame that?
Duke Austin: Sean, as always, I think we take a prudent approach to our guidance and with three months into a year and was certainly some regulatory impacts and things of that nature that we see. So that supply chains everything else, I just – we didn’t feel like it’s prudent to step into, let’s raise guidance, let’s get out there on this. We took a prudent approach to it, hit it down the middle. Can we beat it? Should we beat it? Are we striving to beat it? Yes. But that said, there’s factors out of our control that are out there that we want to be prudent about it. And I do believe we’ve hit the guidance number and what we thought for the year, right down the middle and opportunities to beat it as well. And there’s a range in there that we stood by. So I like where we sit. I do think it’s nice to come out and have a strong first quarter, but again, you had some pull in a bit from the second and as well as strength to the later half. So we’ve got to deliver on the backside of it. It’s third and fourth quarter, always our biggest quarter. So that’s where the bulk of earnings power is. And we need to make sure that over the next three or four months, it sets the way it should and I believe it will.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Thanks for that, Duke. And clearly, there’s some noise around solar development pipelines and timing there, but I’m just curious as you look out over the balance of this year and into next year, what you’re seeing from sort of a CapEx toggling perspective? Are you seeing evidence that – those capital dollars that would’ve gone into solar over the next 12, 24 months are kind of actively pivoting to T&D wind battery? What are you seeing there even just anecdotally, that’d be interesting?
Duke Austin: I mean, I think if they pivot to any of those markets, we’re in a great place. So those pivots allow us to be extremely flexible with the client. And it says much about who we are and what we continue to say is our skeleton scope and flexibility along megawatts, gigawatts and renewables, as well as our T&D infrastructure is why we believe that the Blattner acquisition really puts us in the forefront of this energy transition, exactly your commentary and the portfolio that we built as a company allows the growth and the growth platform, even in an environment like this. As I said in the script, the glass is not full for us and we just need to deliver the solutions to the client.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Thanks, Duke. I’ll turn it over there. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. Go ahead, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone. Congratulations, Duke and Derrick. Duke, can you give us more color into the drivers of your electric power organic growth in the quarter in the low 20% range? It seemed like a material step up from where you’ve been. I know you mentioned, just more general spend on grid modernization. But did you see that large U.S. transmission project one last quarter start to ramp up? Or is this really just a pickup in sort of your MSA spend that all of your customers are within their existing contracts, increasing their level of spend given the environment?
Duke Austin: I mean the larger project we discussed last quarter is in a renewable segment. So it’s not a part of the electric segment. The overall company, if you look at organic growth basis, it’s up 23% year-over-year. So I do think we’re doing the right things. Do I think that’s sustainable? No. And we’ve talked about the growth rates that we believe are possible within the company. And look, we’ve got a good head start on growth rates with the kind of a 23% organic growth. That said, we still will be treated about how we talk about the growth. We have done some things that allow us to organically grow this company meaningfully through our colleges and the way that we put kids in the field, young ones in the field. And I do think our safety records, the way we work with the client on the capital spends and collaborate will ultimately allow us to get those growth rates. We just – I think you can see it in the electric segment, the MSAs are getting bigger. We talked about the mega trends that are out there around EV, the hardening in the west, it continues up and down the west coast as well as over in the storm prone areas. So we’re in a good spot and we continue to try to work with a client on their capital budgets.
Andy Kaplowitz: And Duke, you only – you had a modest change some renewables margin that you mentioned, to 8.5% to 9% – from 9%. It doesn’t seem like a big change in the context of – what seems like a pretty difficult supply chain environment for your customers. So maybe just talk about sort of the confidence level. I know that you’ve talked about Blattner being sort of best in class and maybe that sort of what keeps you there and keeps you at high levels of margin, but just talk about the confidence level to achieve those margins this year.
Duke Austin: I mean, I think we stand by the numbers and when we – 8.5% to 9%, we really floored it and it gave you more variable. And I honestly – we’re shooting for the top end of that. And the company strives to beat those margins and believe we can operate in double digits over time and we’ll. So that said, I mean, I do believe we’re in unprecedented times around supply chains and terrorists and wars and pandemics that we’re still working through, but ultimately as we work with supply chains, it makes us a better company in understanding the verticals of the total cost of our projects. So that said, I do believe – as I said, the glasses have full, we’re working with our clients on supply chains. We’ve had to sequence work differently, do things differently than we ever have, but that’s who we are. That’s what we’re trying to do with the client to make sure that the ultimate project is a success for us and the customers. So we’re doing those things, I like what we said.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate it, Duke.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer from Thompson, Davis. Go ahead, Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning guys. Derrick, sorry to see you go, enjoyed working with you. Congratulations, Jayshree. Hey, one of the things that stood out to me in the first quarter was the high operating margin in underground. Can you comment on that? And was there any thought to raising the margin guidance for the year for underground?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, the first quarter, I mean, we’ve anticipated, we were going to see an uptake, right? I mean, the biggest portion of pressure and underground over the last few years has been a COVID related in the industrial portion of it. As we came into 22, we anticipated, we were going to be largely past that. You’re seeing that typically the underground – all of our segments typically have lower margins in the first quarter and most specifically in the underground group, but combination of coming on the other side of that industrial at a nice quarter. And then we did do some larger pipeline work as well, contributing. Good strong performance. When we think about the margins there, we’re continuing to feel comfortable. We can see that up in the 7% range for 2022. And our longer term continue to see improve in our minds more towards that further upper single digit.
Duke Austin: I want to also say Derrick not going anywhere, but that being said…
Adam Thalhimer: Well, he won’t be on the call…
Duke Austin: You never know. We’ve worked together a long time. So I would say, he’ll be around. That said, the portfolio of the company we’ve talked about in commented on it many times. And we’ve said that if we start doing more underground, we’ll get operating leverage. We’re starting to see that come through on some of the gas margins, because if you’re operating leverage on electric and your offices in the field, and you’ll continue to see that to – going to get in those upper single digs, that’s what we’re striving for.
Adam Thalhimer: Great. And then the other thing that struck me was zero acquisitions in the quarter. I’m not sure I’ve ever seen that. Can you just talk about your M&A outlook?
Duke Austin: I think we’ve always said that you have quarters that are – we have five, I believe in the fourth quarter, so it probably moves. And again, we’re inquisitive. We look at companies, family businesses all the time. We see the right ones we lean in. I don’t – there’s nothing to think about it. We’re not out looking, but we do have holes in regions. We do have things we would like to do as a company, we either organically grow it or look at acquisitions, not to signal a thing. It’s the same process we’ve used over the last six years. And we’ll continue to do so.
Adam Thalhimer: Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Dudas from Vertical Research. Go ahead, Michael.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Kip, Duke, and well done, Derrick.
Derrick Jensen: Thank you.
Michael Dudas: Duke, just two thoughts, one lot of activities, certainly given high natural gas prices here and abroad. Any observations on what the activity in the Gulf Coast and some of the LNG opportunities? And what your customers on industrial side, are they feeling much better? Are they moving through that deferred maintenance backlog pretty quickly. And then on the communication side, it seems like things are working in a good measure there. Are the opportunities and some of the workflow again, should start to accelerate as some of the 5G issues we’ve been reading about start to alleviate. Thanks.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks Mike. The industrial base, we talked about it before, when it was back in 2008, 2009 and they came out of it 2011, 2012, 2013. It was really kind of robust. I think you’ll see that that those type of numbers coming through here. There’s some capital projects for your plastics coming in online, big capital projects along the Gulf Coast, as well as LNG, so all those things provide opportunities for us around really every one of our service lines on the industrial side. So we’re excited about those. And I do think we’ve said all along, we have a great management team that really understands markets and position us quite well to take advantage of these opportunities as the market changes. So like our positioning as always, we stayed with it. We really work at that even when it causes a little bit of margin degradation. We keep our people, we work through them and make sure that we’re lean as well as and capture the opportunities that we see in the industrial space, which we do. As far as communications, it’s a robust market. The technology changes daily. I do believe we see more carriers working together around fiber, around high band – high bandwidth type scenarios. And so I do think that will ultimately drive the macro market for the foreseeable future, or certainly around our wireless capabilities. We’ve invested there, we’re working on that vertical as well as many others. So we sit nicely, we talked about $700 million plus this year in telecom, we stand by that and the margins are improving. Got a nice start here for the year, we like where we’re going.
Michael Dudas: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Go ahead, Brent.
Brent Thielman: Great. Thank you. All the best as well, Derrick. I guess, first question just on the underground business. It looked like – looked to me like a big jump in the total backlog, just first the 12 month backlog quarter-over-quarter. Just wondering what was driving that. Did you pick up some sort of longer-term capital projects, anything to read into there?
Duke Austin: No, I mean, I list some opportunities in Canada. We took advantage of, we talked about that before on the large pipe side and some of that came through as well as just in general, our backlog there on the MSAs. And I do think it’ll continue to grow and our industrial base has moved upward and we’ll continue to do so in that segment.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Appreciate that. And Duke the slide deck mentioned it, and it seems like utilities are talking more and more about it at least, but the hydrogen blending just among gas utilities. I mean, what kinds of opportunities could come from that per quanta? How do you play a role in terms of affecting that?
Duke Austin: I mean, I think we’re right in the middle of that in front of it. In fact, we see unique opportunities there it’s early. But there is some blending going on. We’re seeing some – one of our partners in Canada, I saw an announcement yesterday on some hydrogen blending there around buses and other things that are out there. So you’re starting to see that as a fuel source. You’ll continue – I believe, continue to see that as part of the solution on the transition and we’re right in front of that. So I like what we said.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Rigel from B. Riley. Go ahead, Alex.
Alex Rigel: Thank you and very nice quarter gentlemen. Couple quick questions. First as it relates to EV charging stations, can you quantify the annual revenue opportunity of this business either, over the next year, over the next couple years? And what the margin profile of that could look like?
Duke Austin: It’s difficult for us to say exactly what the way we see that working out, because couple things, one is we want to participate on the larger scale, high voltage charging – larger scale charging station. So to say what that number is, I’m not – I’d be remiss at this point. It’s not – it will drive the business, it’s not something that is a billion dollar type number. I don’t believe. So we’ll see. That said, what’s behind it on the grid is, I believe, probably one of the bigger drivers that we’ll ever see and will ultimately change the security and almost rebuild it in many ways on the distribution networks. As well as when you start moving back and load the distribution networks, you’re also loading back on your transmission throughout. So, I do believe that incremental fact is what we see more so. But we’ll take advantage of our partnerships with the OEMs as well as the batteries, the way we can scale and our program on expense and capture as much of that spend as we can, but it does set us up to do other things as well the size charging in a programmatic way, which we like a lot.
Alex Rigel: And then as it relates to the telecom business, how has the backlog changed over the last quarter or so? And how do you think backlog could change between now and year-end?
Duke Austin: We paced the backlog. I mean, it’s up quarter-over-quarter. It continues to look better. The markets are better. We’ve been prudent about how we – how we’ve taken backlog and what kind of backlog we have on a go-forward basis due to the fact that. When we started, we got some larger projects that obviously weighed down a bit and we’ve said it before, I’ll say it again, we need to get ourselves upwards in some margins to double-digit margins at parity with the electric segment, and we can and will. So that said, we’ll take advantage of those opportunities in the cities that we’re dense in as well as some of the wireless capabilities that we have now and obviously, our investment in Star and that technology, we’re excited about and how we look at that in a programmatic way.
Derrick Jensen: Against to year-end, backlog is relatively flat. It’s about $1.2 billion, but it’s continued to grow throughout from a year ago into today for certain.
Alex Rigel: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Go ahead, Jamie.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Congrats on quarter and promotions. I guess my first question. The margins in electric power were a little lighter. I know you talked about the projects in Canada and COVID, but any way you can quantify that? And then it also struck me, you maintained your margin guidance despite that. So if the underlying business, the profitability is trending better than your expectations? And then second, underground and utility had better margins than I expected, which doesn’t usually happen. I understand a lot of that stronghold, but any way you can parse out what’s stronghold versus what the – how the profitability of the rest of the business is trending? Thank you.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, Jamie. So, we had anticipated to have a lower margin than the electric power in this quarter, right? And when we talked about being around 10% in our original guidance, came in about that 9.5% overall. That is largely influenced by the Canadian work. The U.S. margins were effectively double-digit. Telecom did quite well, although that’s slightly dilutive overall, but still well. But it’s just that COVID dynamic that we leaned into in those two projects. We’re trying to take a conservative approach. We feel like we have every reason to solve, we have recoverability there, but the Canadian weather type dynamic is press it. You saw Canada in kind of almost a clearly a low single-digit even breakeven type dynamic associated with those two projects, but are largely driven by those two projects. But that’s quarterly only. It doesn’t relate to any about the overall profitability for the year. Continue to quite confident in our ability to execute to the risk of electric power through the year, giving us confidence that actually, like you said, to reiterate the overall margin guidance for electric power. Underground, we had commented implicitly that we thought that coming out of a COVID environment, that the underground group would be able to be back into a margin profile closer to that 7% type range for the year. And it’s really that lower first quarter dynamic that we’ve always seen in the underground associated with the seasonality. But that second, third and fourth quarter continues to see the ability to have that higher margin profile averaging against it, getting it into that annual margin perspective. Industrial was a nice contributor to the first quarter, but honestly, across the board, we saw solid margins for the first quarter for the remainder of the group as well.
Duke Austin: I like to add a little bit to you. We’re on-boarding quite a few people, and I do think your on-boarding and also re-sequencing some work. It certainly just a bit, but we don’t see that on a go-forward basis and have ourselves set up nicely for the rest of the year.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you. Congrats again.
Operator: And our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead Neil.
Neil Mehta: Good morning team and congrats on the promotions in the quarter here. The first question was related to the current labor market conditions. As it pertains to Quanta’s ability to scale up for higher activity over the next couple of years, has labor market tightness start to wane a bit? Or is it still an elevated headwind in the industry broadly? And then how do you think about your own competitive advantage as you have an advantage capability as it relates to labor relative to some of your competitors?
Duke Austin: I mean, we’re up 9,000 year-over-year employees. So, I do think we have the ability to scale that significantly with the colleges with what we’ve done and what we’ve invested in cross-skill labor, which is the core of this business. It really allows us to not only train, but getting the fill faster and we like a tight labor market in many ways. It separates us for the investments that we do put into our safety and our training, so I like it. We’re in good shape. And I do think we can grow with the markets as we see them and work with our clients on our capital spends.
Neil Mehta: The follow-up is just around Blattner. It’s been a couple of months now since that’s been brought into the portfolio. We spent some time talking about the uncertainty on solar development. But could you talk about cultural integration, how you’re feeling about the achievability around targets as well from a financial perspective. And has it effect – has it impacted your ability in your go-to-market to your customers to have a more comprehensive platform?
Duke Austin: I think when you look at the pandemic, the war, the – everything that you hear and maybe you’ve heard and you see where we’re at in results and how we’re moving forward and reiterating guidance on Blattner as well as the company. We sit in the very forefront of the synergy transition. Blattner made us better and it allows us to have a different conversation around the transition on a go-forward basis for many, many years to come. I think they made us better to culturally, they’re very much – you could take a mirror and look and you would see Quanta on the balance of plant renewable solar it’s megawatts, gigawatts and I say dialogue with their clients, flexibility, scale, everything you’d want and our ability to think differently and differentiate in markets that are, in many ways, hype from supply chain as well as regulatory effects. We can certainly be flexible. So that’s a different discussion. It’s something that we can provide to the client that separates Quanta even better than we were before.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Duke.
Operator: And our next question comes from Noelle Dilts from Stifel. Go ahead, Noelle.
Noelle Dilts: Hi and thank you for taking my question. First, I just wanted to go back to labor a little bit and maybe ask a question from a slightly different perspective. But I know that given your majority union labor, particularly on the electrical side, you have visibility into wage increases. But I’m just curious if you could comment sort of on what you’re seeing from a trend perspective in terms of wages within T&D. And again, if you could revisit the visibility you have into those increases. Thanks.
Duke Austin: And it usually runs 3% to 5%, so I would say the upper end of that at this point, you’re seeing 5% type increases across the board, some more in certain areas, but that’s relatively below what we see and what we plan for as well. And I do think when we look at it, that’s in many ways for us to see that – to see it coming a long time ago and allows a different conversation. We do have resources, Canadian resources and other ways that we can look at labor. So how we go about it, how we think the work and work plans will matter on a go forward basis. It separates Quanta, our ability in the field to think differently and differentiate in these markets are something that we like.
Noelle Dilts: Sure. Okay, great. And then kind of recognizing your – what all of your guidance commentary already on the Blattner. I was just – I’m just trying to get a better sense of like how to think about if we’re seeing delays yet if MYR Group came out and kind of talked about the amount of work that they’ve seen that’s pushed a little bit to the right. I don’t know if you could comment on if you’re seeing delays today. I guess what I’m trying to think about is if we do see some projects kind of put on pause, does that hit more in the third quarter and the fourth quarter because a lot of the channels for the projects that are happening now have already been sourced. Could you just talk about the timing and sort of what you’re looking for as you think about the range of potential outcomes this year? Thanks.
Duke Austin: No, I think the difference is, I’ve said this before, is we’re doing in 30, 40, 50 type projects, utility scale type projects on a given day. So where we couldn’t really think of if we have a certain amount of customers that we work with, we can certainly broaden our customer base out and provide the same type of service that we have to our other customers. And the inbound calls are certainly exponential without – if we had any gap. So we feel good about the guidance. We feel good about where we’re at. We have the ability to get to win solar battery or largely that segment is made up of much more than just wind, solar, battery and we have long-haul transmission interconnections, all kinds of things. And as a portfolio, we continue to believe we’re in a really good spot for this transition, and it has not impacted Blattner or Quanta at this point.
Noelle Dilts: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from Justin Hauke from Baird. Go ahead, Justin.
Justin Hauke: Yes. Hi. Good morning and I guess since we’re all congratulating, Derrick, I’ll ask a question here for you. But I was just curious you talked about the unapproved change orders on the Canadian jobs. The balance last quarter is $370 million, and that’s up from it has been pretty steady to $150 million. So I guess I’m just curious what’s the balance as of today? And then how much of your $650 million to $850 million guidance for the year is kind of conditional on getting those cleared this year?
Duke Austin: Yes. So the balance you’re making reference to is the 10-Q disclosure, which includes more than just the changeovers associated with these projects. That’s an aggregate disclosure. That number is going to grow a little bit, it exceed $400 million at this stage in the game as an aggregate disclosure. I made reference to the specifics of these – unique to these two projects being about the four to five day impact to DSO. So it is the majority of those balances, but it is not all of those balances. And then I’ll tell you that we do believe that one of the positions is something that we’ll be looking to build. That project is as reach substantial completion, we’ll be looking to bill and settle that within 2022, the other project will actually continue on into 2023 and even 2024 of that. So I think that you’ll see some of that cash flow drift into there. Relative to the overall cash flow guidance for the year, the one that we – as I commented to that we look to be building this year that is included as part of the 2022 cash flow guidance.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, Duke. I would say on the Canadian projects, when we think about it, longstanding customers on both projects, we’re working with them. Many of the things that were anticipated at the start, such as your pandemics. The way that we build, the way that they building milestones, all those different things, the pandemics certainly impacted those things as well. So we’re working with the client now on cash flows and things of that nature. We do not see any issues with that and we’ll continue to collaborate there to get paid and ultimately, I believe both will be good projects.
Justin Hauke: Okay. Okay. That’s helpful. I guess, the other one I have here, and I know this is kind of a moving target, but of the $3 billion of the renewable segment backlog. Can you quantify how much of that is solar projects? How much is wind? How much is battery? Just any color you can give on kind of the breakdown of that as it stands today.
Duke Austin: I can, but I’m not. And so one thing about that, what I would say is, your LNTPs like your limited notice to proceed. I think we’re stacking the LNTPs a bit too on a go forward basis, because of the unknowns in many areas of commodities [indiscernible] so I do believe your backlog will be always be a little bit lumpier, but you’re seeing exponential. So our exponential negotiation verbal awards in LNTPs is much larger than it’s been over many years. So you will see that come in and if it doesn’t go in 2022, it’s going to go in 2023, 2024. So it’s just building in many ways. And we still reiterate 2022 – reiterate guidance. We took that further approach to start with, our dialogues with the customers is fantastic. How we’re working with supply chains, how we’re working with them on sequencing variability, our ability to move and scale, I think is there. And it’s more about how do we do all the work in 2023 and 2024 more so than learn about 2022 at this point. That’s the way we see it.
Justin Hauke: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS. Go ahead, Steven.
Steven Fisher: Thanks and add my congratulations on the role changes and just to continue this discussion on the renewable side. It seems very clear that you think you could change your mix fairly seamlessly within Blattner. To the extent, it’s needed. I guess I’m curious, how do you factor the supply chain situation into that seamlessness? Like if you needed to shift to wind, is there enough lead time with the supply chain to manage that within 2022? And then I guess, related how varied is the response from your customer base in terms of when the solar impact might be, is it more – is it consistently, this is a 2022 uncertainty or is this maybe more 2023 uncertainty?
Duke Austin: Steve, primarily talking about panels. So there’s a lot of different things you can do around balance of plant besides panels. So some of them is re-sequencing, some of it’s moving, when some of it’s repowering, there’s many things – someones moving into T&D. We can do all kinds of different aspects of these transitions within the energy space and even in the renewable segment. So our concerns, we work – is to work with the client to make sure anything that gets pushed into 2022, 2023, we have the ability to deliver. And that’s the bigger concern is making sure that we have that capacity, as well as what’s ongoing in 2022, we felt comfortable when we gave guidance. It was down a bit from the three plus that had been done with Blattner. We said that from the start, we felt like the supply chain would push a bit on it and it did. So that said, it’s reiterated. We believe we have every ability to work through the supply chain aspects, as well as the tariff. And every day, the tariff gets a little bit clearer. And I do think that it’s short term, because of the way that the memos are coming out. The things that we see are incrementally positive around crystal ones and things of that nature. I don’t want to get into weeds on it, but I do believe that it’s better. And you can’t get to where you want to go in this transition without clearing these things up for the developer for ultimately the utility customer, which in many ways, your energy, your geopolitics around energy, your renewable certainly is a piece of that that would clear some of that up.
Steven Fisher: Got it. And then it seems like there’s some momentum building on the pipeline piece of the business. I’m just curious where you see the biggest opportunities forming based on your customer discussions? Is it more things in Canada, you mentioned the big booking there earlier this year? Or is it the U.S.? Is it maybe traditional oil and gas? Or is it the carbon capture? Where is the biggest momentum building on the pipeline piece?
Duke Austin: I think we’re working with the client on their – the way that they view carbon-free, the way that they’re transitioning to a cleaner fuels and how we’re going to use pipe through LNG, all those kind of different aspects of it. So we’re working with them quite a bit on what I would consider their profiles around the carbon environment. So you will see carbon frustration. You’ll see hydrogen blending. You’ll see LNG pipe. We’ve said it all along, we’ll be around the edges on that. Our Canadian business is going well today. I do think Lower 48 has some what I would consider opportunities, and we’ll stay on the front side of that. But the portfolio itself, our LDC business, our industrial business, the way that we’re moving what I would consider typical gas type resources over indel. Later is certainly something that we’re doing and doing it well. So we’re pleased.
Steven Fisher: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Go ahead Chad.
Charles Dillard: Hi, good morning guys.
Duke Austin: Good morning Charles.
Charles Dillard: So I want to go back to your EV charging opportunities that you talked about earlier on the call. So how differentiated is the programmatic approach that you guys are taking versus your competition? And then just in terms of customers, I have to imagine that you’re expanding a little bit beyond the utility customers that you typically service. And I just want to understand go-to-market approach with these guys? And then lastly, just margins for EV charging, how does it compare versus your broader electric power segment?
Duke Austin: When you look at EV charging, either from the OEM or from the charters theirselves as a business, it’s certainly early. And I do think you’re starting to see battery manufacturing, you’re starting to see your OEMs move all towards batteries and probably, in my mind, much quicker than anyone anticipated. That said, the charging stations or high-voltage charging stations need to go quicker. And as you start to move into bigger vehicles, such as your trucks, your heavy-duty trucks, we’ve signed a partnership with GM to the west on battery Silverados. We’ve done a lot of things internally. So we’re very close to the OEMs on what they’re doing and believe that charging is here. It’s coming quicker than thought and our ability to work with the utilities on how we build out that infrastructure is something that we sit right on the front of, and I do believe it provides significant opportunity not only for the charging station itself, but also on the backside of your grid and which is even what I’ve said before, exponential in nature. So the opportunities there, how we – they are smaller projects, so you couldn’t go do a one-off project in every city, it doesn’t make sense. So you need a program to really for us to really scale it. And I do think those programs are large in nature and where we have density around the country, we’re able to do these smaller type projects with the underground groups that we have. So lots of that makes sense for us, and we’ll take advantage of those markets.
Charles Dillard: Great. And then just a second question, just going back to the two Canadian projects with change orders. How big of a margin drag is baked in here your guidance for those projects?
Duke Austin: I don’t think when you see those projects, it’s more cash drags than anything. It’s just cash flows. And obviously, Canada is lower than the – we took a prudent approach to it because we need to execute the contingencies, but that said, I mean, it’s Canada’s down from Lower 48 a bit. When you look at the margin profile, so it’s always been that way. It’s not something that’s new.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, which is just the broader aspect of what we see from a Canada perspective versus what’s happening unique gross margin in those projects the projects put a little bit of margin pressure in this quarter because we dealt with some conservatism relative to the new COVID impact, but the projects themselves are profitable and nice projects.
Duke Austin: We’re able to pursue those resources in Lower 48 as well.
Charles Dillard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our Q&A. I would now like to turn it over to management for any closing remarks.
Duke Austin: Yes, I want to thank Derrick for really standing by me as a partnership for the last six years as CFO, and it will be bounty in his new role. So I’m looking forward to working with Jayshree’s exceptional and she’ll do a great job as CFO and as a team. We have a solid management team. The men and women in the field and what they’re doing on a daily basis and they Quanta. So we’re excited about it. We’re excited where we’re going. We appreciate what they do, and I want to thank you all for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Kip Rupp: Thank you and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2021 results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2022 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning.  Additionally, we will use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 24, 2022. And therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts.  Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release, along with the company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website.  You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made about any third party -- by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary and will then turn it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a review of our fourth quarter results and full year 2022 financial expectations. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported strong fourth quarter results, which complete another year of solid, safe execution, profitable growth. These results were built off a strong operational and financial platform and we believe demonstrates the dedication of the best employees in the industry.  Our portfolio of companies, diversity of service lines and field leadership has allowed us to endure the uncertainties and challenges presented by the global pandemic over the past couple of years while still delivering four consecutive years of record adjusted EBITDA and five consecutive years of record adjusted earnings per share. We accomplished a great deal in 2021 through the successful implementation of our strategic initiatives, and our past success positions us well for the future. We remain focused on continuing to provide collaborative solutions to our customers and business partners to help them achieve their goals and to capitalize on opportunities to enable the energy transition that is unfolding. Here are some of our accomplishments in 2021. We continue to advance our front-end solution strategy both organically and through acquisitions, which is focused on strengthening our design, engineering, permitting, environmental and program management capabilities. This strategy allows us to expand our solutions to our customers, enhances risk management and increases our total addressable market.  We expanded our emergency response capabilities and generated another year of record revenues by supporting our customers' efforts to restore power to millions of people adversely impacted by several severe weather events during the year. Our ability to quickly mobilize significant resources to support our customers in times of need is unmatched in our industry. LUMA Energy, our joint venture with ATCO, successfully transitioned to managing Puerto Rico's more than 18,000-mile electric transmission and distribution systems. Though many years of challenges and work were made, LUMA has made significant progress in improving customer service, response times, customer communication and system reliability. We continue to believe this opportunity is transformative for Quanta and the people of Puerto Rico and remain committed to supporting LUMA's mission to provide reliable electricity while building a modern and sustainable transmission and distribution system. In support of our commitment to the people of Puerto Rico, we, along with ATCO, bundled and commenced the LUMA College for Technical Training in Puerto Rico, and the first class of electric utility line workers graduated in October. Since opening the college, which is supported by Northwest Lineman College, hundreds of workers from LUMA have received additional training with the support of Quanta. We are proud of our commitment to the advancement of craft-skilled workforce in Puerto Rico. We grew our communications services revenue by approximately 25% and ended the year with record communications total backlog of approximately $1.3 billion. We also developed and rolled out wireless infrastructure solutions to strengthen our opportunities to capitalize on 5G network deployment and ongoing enhancement of 4G wireless networks. We expect to profitably grow the business and are booking incremental wireless revenue. We completed the acquisition of Blattner, a premier utility-scale renewable energy infrastructure solutions provider in North America with decades of experience and strong safety culture. This is Quanta's largest acquisition to date, and we believe it positions Quanta to be a leader in the energy transition and transforms our ability to collaborate early with our customers on their energy transition strategies. The integration of Blattner is going well, and we have increasing confidence in our ability to create meaningful growth and cost synergies together over time. We made meaningful progress in our initiative to apply certain skill sets and expertise from operations within the Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment to perform certain aspects of electric power and telecom-related work. We believe the resource expansion and operating leverage we gain through this initiative is a significant opportunity for Quanta to reinforce our self-perform capabilities, improve operating efficiency and profitability and demonstrates the strength of our portfolio approach. In addition to the acquisition of Blattner, we invested approximately $350 million in strategic acquisitions of nine high-quality companies, which primarily support our electric power and front-end service solutions. We believe the acquired companies are additive to our base business, advance our strategic initiatives and enhance our self-perform capabilities, which typically accounts for approximately 80% of our work and are key to providing cost certainty to our customers. We maintained our investment-grade credit rating while issuing $1.5 billion of senior notes and expanded our credit facility to fund the Blattner acquisition, which we believe points to the merits of the transaction, our strong financial profile, the resiliency and sustainability of our business model and positive multiyear outlook. We demonstrated our commitment to stockholder value and our confidence in Quanta's financial strength and continued growth opportunities through the repurchase of approximately $64 million of common stock and a 20% increase of our dividend. And finally, we continue to increase our efforts and dedicate resources toward implementing sustainable business practices throughout the organization and to improve the data we capture to manage our operations' sustainability and better communicate our ESG impact and initiatives to our stakeholders. It is easy to take for granted the reliability of the power grid, access to abundant sources of affordable energy and internet connectivity for commerce and entertainment. The impact of a hurricane, winter storm, wildfire or other events that shut off power affects our ability to heat or cool our homes and disrupts our quality of life, quickly changes this perspective and highlights how critical the infrastructure that we design, build and maintain is to our everyday well-being. The solutions Quanta provide support our customers' efforts to increase reliability, safety, efficiency and connectivity, all of which have a favorable environmental and social impact. Additionally, our services are at the forefront of providing the infrastructure solutions necessary to enable the energy transition and the adoption of new technology. As a result, we believe our business is levered to favorable and sustainable long-term trends. Demand for grid modernization, system hardening, electric vehicle charging, infrastructure and renewable energy interconnection services is robust and we believe will remain so for the foreseeable future. This activity drove our electric power results and backlog strength during 2021, primarily through significant multiyear master service agreements with utilities. Further, we believe we are in the early stages of utilities' undergrounding transmission and distribution lines to protect them from the effects of severe weather events and wildfires. For example, several utilities in the Western United States are planning to invest tens of billions of dollars in the aggregate to underground thousands of miles of electric power lines in high fire-threat areas. Electric utilities in other areas of the country are pursuing initiatives to underground critical infrastructure. Examples include electric transmission projects in the Northeast, distribution circuits along the coastlines and electric transmission line projects for offshore wind generation. Many of these initiatives are part of the large-scale multiyear storm hardening programs. We also believe North America is at an inflection point for significant investment in electric vehicle-related infrastructure, including charging infrastructure and the electric distribution system upgrades necessary to support the anticipated increase in the adoption of electric cars, trucks and commercial fleet vehicles in the coming years. Quanta continues its work with multiple leading electrical vehicle charging companies and utilities to build out infrastructure necessary to make fast, affordable charging possible in numerous states across the country. Quanta is presently working on the rollout of hundreds of charging stations. In many of these locations, Quanta is serving as the program manager, providing a full suite of engineering, development and construction services. With our scope and scale and turnkey program management capabilities, we are pursuing additional EV charging program management opportunities with other charging infrastructure companies, automakers and utilities. Our communications operations, which are within the electric power segment, grew revenues and backlog nicely in 2021, but our profitability levels did not achieve our goals. We are working constructively with our customers on certain items that have impacted profitability and believe these issues are approaching resolution. With the exception of these issues, the remainder of the communications operations are operating close to our target margin profile for the year. The demand for our communication services remains high, and we expect double-digit revenue growth and a return to upper single-digit operating income margin for our communications operations in 2022. With the addition of Blattner to our portfolio, we have begun reporting through three segments by adding a new Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment. This platform consists of services and solutions for infrastructure supporting the delivery of renewable energy, including renewable generation, electric transmission, substations and battery storage with Blattner's operations representing the majority of those solutions.  We are strategically positioned to collaborate with our customers to lead North America's energy transition and capitalize on the growing and significant amount of expenditure expected to be invested in renewable generation and related infrastructure as part of these efforts. Renewable developers and utilities are leading the effort to reduce carbon emissions, many with carbon-neutral commitments through aggressive efforts to expand their renewable generation portfolios and implement new technologies for current and future needs. Achieving their goals will also require substantial incremental investment in transmission and substation infrastructure to interconnect new renewable generation facilities to the power grid and to ensure grid reliability due to the significant increase of intermittent power added to the system. For example, we highlighted in our earnings release this morning our recent selection to build more than 400 miles of high-voltage electric transmission across several states for our customer in the Western United States. This project is designed to improve operational flexibility in conjunction with future generation resources, including renewable energy to meet the load growth and provide increased reliability. Also of note, this is the largest electric transmission line contract ever awarded to Quanta in the United States. Over the near and longer term, we believe substantial load growth, public policy and the overall positive sentiment supporting a greener environment will continue to drive North America's power generation mix increasingly towards renewables. Quanta's utility-scale renewable generation solutions, coupled with Quanta's existing holistic grid solutions, creates a unique value proposition and opportunity to collaborate with our customers to shape their energy transition initiatives. We are increasingly confident in the gross synergy opportunities we have with the addition of Blattner, and to that end, believe we have only scratched the surface on what is possible. Our Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment faced challenges last year, primarily due to circumstances outside of our control, such as impacts from the global pandemic, work disruptions along the Gulf Coast due to hurricane and impact on results from a customer bankruptcy.  Despite these challenges, our operations persevered in our gas utility and pipeline integrity operations performed well. We believe the recovery of certain of our markets and operations have begun. In particular, we expect our industrial services, Canadian and Australian operations to meaningfully improve this year both in revenue and margins.  We expect to continue our focus on growing our gas utility, pipeline integrity and industrial services businesses, consistent with our strategy over the last five years due to the favorable long-term trends driven by safety, reliability and environmental regulations. Looking to the coming years, we believe Quanta has meaningful opportunities with customers in this segment as they increasingly pursue strategies to reduce their carbon footprint and transition their operations and assets towards greener business opportunities. For example, gas utilities are implementing system modernization initiatives to reduce methane emissions and that position them to blend hydrogen into their natural gas flow and certain refiners. Utilities and developers are building renewable natural gas and biofuel processing facilities. We are also actively pursuing sizable carbon sequestration projects. In our earnings release this morning, we provided our 2022 guidance, which we believe demonstrates the strength and sustainability of our business and long-term strategy, favorable end-market trends, our ability to safely execute and our strong and strengthening competitive position in the marketplace. Further, our ongoing investment and commitment to workforce training continues to positively impact our performance and positions us well to capitalize on future opportunities.  Our expectations call for another year of meaningful growth, record revenues, adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share and improved profit margins. Additionally, we see opportunity to achieve new record levels of backlog in 2022. Derrick will provide additional detail about our guidance in his commentary. In summary, the strong performance of our electric power and Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions operations and the contribution of acquisitions during the year yielded record results in 2021 and has given us a leading platform to collaborate with our customers to shape the energy transition. We believe our strategic position in the marketplace remains strong, which has been further enhanced by the acquisition of Blattner, and that we are all well positioned for continued profitable growth over the near and longer term. We continue to make meaningful progress on growing our portfolio of services within each of our units to further leverage our operating results. The recent promotion of Redgie Probst to Chief Operating Officer is intended to support and promote this strategy, and we look forward to continuing to work with him on this important initiative. Considering our organic growth opportunities and the levers available to us to allocate future cash flow generation into value-creating opportunities such as stock repurchases, acquisitions, strategic investments and dividends, we believe Quanta will continue to generate meaningful value for our stakeholders going forward.  We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our fourth quarter and full year results and 2022 expectations. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record quarterly revenues of $3.9 billion for the fourth quarter of 2021. Net income attributable to common stock was $104.8 million or $0.71 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was a record $1.54. Overall, the fourth quarter closed out another exceptional year of operational performance for Quanta. Our fourth quarter results include the introduction of our Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment, largely due to the inclusion of Blattner in our operating results beginning in October. At a high level, this segment primarily represents the solutions we're providing associated with interconnection, substation and generation infrastructure directly supporting the delivery of renewable electricity. Historically, these activities were included within our electric segment. However, as the same market forces driving Blattner's growth will drive growth in these related areas, which included the aggregation of these services provided incremental clarity to the investment community. Our reported results exceeded our expectations for the fourth quarter in numerous areas, including revenues, adjusted EBITDA, EPS and adjusted EPS, with revenues and adjusted EBITDA delivering significant growth as compared to last year. I'll cover a few items impacting the quarter. Revenues continued to show significant growth compared to last year, in part due to record emergency storm response revenues, although only slightly above last year's ERS revenues. Additionally, revenues from acquired businesses were approximately $500 million in 4Q '21, the majority of which was attributable to Blattner. Operating margins in the quarter benefited from continued strong execution across our electric operations with margins exceeding 12%. Also contributing were the operating results of our integral unconsolidated affiliates. This primarily relates to the LUMA joint venture, but also includes contributions from a business that provides specialty site preparation and access solutions in which we acquired a 44% interest during the quarter, as we commented on in our third quarter earnings release, and they performed quite well during the quarter.  Partially offsetting those dynamics were our communications operations, which had negative margins during the quarter due to the challenges experienced in certain regions. Specifically, one customer reduced the previously expected scope of work in certain markets, while the requirements to evidence the completion of the work have been subject to multiple changes. Due to the elimination of future scope and associated construction activities, we were required to recognize in the quarter the full cost necessary for the preparation and submission of the modified closeout packages. For two other contracts with another customer, we recognized losses due to ongoing permitting delays, which were substantially hindering production as well as increased cost to meet schedule commitments. These two projects are near completion. Importantly, our remaining aggregate communications operations are operating in the upper single-digit range, giving us the confidence that our longer-term margin profiles are achievable. Our previous guidance included expected contributions from transactions made in 3Q '21 and 4Q '21 through the date of our November earnings release of between $40 million and $60 millions of adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure. Ultimately, our fourth quarter results included contributions towards the higher end of this range. We recognized an incremental $8.1 million provision for credit loss or $0.04 per diluted share related to outstanding receivables owed by Line 3 refining that declared bankruptcy in July 2021 as we do not anticipate the receipt of any funds through the bankruptcy proceeding. We no longer have any exposure related to receivables owed from this customer. Operating margin in 4Q '21 was negatively impacted by $146 million associated with amortization, deal costs and fair market value adjustments to earn-out liabilities, a combined 370 basis point impact, compared to $28 million of comparable costs and approximately 100 basis point impact in 4Q '20.  Also of note, the tax expense and effective rate for the fourth quarter and full year of 2021 were significantly lower than our previous guidance. This reduction was largely driven by the favorable IRS clarification on per diem deductions for 2021 and the reversal of certain reserves for uncertain tax positions upon expiration of certain statutes of limitations. Our total backlog was $19.3 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, another record level. $1.6 billion of the backlog is attributable to fourth quarter acquisitions, the majority of which was from Blattner. But excluding those contributions, total backlog were still up over $600 million compared to 3Q '21.  12-month backlog of $11.3 billion includes close to $1.5 billion of acquired backlog, but excluding those contributions still represents record 12-month backlog on an organic basis. We believe these increases continue to reinforce the repeatable and sustainable nature of the largest portion of our revenues and earnings and the demand for our industry-leading infrastructure solutions. For the fourth quarter of 2021, we generated free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, of $111 million, resulting in $246 million of free cash flow for the year. Our previous expectations of $350 million to $500 million of free cash flow for the year excluded significant change-in-control-related disbursements associated with acquired liabilities during the quarter associated with the Blattner transaction, which aggregated to $72 million and are required to be treated as operating cash outflow items in our GAAP calculation. We also took the opportunity in the fourth quarter of 2021 to accelerate the opportunistic and strategic procurement of around $50 million of equipment. Given the ongoing supply chain challenges in the equipment and vehicle markets, we felt it was the right long-term action to take to support the ongoing needs of our operations. Days sales outstanding, or DSO, measured 80 days for the fourth quarter, which is a reduction of nine days compared to the third quarter of 2021 and three days compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. The decreases were primarily due to the favorable impact of the acquisition of Blattner, which typically has lower DSO in certain of our other larger operating companies.  This positive impact was partially offset by continued elevated working capital requirements associated with two larger Canadian transmission projects driving an increase in contract assets, which we've discussed in prior quarters. Both projects have been impacted by work stoppage protocols in Canada associated with COVID mitigation as well as delays attributable to, among other things, wildfires' impact access to work sites. Discussions with both customers regarding change orders associated with these increased costs are ongoing, with multiple change orders already approved. The remaining amounts are being pursued in the normal course. We had total liquidity of $2.1 billion at year-end and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.3 as calculated under our credit agreement. While our leverage profile remains above our target range due to the acquisition financing, as we stated in prior calls, we expect to efficiently delever over the following quarters while continuing to create shareholder value through our dividend and repurchase programs as well as strategic acquisitions. To that end, during the fourth quarter, in addition to the three transactions we announced during our last earnings release, we acquired four additional businesses for a total combined consideration of approximately $230 million. These four acquisitions all closed late in December and other than incremental deal costs were immaterial to our 4Q results. Turning to guidance. First, forecasting and providing specific commentary on the classification of uncommitted revenues between electric power versus renewables can be challenging. Accordingly, it's possible that as we progress through the year and gain more visibility into the nature of the work we'll be performing, there could be movements outside these initial segment ranges simply due to the type of infrastructure our activities will be supporting.  As Duke commented, we deliver our portfolio of services, and we are comfortable with our aggregate expectations. Additionally, by following seasonality commentary addresses our expectations for 2022 as compared to our recast quarterly results for 2021, which align prior reported numbers to our new segmentation. And these 2021 recasted segment numbers have been included in today's earnings release. As it relates to the electric power segment specifically, we see 2022 revenues ranging between $8.2 billion and $8.3 billion. Our base business continues to lead the growth in the segment driven primarily by North American utilities outsourcing activities required to replace, rebuild and upgrade existing infrastructure.  Notably, these growth expectations are tempered by reduced storm revenues, $250 million of which are included in our current expectations compared to over $450 million in 2021. Additionally, revenue contributions from larger electric projects are forecasted to be around $200 million lower in 2022 as we expect to reach substantial completion on one of our larger Canadian projects in the first quarter. Included within the segment are our communications operations, which we expect to grow double digits over 2021 levels to around $750 million of revenue in 2022. While we expect 2022 operating margins for the electric power segment to range between 10.7% and 11.3%, which includes contributions of between $45 million and $50 millions of earnings from our integral unconsolidated affiliates, the largest portion of which relates to the LUMA joint venture in Puerto Rico. 2021 represented another exceptional year for our electric operations, and our margin profile was again above our historical norms and our original expectations due in part to the record emergency restoration service revenues. Our 2022 expectations for margins for the segment remain elevated but are more consistent with historical averages and are tempered by normalized storm revenues as well as our communications operations, which are expected to operate in the upper single digits in 2022. As is typically the case, we expect that first quarter operating margins will be the lowest for the year, likely around 10%, with margins increasing into the second and third quarters and then slightly declining in the fourth quarter. The Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment full year revenues are expected to range between $3.8 billion and $4 billion, with the largest portion of the growth due to the acquisition of Blattner. As it relates to Blattner, we remain confident in the initial range of expectations for 2022 included in the September deal announcement. From a revenue seasonality perspective in 2022, we expect segment revenues to be between $900 million and $950 million in the first quarter, then growing sequentially into the third quarter with a slight decline in the fourth quarter. We expect 2022 operating margins for the renewable energy segment to be around 9% for the year, translating into double-digit EBITDA margins, which is what we would expect from the segment. Due to the slightly higher project-oriented nature of this segment, margins will be more variable on a quarterly basis. As it stands today, similar to our other segments, we expect margins for the first quarter to be the lowest for the year, likely around 8%. Margins, therefore, have the opportunity to strengthen in subsequent quarters as volumes increase and we successfully execute through individual project contingencies throughout the year. The Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment has been heavily impacted by the uncertainties in the energy market and economy caused by COVID-19. However, we expect far fewer headwinds in 2022. We are currently anticipating double-digit revenue growth of off of 2021, with full year revenues expected to range between $4 billion and $4.2 billion. This growth is expected to be led by our industrial, Canadian and Australian operations, each of which has dealt with significant challenges associated with COVID-related impacts for the last two years. Additionally, our gas utility business continues to see nice year-over-year growth opportunities. Operating margins are expected to improve meaningfully in 2022. We see segment margins ranging between 6.5% and 7.5%, led primarily by recovery from our industrial and Canadian operations. Consistent with years past, our first quarter traditionally has lower activity in the segment due to weather seasonality, which impacts our revenues and precious margins to slightly below mid-single digits. However, we expect solid improvement into the second and third quarters with a seasonal decline in the fourth quarter. The number and size of acquisitions in 2021 will significantly change the magnitude of amortization, acquisition and integration costs and certain other corporate and unallocated costs as well as the quarter-to-quarter timing of these items. We've included some additional information on these as well as further segment seasonality comments and other guidance items in the outlook summary that was posted in connection with the earnings release and can be found on our IR website at quantaservices.com. One incremental item for 2022. Early last year, Quanta made a $90 million minority investment in a private company that provides broadband technology. The company has entered into an agreement with a special-purpose acquisition company and pursuant to the transaction is expected to emerge as a publicly traded company in the first half of the year.  Once effective, our current interest would become common equity and would be subject to mark-to-market accounting, with changes in value recorded in other income. We expect to adjust for these changes in value when reporting adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS but have not forecasted any valuation movements curve. These segment operating ranges support our expectation for 2022 annual consolidated revenues of $16 billion to $16.5 billion and adjusted EBITDA of between $1.59 billion and $1.7 billion. This represents another record level of adjusted EBITDA and full year adjusted EBITDA margins over 10%. With these operating results, we estimate our range of GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock for 2022 to be between $3.56 and $4.06 and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $6 and $6.50. Turning to cash flow. The contract assets I spoke of earlier associated with the Canadian transmission project impacted our operating cash flows in 2021 but are expected to represent inflows of cash in 2022 as components reach resolution. These positive effects will be partially offset by the payment of approximately $46 million of change-in-control-related payments associated with the Blattner acquisition and the payment of $54 million of previously deferred payroll taxes in accordance with the CARES Act in 2020.  As such, we currently expect 2022 free cash flow to range between $650 million and $850 million with capital expenditures of around $400 million. As we caution every year, quarterly free cash flow is subject to sizable movements due to various customer and project dynamics that occur in the normal course of operations. Reflecting on our 2021 performance, we delivered another exceptional year, led by solid execution in the field and highlighted by the transformational acquisition of Blattner during the fourth quarter. We ended the year with approximately $1.3 billion of adjusted EBITDA, a record for Quanta, which represents a nearly 16.8% CAGR since 2016. More importantly, our record adjusted EPS of $4.92 represents a 26.6% CAGR since 2016. Looking forward, we continue to see the opportunity to deliver adjusted EPS growth that outpaces our adjusted EBITDA growth, led by margin expansion and operating leverage in the field, coupled with strategic capital deployments focused on delivering long-term returns to our stockholders. Over the last five years, we have deployed approximately $3.9 billion in cash for M&A and strategic investments, $827 million for stock repurchases and $86 million on dividends. Against this backdrop, our financial strategy and consistent performance have been acknowledged by our rating agencies, which reiterated our investment-grade rating subsequent to the debt raised to fund the Blattner acquisition. Going into 2022, we have significant liquidity available and approximately $473 million of availability remaining on our current stock repurchase program. Now we are focused on deleveraging in the near term. We remain committed to delivering the shareholder value through strategic acquisitions and opportunistic repurchase activity. Overall, we continue to believe we are in the early stages of a significant infrastructure investment cycle and that we are uniquely positioned in the markets we serve to deliver comprehensive end-to-end solutions to support North America's transition to carbon-neutral energy infrastructure. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question is coming from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Please go ahead. 
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Kip, Derrick, Duke. I think in your prepared remarks, I was quite intrigued about -- you talked about expanding service offerings at several operating units. I assume you've made quite a few acquisitions to expand that, especially on your front-end work and advisory stuff. Can you share a little bit more what's going on and how that's going to be -- I would expect strategically because of what you can add to your clients, but I would also think maybe a mix or margin or financial aspect? So I thought that would be something that you could be like to get more clarity on?
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Mike. We've talked about it quite a bit, about the company being a portfolio and truly believe we operate in that manner. As we think about the regionality and how we sit, we -- what we've done is in our underground segments, our utilized segments, you continue to see us look at underground electric, look at underground telecom. It doesn't matter to us what median or what service we're providing. The equipment is very similar. The people are very similar. So we believe we can expand those offerings as well as on the front-end services across the board really at a regional level. And so the segmentation may look one way, but how we're operating in the field to get the leverage at the unit, which will ultimately produce the margins that they're seeing and enhance the margins that you're seeing will allow that leverage at that level. So it's just from our standpoint, that's the way that we will continue to operate the company and offer various service lines to the customer and really what's driving that as a customer demand on the local level for expanded services that we can offer. So really, it's us trying to make sure that we're leveraging that at the very field level, which will ultimately increase margins.
Michael Dudas: Thanks Duke.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Justin Hauke of Baird. Please go ahead. 
Justin Hauke: I guess I have two questions. I'll start with kind of maybe the bigger one, and then I've got just a quick technical one. But just -- maybe just a little more details on the Las Vegas project. It's EPC. I'm just wondering, are you -- do you have partners on this project or is that all you? And just any comments on kind of the risk terms or how it would be different. And then you talked about it being the largest U.S. contract you've ever had. I think the Canadian ones you had were just over $1 billion of revenue. So would that be a good benchmark to kind of think about maybe the size of this project?
Duke Austin: Yes. So the project we discussed to the West, that's not Las Vegas. But in general, what I would say is we're performing that holistically internally, probably still performing 90% of it. We're proud of the project, nice mill project. So in our mind, an example of us stacking on to our existing base business there in the West. And we don't have partners, and it's not necessary for us to have partners given the size of the company.  So again, we're trying to really work on the synergy transition, and we're going in a holistic fashion. This is something where had several operating units coming together and able to perform the whole project for the client and give them the best service offering, in our mind. So real proud of the project to the west. And again, it's just an example of where the company is going. And way I do believe it's in the renewable segment, as we discussed. And I do think you'll see more of this moving renewables to the west. And so those type of projects will definitely stack on to our existing base business. We're proud of it. And as far as the size of it, we talked about it being the largest in the business in North -- in the Lower 48. So ultimately, a large project for us. We're not going to get into the size of it.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. We'll only frame it by saying that had it been awarded prior to year-end, our total backlog would have exceeded $20 billion.
Justin Hauke: Okay. That's helpful. I guess, Derrick, maybe the other question. So on the equity income this quarter, it jumped to $22 million. You guys called out the minority investment that you did. It sounds like maybe that's part of it. I'm just curious, was there anything that was like a -- that was associated with LUMA being at full transition that we should think as kind of a run rate for that? Because it looks like the implied guidance for '22 would have run at a much lower rate than what it was in the quarter.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I mean, actually, the majority of the difference was the joint venture-type dynamic. It had a very nice fourth quarter. There is a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter associated LUMA, which just has to do with the timing of kind of internal administrative costs rather than anything associated with the fixed fee itself. On a go-forward basis, I would tell you that it's -- that range that I provided, $45 million to $50 million, is a little bit of the increment associated with the joint venture contribution and fairly close to our original expectations for the remaining LUMA.
Justin Hauke: Great. Thank you very much guys. Appreciated. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Sean Eastman: Hi, team. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to hone in on the new renewables segment. It sounded like the underlying outlook for Blattner embedded in there is consistent with what you guys communicated before. But it'd be helpful just -- since we only really had historicals on an EBITDA level for Blattner, it would be great to just kind of walk through the sort of normative or targeted margin profile we should be thinking about for this new segment since it includes some other stuff as well.
Duke Austin: Yes. Sean, it's Duke. In general, I would think, in our mind, it's double-digit EBITDA, even some uplift in margins if we can operate through some contingencies on the way through it. So we're proud of the segment. We think it highlights where the company is at. Certainly, Blattner is the big piece of that segment. We've stated the guidance there before around 2.6. So that's where we stand on that. And I do think you'll see those type of margins that are previously stated with Blattner in that segment. So we had a nice business in Florida. We talked about a lot, how we're enabling the infrastructure with substations and interconnections and long transmission lines. I do think that segment will continue to build. You'll continue to see nice work, nice backlog. It is lumpier than what you would consider our base business. But it's just timing -- days timing, not years timing in my mind. So I do think it is fairly predictable at this point. And we've given good guidance on Blattner out to '25. So I do think we're able to not only show the power of what we can do in that sector but also give you some visibility. And I'll let Derrick comment.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I think you've said it fine. The only thing I'd add additional color, you could think all way back to when we did the original deal announcement for the largest portion of a decade, Blattner has been able to operate at a double-digit EBITDA. They had some very good performance within the last few years, kind of pressing that number up a little bit. But we look to kind of those historical dynamics to think about our multiyear expectations. So consistent with the '22 and in the outer-years, we think they continue to operate it was double-digit EBITDA. Aggregate for the segment, we think we've tried to be prudent on how to think about that in '22 when you think about it at the operating level of that 9%. I think that between the Blattner execution as well as our own, as we execute through contingencies, that gives us the ability to see a margin expansion. Duke made reference to it within our prepared remarks. We do believe that there's a bit more variability that you'll see within the segment. There's a smaller number of overall projects as compared to, as an example, the larger remaining electric power group as a whole, which can create a bit of variability in the timing to work, but largely very confident in our ability to execute.
Sean Eastman: Okay. That's helpful. And the underground segment, it looks like no changes to the segment reporting there. The revenue and margins came in a little better than I was expecting in terms of the outlook. So just a bit of a flavor on what type of operating environment and kind of underlying assumptions for the bigger buckets in there, namely industrial and the LDC business, would be helpful as we think about what bridges less to this 2022 outlook for that segment.
Duke Austin: Yes, Sean. I think you've seen the rebound in some of the oil pricing and things of that nature. So the industrial business seems really going to uplift. We thought it would be anyway. So I think it will stack on to the current demand that we're seeing on the industrial side. So we're confident in that business in '22 as it stands. That's certainly something that we were watching very closely. So we feel good about it. Our Canadian business is also rebounding. We like where we stand there. So all in all, I would say, incrementally, we're more positive on the underground segment than we have been. But we stated before, we're running it as a portfolio, the LDC business. We may be doing telecom, we may be doing electric, and some of that business will be blended within the electric segment, telecom segment in the field as a portfolio.  So I wouldn't get too caught up in the segmentation. The overall business will continue to rise, and we're producing double-digit margins, double-digit growth, those kind of things at the bottom. And so what I'm really looking at is that bottom number, and they continue to grow. So we're proud of it.
Sean Eastman: Okay, excellent thanks guys. I’ll turn it over there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Jamie Cook: I guess my question is on Blattner. Understanding the revenue guide and guidance for Blattner is unchanged, is -- can you talk about what they're sort of seeing on the supply chain side? Any difference in what you're expecting, solar versus wind, or perhaps revenue synergies are starting to come through? So just an update on what Blattner is seeing? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Good morning Jamie. So in general, I would say we're confident in Blattner, confident in the guidance. Obviously, we've given outward year guidance as well. The demand on renewable business balance of plant is certainly there across the board, both solar and wind. We have really nice high-demand clients that customers that we believe really have the supply chain figured out for the most part, not to say there's not some small areas where you're seeing things happen. But in general, we took all that into account when we gave guidance originally. We've taken into account now. We believe we can execute through it. Certain things may show up a little later, but we've done a really nice job. I think what I would tell you is I think it's an advantage for Quanta when there is the supply chain disruptions. It allows us to show the breadth of the company and be able to move where a panel may be delayed a little bit, but we can build everything up to the panel and move to where the panels are and just move around. So it shows the scale and scope of the company and how we operate, and it doesn't affect us, which allows us to collaborate with the client. So I mean, I think we're using it to our advantage. Honestly, we like where we sit in the market.
Jamie Cook: Congratulations. Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Neil Mehta: Good morning team, and strong quarter as well here from my end. First question is about the supply chain. Can you talk about how supply chain issues could affect Quanta in 2022? Is there a risk around project delays this year? And how has Quanta been able to scale its labor force in conjunction with revenue opportunities amid a relatively tight labor market?
Duke Austin: I think the company in the past -- over the past six, seven years has really focused on labor, our craft-skilled labor, and so it's the core of the business and really invested in it. So that investment certainly pays off in tight labor markets. And I think when we look at it, it's to our advantage. We continue to grow the business nicely. We work on how we perform our labor where we are able to train, get people to the field faster, safer. So those things are something that we've worked on quite a bit and believe it's core to us. So yes, we like where we sit and we like how we're performing. The supply chain with the breadth of the company and the scale that we have, we're able to move pretty nimble through this. And I think, yes, there is some supply chain issues in certain areas. But in general, we're able to work with the client well before there's a problem or an issue and move project to project or help them become nimble as well.  So I do think it's us working with the client, knowing that we see some supply chain constraints and make sure that we're operating properly. And we've done that in the past. You can see the margins in the fourth quarter. We've operated through, we believe, in '22. We'll do the same thing. We have leaned into some of the issues on fleet being the third, fourth largest fleet in North America, we're able to really stretch ourselves there and make sure that we have the fleet necessary to get in front of some of those issues. So we've done a nice job across the board of mitigating the risk of supply chain, not to say that it's not out there.
Neil Mehta: The follow-up is just on the high-voltage project award that you announced in January. Can you talk about the opportunity set for additional high-voltage transmission projects at a similar scale through this year and beyond? And could you see additional opportunities this year? And as you talk about that, maybe you talk about the regulatory environment because the not-in-my-backyard syndrome is certainly something that's affected the rollout of these transmission lines.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think when you look at the company, we've stated before, the base business to 80% to 85% on the electric side and underground given Blattner guidance. So if you think about it, those projects will stack. There's a multitude of projects out there. The list is long. I do think we've talked about where the company sits in those type of projects, and we've always said we would be around the edges and lack of chances. We continue to refine how we deliver to the client. The programmatic spends of the client are larger. And our ability to execute on time, on budget was 85% to 90% self-performed has given us advantages across the board, and we like where we sit in that spectrum. So as those projects become -- come to market, they get FID, we get approvals. Not to say there's not the normal problems around permitting because there is. It's getting better, but there's still issues. And many of these projects have been on the books for decades. When I look back, we had looked at it 10 years ago, and it's just now coming to market. So we're not going to get chase shiny objects all the time, but we are there in the edges. And we will, I believe, have a great service offering to the client when those become available, and we'll stack on top of what you already see in the growth rates that you see below. So we're excited about where we sit. And obviously, the project to the West is just, in our mind, something that as it comes available, we like our chances to win those type of projects.
Neil Mehta: Thanks Duke.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson, Davis. Please go ahead. 
Adam Thalhimer: Hey good morning guys. Duke, I wanted to ask two questions, both on Blattner. Number one, are you seeing any revenue synergies yet? And then number two, can you talk about whether you see and how you're thinking about any kind of long-term service opportunity in the renewables business?
Duke Austin: Yes. I think when you look at it, Blattner really, in many ways, transformed where we sat in the energy transition. It certainly puts us in front of the client across the board, both sides from energy all the way to utilities to developers. So it allows us a broad spectrum at a very early stage within a project. Blattner's ability, their self-perform capabilities, how they think was much like us on the transmission/distribution side of the utility business. So when we put our heads together, there's not a day that goes by we don't think of a synergy or something that we believe was transitional to the market. So we're in front of this. We think a lot alike. We've enjoyed the management team, and our ability to collaborate has been exceptional.  So the opportunities that not only what we would call renewable but also clean energy, and how we think about how Blattner helps us transition ourselves as Quanta to really lead the way in that transition is much more than 1 plus 1, in my mind. It will really allow us to help our client, which is ultimately, both companies are focused on the client. And I say it over and over again, but very much aligned on that. So we really want to get in there and help the client move forward at a very early stage, and it allows a lot of benefits to both sides on the backside of this. You see tight markets like this when both of us are in there with our existing clients, we're able to really produce a nice project for the client at a low cost that, in my mind, it doesn't escalate or we're not having the issues that others may have because we self-perform. So in my mind, we did risk a lot of things that a normal E&C does not. We said that many, many times. And the resiliency of the company shows with Blattner and where we're at -- where we sit in the energy transition.
Adam Thalhimer: Thanks Duke. Congrats on the quarter.
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Ian MacPherson of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. 
Ian MacPherson: Good morning gentlemen. Congratulations. This has sort of already been passed a little bit by Jamie and others, but I wanted to revisit. If we look at the tape with renewables, and we see the negative sentiment in the market regarding the impact of rising interest rates and political gridlock in Washington and supply chain cost risk that's impacting utility-scale development, there is implied fear, I think, with respect to the Blattner order momentum throughout this year. And I know you're not guiding on orders and backlog. But Duke, would you refute that negative cinema regarding an air pocket in renewables order activity for this year despite those factors?
Duke Austin: We've had a robust market over the last few years, and you continue to have one. You're talking days, months if you're moving things. So I'll just give you an example. If solar panels are delayed, the last thing we're really accomplishing in a solar field will be putting the panels on. So if we build everything else and then put the panels on at the end, it's not a big deal. Does it disrupt a little bit? Yes. Can we get through it? Yes. So it's not -- the things that you're seeing, the disruptions you may see is not something that's insurmountable nor do we believe has affected our ability to capture work or the way that Blattner looks long term, short term. We gave guidance with that in mind, that there would be some balance and some, I would say, lumpiness in the market. We felt like it was there. That's why we gave the guidance we gave. We also gave guidance in 2025 of $3.6 billion. So the market, the overall, where we're going with the energy transition, I don't believe that's changed. I believe all the clients that we have, have said the same. So we really -- we're going to a greener environment where load growth is going up. There's no doubt about it. And the carbon-free, the way that we're going to deliver energy, will be much different. And we're sitting at the very front of that transition over the next decade. We're just getting started. So we really like where we sit.
Ian MacPherson: Good result, good answer. Thanks Duke. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Steven Fisher of UBS. Please go ahead. 
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. And you may have really just answered this, but wanted to ask you again about the renewable segment margin because you do have a decline there assumed. And I'm just wondering, is that for what you just talked about you're baking in -- is it declining because you're now baking in some more of these kind of timing issues where you have to put the panels on later? And I guess the follow-on to that would be, what's the potential for that business segment margin to start growing again as we look beyond 2022?
Duke Austin: Yes. If you look at the renewable segment -- I think if you look back, we recast this last year, 13%, I believe, is what it looked like, a little bit over that. Obviously, we've guided differently with the Blattner acquisition, 2 -- a couple of things. Last year, you had some contingency releases, things like that. And the recast as well as when you go forward, we talked about double-digit EBITDA at Blattner, as we said. Can we operate through -- do we think we have given prudent guidance in our renewable segment? Yes. So we'll be prudent about it. We've thought about it. We've thought about the guidance that we've given and our ability to grow. We've talked about Blattner going to 3.6. It's a segment that we believe will grow.  Certainly, with both companies doing the things that we're doing, the backlog and things of that nature in this segment, similar to the project that we announced today, I believe, that will go into backlog in the first quarter. So you'll continue to see the growth there, in my mind, on these projects as utility-scale renewables come in as well as the -- our ability to enable that through substations and transmission. So I really like where that segment is, and I do believe it's a growth segment for us. And we talked about if we got over $1 billion in the segment, we would segment them, and that's what we did. So we want to give the investor base a good look at it and allow you to see it. So I'll let Derrick comment more.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I don't know that I have anything too incremental other than kind of we comment on the things we said earlier. The Blattner dynamic, again, in the last 10 years has operated at a double-digit margin profile. That gives us the multiyear confidence. More specifically, again, the more recent period, they've executed quite strongly above that.  So yes, do we believe that we can see an upward potential against our guidance on a multiyear basis? I think the answer is yes. Whether that be because of our legacy electric operations that are now within this group, we think that we continue to see double-digit operating income-type performance of some of those legacy operations and then now thinking about Blattner. So we remain quite confident in our ability to execute on those margins with the level of upside opportunity. But we want to see the mix of work, right? There's a procurement component of it that can put pressure on margins. So very much, I think that it's the right thing to be looking at this year and being kind of prudent guidance. We want to get more visibility. And on a go-forward basis, very confident in our ability to execute at this level and then giving us the upside opportunities as we execute through contingencies.
Steven Fisher: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Alex Rigel of B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Alex Rigel: Very nice quarter, gentlemen. Just one quick question here. How do you view the federal regulatory environment currently? At times in the past, it hampered growth; at other times, it enhanced growth. How do you see it developing here one year into a Biden administration?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Alex. When we look at it, the overall transition, the energy transition, I believe, is intact. Under any administration, we believe that the sentiment towards carbon-free is certainly there, whether it be hydrogen renewables, balance of plant solar, it doesn't matter. We believe that ship has settled. As far as trying to help with different -- as far as siting, permitting, certainly Build Back Better, those things are all helpful. But either way, I mean, the programmatic spend underneath, if you go into electric vehicles, if you're going to put that many electric vehicles in the systems, your distribution system has to move in a much, much different manner with decades worth of work to be done to modernize as well as the same with renewables coming on to the systems. The modernization, the way it has to work and the interconnections are something that I think goes unnoticed in the amount of work that needs to be done on the grid. So with those type of things are there. Obviously, if we push an interest way high, it would concern everyone. And we were certainly cognizant of hiatus, what it does to an economy and can push it down. So we're certainly watching that as well.
Alex Rigel: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Noelle Dilts of Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Noelle Dilts: Just quickly on underground. Could you walk through the key factors that are allowing you to guide for record margins in 2022, though revenues are about 20% less than the 2019 peak? And is this a full recovery or is there still more recovery in '23 that you're expecting?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Noelle. I think when we looked at our underground segment, we thought the industrial business would come back strong. And certainly, as it sits today, it's coming back strongly. And so that's a turnaround. We also -- the Line 3 adjustment that was in their last year, it was not there on a go-forward basis. So you get some movement there as well. Those 2 things are really driving it up. Canada, Australia, both are energy economies that have been depressed over the last 24 months and are certainly moving in the right direction. And so we really like what we said in both Australia and Canada. You add all it up and what we've done on the LDC business and how we're leveraging at the operating level in the field allows all segments to move up. So I do believe as we operate as a portfolio, it will ultimately pull up all segments as we go forward. Was that’s helpful.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. The only thing I'd comment to is that thinking all the way back to a pre-COVID environment, we actually were guiding to a similar type of margin expectations. And so it's just taking us down in a couple of years to get through both on the industrial, Canada and Australia. So I'd argue that we're very similar to where we were in a pre-COVID environment. And I think this is a good step towards us getting to that upper single digits we've been talking about being able to return to as we look forward on a multiyear basis.
Duke Austin: Yes. And I think where we're at now is we're early in a way that we're operating the portfolio of the companies. For us to guide there, that's good. We're getting there. But certainly, we're not satisfied with that. We believe we can operate the segment in upper single digits.
Noelle Dilts: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question today is coming from Gus Richard of Northland. Please go ahead.
Gus Richard: Yes, thanks for filling me in and congratulations on a good quarter. I was curious about the underground business. And how much are you seeing in the energy transition to hydrogen? And how much are you seeing Integrity as people try to mitigate the methane leaks?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we saw that early, and I think we invested in the LDC business quite a bit. We've grown it, and there's certainly a multitude of capital deployment there over 30-year periods across the board. So the methane release that we've seen, certainly, that's part of that LDC business that's growing nicely. Hydrogen and carbon sequestration is certainly a few other we were sorting going to lead the way there on many teams that are doing that. We're early, but I do think hydrogen blend, hydrogen, green hydrogen will be something we talk about quite a bit. As you saw batteries 3 or 4 years ago, 5 years ago, we were talking about batteries. And I think they're certainly prevalent today and moving forward. So the same thing with hydrogen, we're just -- we're a little early. But I do think the company sees that and is in front of that in many ways to make sure that we capture that market share in that segment. So certainly, when we think through it, we'll definitely see hydrogen as being a part of the solution of energy transition.
Gus Richard: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Duke Austin: Yes. I want to thank the men and women on the field that are out in the inclement weather doing the things that they do rate the storm here, tough environments. They continue to execute at very, very high levels safely. So we're proud of that and proud of them. With that, I'd like to thank you all for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call and webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Kip Rupp, Investor Relations for Quanta Services. Please go ahead.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services Third Quarter of 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with the summary of our 2021 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we will use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 4th, 2021, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release, along with the Company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA, and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for email alerts through the Investor Relations sections of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our Company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks Kip. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary and will then turn it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer. We will provide a review of our third quarter results and full year 2021 financial expectations. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported solid third quarter results, which included a number of record financial metrics, including revenues, adjusted EBITDA, and earnings per share. Additionally, total backlog of $17 billion at the end of the quarter was also a record, which we believe reflects the benefits of our collaborative approach with the customers, favorable in market dynamics, and continued advancement of our long-term growth strategies. As many of you are aware, several weeks ago, we completed the previously announced acquisition of Blattner, which is a premier utility-scale renewable energy infrastructure solutions provider in North America with decades of experience and a strong safety culture. We believe the energy to transition in North America is on the cusp of a significant acceleration, and that moving to a carbon neutral economy will require sizeable and decade's long investment in renewable generation and related infrastructure. We believe this transaction fits Quanta in a unique position to enable the energy infrastructure for North America's energy transition. Since announcing our intention to acquirer Blattner in early September, customer reactions and conversations across our customer base have been overwhelmingly positive and supportive. Further, we previously commented about how remarkably similar Quanta and Blattner are, operationally and culturally, which has become increasingly apparent through working with the Blattner management team on integration. We were all excited about our combined growth opportunities when we first announced the transaction. And I can tell you that today, we're even more excited and increasingly confident in the value proposition, innovative solutions, and growth synergy opportunities that Quanta and Blattner are positioned to provide existing and new customers. Now, turning the call to our operating results. Our Electric Power Solutions operations continue to perform well with record revenues and strong margins driven by robust demand for our services, solid and safe execution, high utilization of our resources and operational excellence. We're proud of our execution and confident that our strong market position will allow us to capitalize on future opportunities created by a favorable long-term trends driving utility investment, and demand for our comprehensive solutions. Demand for grid modernization, system hardening, and renewable energy interconnection services remain active. And discussions around opportunities for our electric vehicle infrastructure installation, and program management capabilities continue to advance. Our electric power backlog remains strong, driven primarily by significant multiyear master service agreements with utilities, which adds to the substantial MSA backlog growth we generated in the first half of this year. During the quarter, Hurricane Ida made landfall over Louisiana, which ultimately left 1.2 million customers across 8 States without power, including 1 million outages in Louisiana alone. One of deployed significant resource is to support utility customers whose electric power infrastructure was damaged or destroyed by the hurricane, including more than 2,500 line workers and front-end support services and engineering staff. Our comprehensive response resulted in record emergency restoration revenue and highlights our ability to quickly mobilize substantial resources to support our customers in times of need. Our customers continue to advance their efforts to achieve carbon neutrality over the coming decades, which is planned to be achieved and large part through increasing renewable generation investment. We believe public policy and that the positive general sentiment supporting a greener environment will drive North America's power generation mix increasingly towards renewables over the near and longer-term. Blattner's utility-scale renewable generation solutions, coupled with Quanta's complimentary and holistic grid solutions, creates a unique value proposition and opportunity to collaborate with our customers to shape their energy transition initiatives. For example, Blattner is currently constructing more than 30 utility-scale renewable energy projects across the country and another Quanta Company is currently working on the largest solar powered battery storage project in North America. Additionally, we're seeing accelerated demand for our services that enable renewable generation, including transmission interconnections and substations. We continue to scale our communication operations and progress our strategy. For example, we have developed a wireless capabilities and are expanding our wireless services into certain markets. Communications revenues grew significantly in the third quarter as compared to last year. And though we incurred higher costs in certain jobs due to descoping of certain contracts and project closeouts which impacted profitability for these operations, these issues were not meaningful to the overall electric power segment or Quanta as a whole. Nevertheless, demand for our communication services remains high and the majority of our communication operations are performing at or near our double-digit margin targets. Our underground utility and infrastructure solutions segment generally performed well in the quarter, despite being impacted by work disruptions along the Gulf Coast due to Hurricane Ida and work inefficiencies associated with the recent surge of the COVID-19 Delta variant in certain areas. We continue to experience solid demand for our gas utility and pipeline integrity services, which are driven by regulated spend to modernize systems, reduced methane emissions, and certain environmental compliance, and improved safety and reliability. We expect our industrial services to strengthen through next year along with the continued recovery of the global economy and demand for refined products, as well as the return of our customer maintenance and capital spending that was previously deferred due to the effects of COVID-19 on the downstream market. Looking to the coming years, we believe the opportunity Quanta has with customers in this segment as they increasingly pursue strategies to reduce their carbon footprint and diversify their operations and assets towards greener business opportunities may be underestimated. There are several examples of such initiatives and project opportunities. Gas utilities are implementing system modernization initiatives that position them to blend hydrogen into their natural gas flow. To that end, Quanta is working with several gas utility customers on hydrogen pilot programs. Certain refiners are building renewable and bio-fuel processing facilities, which could create opportunities for our Industrial services. Natural gas power plants are also exploring blending hydrogen with natural gas as a fuel source to power their turbines, which could create opportunities for our Pipeline Infrastructure services. Lastly, we are actively pursuing carbon sequestration projects in the U.S., which could utilize our Engineering and Pipeline Construction services. In Canada, Pembina Pipeline and TC Energy have proposed a plan to jointly develop a carbon transportation and sequestration system called the Alberta Carbon Grid, which is envisioned to serve as the backbone of Alberta's carbon capture utilization and storage industry and could include participation by other pipeline companies. The initiative with leverage existing pipelines requires a new pipeline and facility investments, which when fully constructed, would be capable of transporting more than 20 million tons of carbon dioxide annually. The North American energy transition is just that, a transition process. The role our Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions play in the energy transition is clear. However, we believe Quanta's underground utility and infrastructure solutions operations could play in an evolving and increasing role, in this transition in support of our customers carbon reduction initiatives. Progress continues in Washington DC towards enacting the bipartisan infrastructure bill and to build back better plan. As commented on prior calls, our positive multi-year outlook and strategic plan are not reliant on either of these packages. But if either or both enacted, they could provide incremental opportunity for Quanta over both the near and longer term. These packages include funding and policies to encourage new infrastructure development and modernization and several of our core markets. In particular to build back better plan currently contains policy and [Indiscernible] representing the largest clean energy legislative package in American history. While additional political steps are still required, we're encouraged by what we've seen recently. We have profitably grown the Company and executed well this year and expecting to continue to do so. We are confident in the strategic initiatives we are executing on, like the better position we have in the marketplace and our positive multi-year outlook. We also believe that our business and opportunities for profitable growth in 2022 are gaining momentum, driven by our solution-based approach, the growth of programmatic spending with existing and new customers, opportunities for larger electric transmission projects, the addition of Blattner's renewable generation solutions, and the opportunity for recovery of certain portions of our business that have been affected by the global pandemic. Looking to the medium and longer-term, as energy transition and carbon reduction initiatives are increasingly implemented, and addition to the primary drivers of our business currently, we believe our visibility could increase and our growth opportunities could expand and accelerate. We believe the infrastructure investment and renewable generation necessary to support these initiatives are still in the early stages of deployment and that this is arguably the most exciting time in Quanta's history. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model, and entrepreneurial mindset for and the foundation, that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of our third quarter results and 2021 expectations. Derrick
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke. And good morning, everyone. Today we announced record third quarter 2021 revenues the $3.4 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $174 million or $1.21 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure was $1.48. Our Electric Power revenues were $2.3 billion, a quarterly record and a 10% increase when compared to the third quarter of 2020. This increase was driven by continued favorable dynamics across our core utility and communications markets and associated demand for our services. Also contributing to the increase were revenues from acquired businesses of approximately $55 million. Electric segment operating income margins in 3Q21 were 12.4%, slightly lower than 12.7% in 3Q20, but better than our initial expectations. Operating margins benefitted from record emergency restoration revenues of approximately $230 million, which typically present opportunities for higher margins than our normal base business activities due to higher utilization, as well as overall solid execution across our electric operations. Additionally, segment margins benefited from approximately $10 million of income associated with our LUMA joint venture. Otherwise, a slight reduction in operating margin versus prior year was attributable to normal job variability and mix of work and our communication operations, which delivered mid-single-digit margins during the quarter. As a reminder, last year's third quarter Electric Power results also included, what was at the time, a record level of emergency restoration revenues. Underground Utility and Infrastructure segment revenues were $1.02 billion for the quarter, 12% higher than 3Q '20 due primarily to increased revenues from gas distribution and industrial services. Though our operations experienced increased activity year-over-year, current quarter revenues and margins in our industrial operations were negatively impacted by disruptions along the Gulf Coast attributable to Hurricane Ida, and both our industrial and non-U.S. markets within this segment remain pressured by COVID-19 dynamics. Third quarter operating income margins for the segment were 6.7%, 107 basis points lower than 3Q 20, but generally in line with our expectations. Margins for the year -- margin for the third quarter of 2020, benefited from favorable adjustments on certain larger pipeline projects with both scope changes and favorable closeouts in the quarter. Our total backlog was $17 billion at the end of the third quarter, the fifth consecutive quarter we posted record total backlog. Additionally, 12 month backlog of $9.8 billion also represents a quarterly record. Our backlog growth continues to be driven primarily by multi-year MSA programs with North American utilities, which we believe reinforces the repeatable and sustainable nature of the largest portion of our revenues and earnings. The Blattner acquisition occurred after September 30th, and accordingly, their backlog is not included in our current reportedly levels. However, the total backlog from Blattner and the other 4Q acquisitions is approximately $1.8 billion. For the third quarter of 2021, we generated negative free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, of $40 million, compared to $70 million of positive free cash flow in 3Q '20. Net cash provided by operating activities during the third quarter of 2021, although largely in line with our expectations, was down due to higher revenues and corresponding increases in working capital demands compared to prior year, which benefited from lower revenues and a corresponding lower use of working capital. Also, 3Q '20 benefited from the deferral of $41 million of payroll taxes in accordance with the Cares Act, 50% of which are due by December 31, 2021, with the remainder due by December 31, 2022. Partially offsetting these dynamics was a favorable impact of increased earnings as compared to 3Q '20. Days sales outstanding, or DSO, measured 89 days for the third quarter of 2021, an increase of 7 days compared to the third quarter of 2020, and an increase of 6 days compared to December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to elevated working capital requirements associated with 2 large Canadian transmission projects driving an increase in contract assets. Specific to the Canadian projects, both continue to encounter work stoppage protocols in Canada associated with COVID mitigation, as well as delays attributable to, among other things, wildfires impacting access to worksite. These dynamics created substantial inefficiencies and production delays resulting in increased project costs. We are in active discussions with both customers regarding change orders associated with these increased costs, some of which have already been approved, with the remaining amounts being pursued in the normal course. In addition, normal variability in work production and associated payment cycles across our operations contributed to slightly higher DSO in the quarter. As Duke discussed, and as we previously announced, we closed on the acquisition on October 13th. Prior to the closing in September 2021, we issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes with a weighted average interest rate of 2.12%. Receiving net proceeds of $1.48 billion. Accordingly, as of quarter end, we had approximately $1.7 billion of cash. Subsequent to the quarter, we amended our credit agreement to, among other things, provide a term loan facility of $750 million, which was fully drawn and combined with the net proceeds from the senior notes offering to fund a substantial majority of the cash consideration payable to the Blattner shareholders at closing. Our highlight that our financial strategy and consistent performance have allowed us to maintain investment-grade ratings subsequent to these financing transactions. From a capital allocation perspective, Blattner represents the largest acquisition in Quanta's history and a strategic opportunity to expand the solutions we deliver to support North America's transition to carbon-neutral energy infrastructure. Capital deployment for strategic acquisitions has always been a key part of our strategy, but as we've discussed in the past, our first priority for capital allocation remains supporting the working capital and equipment needs of our existing operations. While the debt issued to support the Blattner acquisition moved our leverage profile above our target range, it remains well below the financial covenant requirements in our credit facility, and we believe we can efficiently deliver, while continuing to create shareholder value through our dividend and repurchase programs, as well as strategic acquisitions. To the date of this earnings release, we've acquired approximately $64 million worth of stock since the beginning of the year as part of our repurchase program and we'll continue to evaluate potential acquisitions that fit our strategic objectives. To that end, during the third quarter and through the date of the earnings release, in addition to Blattner, we acquired 3 additional businesses and made a minority investment in another, for total combined consideration of approximately $110 million. These incremental transactions further enhance our ability to deliver comprehensive infrastructure solutions to our North American utility and communications customers. Turning to our guidance. Our outlook for the remainder of the year reflects the strength of our core utility backed operation, which continued to deliver solid results with robust year-over-year growth. However, the results of companies acquired during and subsequent to the third quarter, including Blattner's operations, will be included in our consolidated financial statements, which makes comparability to our previous expectations challenging. It should be noted that we are in the very early stages of establishing Blattner's specific opening balance sheet, which includes assessing the positions of our ongoing projects as of the closing and dialing the tangible and intangible assets acquired. The results of those ongoing efforts will have a meaningful impact on Blattner 's forth quarter contribution, which we've attempted to address in the range of our fourth-quarter expectations for the acquired businesses. That said, excluding the expected contributions from the recently acquired companies, we now expect full-year revenues from our legacy operations, to range between $12.15 to 12.35 Billion. Due to the strength of our consolidated performance for the first nine months of the year, we are increasing our expectations for the contribution of our legacy operations to adjusted EBITDA, to range between $1.17 billion and $1.2 billion. With the midpoint of the range representing an increase over our previous guidance and 13% growth when compared to 2020's record adjusted EBITDA. As it relates to our current reportable segments. While we continue to evaluate how these change may change with the addition of Blattner, I wanted to provide some color on our current expectations compared to our previous commentary, again, excluding contributions from the recently acquired business. We continue to expect full-year revenues to range between $8.7 and $8.8 billion for our legacy electric segment operation. However, based on strong performance through the first 9 months of the year, and continued confidence in our ability to execute on the opportunities across the segment, we've increased our full-year margin range for the segment, for 2021 operating margins expected to come in slightly above 11%. Our full-year expectations for the underground utility and infrastructure solution segment, however, have slightly moderated due primarily to lower third quarter revenue levels than previously expected. Accordingly, we are reducing our full-year expectations for the segment, for its revenue is now expected to range between $3.45 and $3.55 billion while segment margins are now expected to range between 4.5% and 5%, which includes the $23.6 million provision for credit loss recognized in the second quarter, a nearly 70 basis point negative impact on a full-year basis. With regard to the recently acquired companies, operations I spoke of earlier, including Blattner, we expect post-closing revenue contributions for the year to range between $400 and $500 million and adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP measure, ranging between $40 million and $60 million. Accordingly, including the expected contributions from the recently acquired companies, we now expect our consolidated full-year revenues to range between $12.55 billion and $12.85 billion and adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure of between $1.21 and $1.26 billion. Corporate and unallocated costs will increase significantly primarily due to the acquired big companies. We currently estimate amortization expense for the full year will be between $149 million and $159 million, with $60 million to $70 million attributable to the recently acquired companies. Stock compensation expense for the full year is now expected to be approximately $89 million, with approximately $2 million attributable to restricted stock units issued to employees in the acquired companies. Acquisition and integration costs are expected to be approximately $26 million for the fourth quarter, resulting in approximately $36 million for the year. This includes approximately $10.5 million of expenses associated with change of control payments awarded to certain employees of Blattner, by the selling shareholders, which require expense accounting, as they have a one-year service period requirement. We expect a comparable dollar amount will be accrued each quarter post-closing until the one-year anniversary of the transaction, at which time the payments will be made to the employee. We intend to include this amount as an adjustment to arrive at our adjusted EPS and adjusted EBITDA, both non-GAAP measures. Below the line, we expect interest expense for the year to be around $67 million, which includes approximately $16 million of incremental interest expense associated with debt financing used to fund the cash portion of the Blattner acquisition. Additionally, we now expect our full-year tax rate to be around 24%, reflecting a slight reduction from our prior expectations due primarily to a favorable shift in the mix of earnings between various taxing jurisdictions. As a result, our expectation for full-year diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock is now between $3.20 and $3.40 and our increased expectation for adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock, a non-GAAP measure is now between $4.62 and $4.87. On a consolidated basis, we now expect free cash flow for the year to range between $350 and $500 million. This slight decrease is primarily due to potential timing of payments associated with emergency restoration efforts, as well as the likelihood that the dynamics impacting the larger Canadian projects continued to pressure DSO in the fourth quarter. Additionally, while we expect Blattner will be meaningfully accretive to our cash flow profile on an annual basis, we expect certain favorable billing positions at the time of acquisition could unwind as Blattner incurs costs in the fourth quarter to finish projects for which they've already received payments. This dynamic could minimize Blattner's cash contribution during the quarter, which we factored into our range of expectation. As we've stated in prior quarters, our quarterly free cash flow is subject to sizable movements due to various customer and project dynamics that can occur in the normal course of operations. For additional information, please refer to our Outlook Summary, which can be found in the financial info section of our IR website at quantaservices.com. Overall, we continue to believe we are in the early stages of a significant infrastructure investment cycle. And the acquisition of Battner further differentiates us in the markets we serve and expands our ability to deliver solutions to support North America's transition to carbon-neutral energy infrastructure. We remain confident in our ability to execute against the opportunities in front of us while maintaining the financial flexibility to opportunistically deploy capital to deliver long-term shareholder value. This concludes our formal presentation and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. We ask you to please ask one question and one follow-up then return to the queue. [Operator instructions] One moment, please, while we poll for questions. And as a reminder, that's one question, one follow-up, then please return to the queue. Our first question today is coming from Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Your line is now live.
Chad Dillard: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Derrick Jensen: Good morning.
Chad Dillard: I just want to zero in on some of the areas of business that underperformed expectations of the quarter. I guess, first of all, on the communication side, you guys talked about some higher costing jobs impacting margins. First of all, can you quantify that? And then do you see that coming back on track as we go into the fourth quarter '22? And then on the Industrial Services side, I think you talked about some storm issues impacting results. Is that business still profitable or was that business profitable in the third quarter? And just lastly, on the Canadian projects that you called out, just want to confirm whether there were -- were charges taken or was this just a working capital swing and were those DSOs normalized?
Duke Austin: Hey, good morning. I think when we look at the Telecom business, we did call it out [Indiscernible] we're operating from mid single-digits instead of upper-single to double-digits when we looked at it. So it's not performing terrible. It's not where we want it to be. The macro market is very good and robust. The closeouts on a few projects are very difficult but the large majority or the vast majority of the business is performing in those double-digit margins and offsetting anything there as minimal, as we said on the call, from a charge standpoint or really just cost standpoint when we close things out. We'll go from there, but I do think we added backlog. We continue to build backlog in this segment. We see a long runway there and we did start up some wireless capabilities, it has some cost in it. In general, incidental to the Company, incidental to the segment, we like the market long-term, we will get into double-digits there over time. Canada, when we looked at Canada, I think in general, the projects are performing well. We still see some COVID effects there to the Delta variant on some of those projects. There is some delays in getting billing cycles, billing points there as we run through a project, I think. So that it's more of a billing issue of when can we get things build versus any problems with the project or charges. We did not take charges on Canadian projects. We performed very well. And the storm, yes, it did have a positive effect to the electric segment. It does when we get storms like that, it was up a little bit bigger than last year from the standpoint. Fairly large storm for us, I think it shows our collaborative effect with the client, how we've got in and work our front-end services, we're still working the storm for our clients. It just shows the longevity of the Company and what we've done on the front side of the business to collaborate with the client, to get things up faster, to do a nice job there for them. And I think we performed very well there. Offset, but it did have some impact on some of our underground segments as it always does when it comes in. So you get some offset and you also come off some larger work to go pick up storm. So those things offset some in the quarter.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then just my second question is a little bit longer term. It has to do with labor. Clearly there's a lot of work coming down the pipe to de -carbonize the U.S. and you guys have the Northwest Lineman College. But just trying to understand just your strategy for scaling labor. Maybe you could start off with how much throughput do you have into your ranks from Northwest Lineman College. And then how can you scale that program to meet that future labor needs? And then lastly, maybe you can talk about whatever innovations or technology you have to minimize or actually improve labor productivity of your workers and your business.
Duke Austin: [Indiscernible] I think if you're just now trying to scale labor, you're long ways behind. We've spent about $150 million over the last 5 years and we're way ahead of that. So in my mind, we've done that. We've proven that we grow the Company, that's who we are. This is craft skilled labor, and not labor. In my mind, we self-perform about 85-90% of our business for a reason. And it's this reason, when you get tight labor markets, we can perform, we could perform on time, on budget, and give our client what they're asking for which is certainty. And we're doing that on a daily basis. That's why we're collaborating, that's why you're seeing expansion. As far as productivity, I'll put our margins up against it and show the growth of the Company, the growth of our internal labor force. The 3,000 or 5,000 that we add every year to that labor force is proof that we can do it, we can scale it. We are scaling it and the productivity speaks for itself, and the margins.
Chad Dillard: Thanks, I'll hop back in.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question today is coming from Alex Rygiel from B. Riley. Your line is now live.
Alex Rygiel : Thank you, gentlemen. As it relates to higher DSOs due to the cost in delays on the two Canadian electrical transmission projects, can you address your confidence in collecting on these and what the likely timing of that will be?
Duke Austin: Yeah. So on the DSOs there in Canada and our likelihood. Canada has traditionally had larger DSOs and projects are bigger. Some of the time frames in the way that milestone billings go in. It's typically been this way. We have a high degree of confidence and probability in collecting outlet. Derrick, comment on the DSOs.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah. Exactly. What I would comment on is that from a timing perspective right now. I think it would be post year-end, which is reflected in our cash flow commentary. I think it is probably going to be more in the first quarter and second quarter of next year.
Duke Austin: Both projects with longstanding clients, we have great relationships with that I believe ultimately, we're in very good shape. We're quite confident.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Sean Eastman from KeyBanc, your line is now live.
Sean Eastman: Hi Gentlemen, thanks for taking my questions. I feel like coming through earnings here just a lot of concerns around the renewables supply chain. I know you guys obviously just completed a big acquisition tied to renewable development into next year. I guess just in light of what you're seeing in the supply chain, could you maybe update us on how much cushion you think you have in that 2022 Blattner outlook that you framed back in September. Do you think that outlook is bias to the upside or is that looking increasingly realistic at this point?
Duke Austin: If you said 2,5 to 2,7, we standby it. We standby today. We know more about the Company today than we did when we talked about it before. We feel highly confident in those numbers. And I would just say, in general, yes, there is some supply chain noise, is what I would call it, and I think us having the breadth of Quanta, the breadth of Blattner is only from my standpoint helps us to add to who we are. It adds to how we can go execute. And I want to also say, when we think about Blattner and we think about this long term, we're looking 20 years and we've given guidance out. Not only do we stand by the 2-6 2-7 that we've given, which also gave a 2025 guidance of 3.6. We stand by that even more today.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Fair enough, Duke. Thanks for that. And maybe you could comment on how Luma is trending relative to what they need to be doing to capture those performance incentives. Could that be upside in the fourth quarter? I'm just not exactly sure how that works. And obviously, a lot of noise in the headlines still. So great to get an update there.
Duke Austin: Yes. So Luma, we expected noise in the headlines. I think we've said that from the start, and as you transition to these large transitions on an island, it does have some noise to it. We're performing very well underneath the governor, the government is very much behind it. What we're doing is the right thing. We will transition that all into a modern system. We're doing so every single day, you can't get the payments on the upside of those payments until we get into a full contract which doesn't go into a full contract until bankruptcy's declared out of bankruptcy, and then it goes into a 15-year contract. But as we stand today, we are in a contract that just has not started on the 15 years until they come out of bankruptcy. There was some favorable rulings on the bankruptcy proceedings in the last week or so, I believe. Really good stuff going on underneath, a little noisy on the top, primarily around the generation which we don't control. I feel confident in our ability to perform there and what we're doing for the people that [Indiscernible]
Sean Eastman: Okay. Thanks a lot, Duke. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Thanks. The next question today is coming from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team. I want to spend a little time on transmission and there is breaking news of the whole thing of the NECEC transmission project. And do you [Indiscernible] foresee some risks the electric power top-line growth in the future due to regulatory concerns around large project activity in transmission, and any of the current projects that you're working on facing similar risks that we should be aware of?
Duke Austin: I look at it like this. I saw [Indiscernible] most of our clients either add to their $20 billion of backlog over time, of what they're going to build in the CapEx and OpEx over the quarter. Almost every single one of them added to what they're trying to do from an energy transition. The large projects may get headlines and people want to talk about them. We're right around the edges on every one of them. They are additive to anything we said. The 85% of our business that still exist today, is -- the MSA work, those capital spend, there's undergrounding, what Energy said yesterday on [Indiscernible], those kind of things and with the tight labor supply. So any headline you're reading or what you read into something on large projects. It's not affecting the underlying business in our growth trajectories. We've given good guidance on that. The 85% mid-upper single-digits, you can look at our track record over the last 5-6 years and see what it looks like. I expect that going forward.
Neil Mehta: That's really clear and thank you for saying that. The follow-up is around the budget reconciliation package. Would spending from both the budget reconciliation package, depending on what form it takes, and the bipartisan infrastructure build directly drive project activity that Quanta could be involved in? And that's over and above the base case growth that you talk about.
Duke Austin: I think you're going through energy transition, as we said. And I think the sentiment around North America and around what we're hearing, even in Canada, you're seeing more and more transition. And as you go into EVs, as you go into your renewables coming on, and you are also doubling load over time. And I think that's the unknown, is people don't understand that you're doubling load, and you're going to a carbon free fuel source. So as you do those things, you're going to need hydrogen, you're going to need tons of renewables. And I think in order to do that, you got to how transmission and we're sitting in very, very good spaces in all these areas. And it allows us through policy or without policy, we'll continue to see that sentiment move forward. That's what we see. I do think when both the five and plan. The plans that we've seen are additive to anything we said.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Duke.
Duke Austin: Absolutely.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is now live.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. I guess, two questions. One sort of short-term once or a longer-term. First, Derrick, can you help us understand the Industrial business or stronghold business. What is implied for the revenue in sort EBITDA, if any contribution in your 2021 guidance and just the opportunity for that business to be more accretive to margins and earnings as we look to 2022. And then my second question Duke, just longer term is, as we think about good long-term secular trends. You have Blattner, infrastructure etc. Could you sort of help us reframe how you're thinking about the electric power margins, over the longer-term, and is there more of an upward bias versus how you've thought about margins historically? Thank you.
Duke Austin: And good morning, Jamie. I will take a little bit of [Indiscernible] and I'll let Derrick comment on the numbers. But in general, what we see is, we see an increase in that business in the fourth quarter a bit. I would say you have a higher oil price, so they'll be reluctant to do much in this environment. But as we go into next year, we see a real strong turnaround year. We believe that the business is coming back meaningfully. I feel confident in the next year on the business, but I'll let Derrick comment on the fourth quarter.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah, as it relates to -- go ahead, Jamie.
Jamie Cook: Yes. Sorry, go ahead. Go ahead, Derrick.
Derrick Jensen: I was just going to say, relative to the fourth quarter, I think it would be slightly profitable, which is what we have said, that they could be back and returning into a degree of profitability overall. That group is at slightly north of $500 million for '21 going into '22. I think we see it having the ability to start to return to the degree of normalcy that we talked about in the past. Those numbers have been north of a $700 million number. I don't know quite yet. It's too early to comment as to whether we'll get into those type levels, but I think we'll definitely see an increase. And we would see that it would be largely returning to some of that historical profitability again. I want to see how this fourth quarter plays out though.
Jamie Cook: And sir, can you remind me how you're thinking about historic profitability for strongholds?
Derrick Jensen: Historically, they were a double-digit EBITDA.
Jamie Cook: Okay, So there's potential for that in 2022?
Derrick Jensen: I do believe there is potential for that. Yeah. We are already [Indiscernible]. It will be [Indiscernible] guidance, so we'll see how it starts perform. But yeah, I think in the range of the guidance you'll could see that. As far as the electric power segment, I think when we put stronghold in -- when we put stronghold in, I mean, we see a double-digit margin Company. And as we look at it going forward, we believe that the segment will perform in those areas. Obviously, as we go into '22 we will be prudent about how we guide as we always are. We've got to get through whether we have a lot of [Indiscernible] performing in the field. And I think in general when we think about it, the business is healthy. It's in a good secular macro-environment. We really like where we sit. We think we're doing great things collaboratively. And anything that Blattner has is added to us. And again, their culture and what we're doing internally as far as melting together and looking for opportunity, I can only say that I feel stronger about it today than I did October 3rd.
Jamie Cook: But, I guess my question is, do you see longer-term in upward bias? Is it more profit dollar growth versus margin? Is that the way to think about it?
Duke Austin: I think it's more -- from my standpoint, we're trying to deliver cash to the bottom line. And the returns, as far as capital, those kind of things, we'll operate in the same kind of profile we have in the past on the Electric segment. Blattner is additive from a standpoint -- from a CapEx standpoint on a return basis. So I -- they're accretive.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Marc Bianchi from Cowen. Your line is now live.
Marc Bianchi: Hey, thanks. I wanted to talk about the acquired businesses and what's implied for fourth quarter and try to understand that in the context of the Blattner guidance for '21, or '22 excuse me. I think if I take this fourth quarter revenue from the acquired businesses, it's like a run rate of $1.8 billion annually. And the Blattner guide, I think you said earlier, 2,5 to 2,7 for '22, so is there just a lot of seasonality in that business? Is there -- are there some projects moving around or perhaps it's just conservatism? I'm curious if you could help us understand that progression a little better.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah, sure. Partly, it's only a partial quarter contribution that we did not acquire the Company exactly at the quarter, so there's only a part of October, so that's a component of it. Two, exactly. It's unfair to annualize a given quarter much like it is on Quanta. We have a degree of seasonality. You can't take any given quarter and annualize that. There are movements of projects and seasonality. That is still yet the case as well for Blattner and any of the companies that we acquire. We still yet feel very comfortable with the 2.5-2.7 original guidance for Blattner irrespective of this quarter contribution. And then lastly, there is a bit of just [Indiscernible] at starts and stops of projects, affecting the number. And then probably the last point that you raised is that we have been trying to be a bit prudent with the contribution because of the fact that we have, just outflows the transaction, we got opening balance sheet work to do. Looking at how some of that opening balance sheet will play out to the rest of those contracts. So 4 or 5 different factors there, but net-net, we feel very comfortable still with 2,5-2,7 annual '22 contribution.
Marc Bianchi: Okay. Super, thanks for that. Maybe looking longer-term, Duke, you mentioned CO_2 and hydrogen pipeline opportunity work down the road. How big could that business be for you, maybe on a on a percentage of what you do today or maybe what the dollar addressable market might look like, and how does that differ from the work you do today on a maybe per mile basis or however you want to talk about it, is it much larger in terms of total dollars per mile a pipeline or what ever the scope of the work is?
Duke Austin: No, I don't think so. When we look at it, we're really just thinking about it. It's part of the segment and much like you would think about LNG when you're moving LNG or you're doing things. Really what you're seeing is the transition of infrastructure, where our role is in this infrastructure transition as we move into the future. I mean, I think we just sit right in the middle of it on anything you can think about is that transition. Whether they need -- they're going to need pipe to move it and they're also going to need pipe to move hydrogen and into blend into natural gas, and I think when you start blending that, you have different infrastructure. So all these different things that we're bringing into the markets: batteries, EV, renewables, technology with 5G, all those things are certainly where we sit. And as we sit in the nucleus of that and we think about it, as we think about Blattner and where they sit in all this, that transition is something that Quanta is really focused on from a labor standpoint, a technology standpoint, and how we help and collaborate with the client, not only from where they're at today, but how they transition. So at the very front end of that is where we're playing and it's early in hydrogen, I do think there's going to be a significant amount of opportunity going forward. But we're already seeing where turbines in power plants on gas are starting to blend and even spec, hydrogen to some degree. So it's going to be a piece of the nucleus of how you regulate and keep the grid balanced. The bigger issue with the grid is to balance it. Signed, when, and then the balance thereof so hydrogen will play a part in it.
Marc Bianchi: Okay, thanks very much.
Duke Austin: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question today is coming from Noelle Dilts from Stifle. Your line is now live.
Noelle Dilts : Hi guys, good morning.
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Noelle Dilts : I wanted to just -- good morning. I just wanted to touch on, from a very high level maybe, how we should think about the timing or cadence of work in 2022. I have 2 questions related to that. The first is, if higher steel or raw material costs are impacting timing at all, are you seeing any projects really pushed to the right? And then second, if you could touch on how we should think about Blattner typical seasonality, would be helpful. Thanks.
Duke Austin: Yeah, I'll comment on the -- as far as the commodities, we are seeing some escalation in commodity pricing. It has not affected the business, it's not material. I think our scale, our ability to move from project to project, while one, they delay, others are coming in, I just -- the amount, the macro environment there, that's part of the reason you want to scale. And then our renewable business or any business that we're in, we want to scale. Scale allows us flexibility, allows us flexibility with the client. And also our buying power. I mean, when you look at Fleet and how will we manage through Fleet, there's constraints to others with Fleet and our ability to really work with the client, work with our customers, and our suppliers on that has given us really, what I think, a competitive advantage going forward. I'll let Derrick comment on the rest.
Derrick Jensen: And one other point I guess is that to the extent that there's anything for fluctuations in the timing of Blattner and any of that would be, from a supply perspective, could lead to projects pushing to the right at any given point in time. Not necessarily in our minds impacting a profitability type dynamic but could push things around. But having said that from overall seasonality, I think I'd probably say it's reasonably similar to our overall Electric power operations. Probably really a little bit lower in the first, rising in the second, stronger in the third and in the fourth being either comparable to or having a slight decline, depending upon the timing of any of these supply type dynamics. But largely, I think I'd say it's similar to our historical electric power patterns.
Duke Austin: I would say our commentary on Blattner on the numbers that we've given you based upon us and whether we are going into next year or not. [Indiscernible] any supply chain issue, we are highly confident in those numbers.
Noelle Dilts : Okay, great. That's really helpful. And then second, I just wanted to clarify one point, within underground utility and infrastructure. On the LDC business, I know you said you're still seeing strong demand there. When you mentioned the COVID impact to margins, was that mostly a strong hold or did you also see that at any LDC business? And if you could comment on where margins are running today or this year versus where you expect them to be over the next couple of years. Thanks.
Derrick Jensen: Actually, some of the other COVID dynamics were a little bit in Canada, London, Australia, and then yes, in some of the industrial side pressuring it, not really so much on the LDC side. I think we're seeing normal operations for the most part on the LDC side. And then from a margins perspective, we're continuing to see that comparable to what we've been speaking to, trending towards getting into that upper single-digit overall as we go forward. We feel confident in our ability to [Indiscernible] that with LDC operation.
Duke Austin: Yeah. No, I would say to our Canadian operations, I think were probably the most affected with COVID, certainly. And when we look at it, we look at it going forward and we've started some nice projects up there and I think we're in from a good shape on the GAAP side. And as far as on the electric side, we had commentary around that and obviously we've got -- the health and safety of these employees are what we're really focused on, to make sure they're safe every day and we've given them great mitigation and great plans to be safe. We've done that through the Company and have not missed work yet for two years. And I fully expect us to operate right through it and we're going to work with our client on any mandate there may be in geographically or holistically.
Noelle Dilts : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time and to accommodate additional questions, we ask you please limit yourself to one question. Our next question is coming from Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Your line is now live.
Brent Thielman: Hey, thank you. Thanks for taking the questions. I just want to follow up on the gas utility portion of underground, maybe just give the latest and greatest in terms of what you're seeing among customers for modernization programs going forward. Do you still think that portion of the business can achieve the growth rates you've seen a bit of last several years going forward?
Duke Austin: We like the business long term. There's mandates around methane gas release, cast-iron replacements. We've seen some great stuff with hydrogen coming along and we really like the business on the underground. But I want to go back again and say it's a portfolio. If we can build underground electric with gas carriers, that's what we're going to do. We're going to go and really consolidate offices, leverage our capabilities in the field as some gas operations will be performed in underground electric. I'm not really worried about it from the segmentation standpoint. In my mind, we're going to fully utilize our people with the highest impact on the profitability of the Company. And I -- that's what we're focused on, whether it be Telecom, Gas, Electric, some of the equipment is like type of people for the most part, are very much like type. So we can operate throughout our portfolio of our service lines. If we do it properly and leverage our capabilities at the field level, which is that's what this Company is focused on, it's driving the margin of the whole.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Adam Thalhimer from Thompson David, your line is now live.
Adam Thalhimer : Hey, good morning, guys. Do still think that with the hydrogen and CO_2 lines there's actually less industry pushback?
Duke Austin: It's a complicated dynamic, whether you go green hydrogen. It's just hard. I would say it's corrosive, it burns hot. There's just that it's different. And I think when we think about it, we're working with the client. And in your early stages, it is a part of the solution. And everybody -- we're going to have to regulate the grid, the load is that we get curves in the load and that load regulation is a big deal and especially without interconnections and the difficulty building transmission. While we talk about it a lot, it's still difficult to build large projects and the underlying underneath has to be very, very robust. And so you get a lot of smaller projects and you get a lot of other things that you can do. So I do think hydrogen is just a piece of what we're trying to accomplish as utilities go into their transitions in this renewable state and are you going to build the transmission as well? It's going to stock on top, it's just a timing thing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ian Macpherson from Piper Sandler. Your line is now live.
Ian Macpherson : Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Duke, I heard, I think $110 million of quarter-to-date [Indiscernible] following Blattner. I had imagined that inorganic strategy might tap the brakes a little bit. As we integrate Blattner, not the case, short-term, and I know that's a big part of your DNA and what Quanta does really, really well. But just curious on your thoughts on the merits versus risks of investing more pro-cyclically, now that things are hotter, evaluations are probably hotter, maybe there's more embedded backlog risk and targets you might acquire. So just your thoughts on what the go-forward cadence might look like for additional acquisitions. Thanks.
Duke Austin: I think when we looked at it, we had some ongoing M&A. And I think that remains to some degree. We've never been out looking for acquisitions. When companies come, they have a strong need forum in a region and I think we've made very good ones and very good acquisition. Again, we're not looking forward. We just made $2.7 billion acquisition and we're going to be prudent about how we manage this Balance Sheet. And I've said all along, we will generate cash and pay down debt. And that's part of who we are, but we're not going to walk away from great companies. We don't feel at all like we've stretched this Balance Sheet given the fact of the macro market and what we see. While we are -- well, I would say yes, will probably tap the breaks a bit. Certainly, we are not going to pass on companies that we believe add value to the shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today is coming from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup, your line is now live.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning guys.
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Andy Kaplowitz: Duke, I know of even a few years ago you deemphasized large oil and gas pipelines but in the last quarter I think you talked about winning some larger projects in that space and obviously oil prices are higher now. It seems like there are a couple of projects out there that you could bid on. How do you view the more traditional projects these days? Is there an active pipeline? Could there be significant growth in that world?
Duke Austin: I think when we talked about that last quarter, when we were in construction on some in Canada today. We're opportunistic there. We can operate that business quite profitably. We're just not, in my mind, we decided not to invest in it and not to continue to invest. So that's a little bit different. We can still do a billion dollars in the business, we can do $2 billion in the business from what we have today. So we don't have to invest more in capital. We have the people, we have the things that we can do. As you look at carbon sequestration and all the lines there and all the things that are coming up on hydrogen, it certainly plays into the business and we'll look at it. We have the capabilities entirely. We'll continue to take the opportunities that'll stack onto anything we're doing. Whether it be Canada, the U.S. but there is some nice projects out there and then certainly around the edges on every one of them. But we're not going to take the risk that it's not something that we have to have. And when we guide, it will be $3 to $500 million. I can almost tell you right now. And that's what it'll look like if we do $2 billion great. We'll let you know.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today comes from Michael Dudas from Vertical Research. Your line is now live.
Michael Dudas : Yes. Thanks. Regarding Duke the capital budgets that your utility clients are putting forth for 2022 I'm certain and beyond. Has there been a significant mix? I'm talking more from the T&D side on hardening resilience relative to new investment replacement. Is that shifting? Are they focusing more on the former? And I'm assuming there is not a major difference in margin or utilization depending on what you guys do for them, but just wanted to -- if you could share your thoughts on that.
Duke Austin: It's all of the above. So I think when we look at it depends on where you are at geographically, but certainly all of the above [Indiscernible], escalate. We've seen undergrounding certainly come about in a significant way. Those two things are there. I think what's underappreciated is the amount of infrastructure and the modernization necessary on the distribution system to handle the load of [Indiscernible]. When you start putting these cars' batteries on at night and on the distribution load of what it does to the system, I think it's underestimated on the cost and the amount of work that's out there, capital that's necessary to get these systems ready for electric vehicles. I just -- in my mind, it's just underappreciated.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is coming from Justin Hauke from Baird. Your line is now live.
Justin Hauke : Hi, good morning, everyone. I guess my question and thanks for all the questions you've answered. But, on Blattner, just the award activity in 3Q and since. Given that you talked about a lot of solar mix shift for next year relative to the wind projects, I guess, maybe just an update on how things are trending there. And if that mix shift is coming through, and then also it seems like there's been a lot of approvals for offshore wind projects, and I think that's outside of the house that you're looking at. But are there opportunities for you to participate on any of those?
Duke Austin: When we look at Blattner, I reiterated guidance pretty firmly in the '22 and talked about $3.5 billion to $3.6 billion in '25. The commitment there, we're really looking at megawatts, not projects. And the projects are certainly there if we decided to start, say, the reward we got. I just think it's not valuable to the shareholder nor is it productive. What we're saying is Q6, Q7 next year and $3.6 billion in '25 of top-line [Indiscernible]. That's how we see it. That's how robust it is. So it should give you a good idea of what we're seeing as a Company and how we said and depending on the future in the renewable business. In my mind, that shows where we're at and I think, again, the awards are there. We're certainly with the client, talking to them on a multiyear basis, not just one job. So that's their offshore. It's expensive. I think we have clients that are certainly, have their plans around offshore and we're certainly in there as far as interconnections, things that we we're good at we'll do. But primarily, as it comes on [Indiscernible], I just -- but I've said this a floor, but we have had bad luck with boats and I'm just not a boat fan.
Operator: The next question is coming from Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is now live.
Steven Fisher: Thanks a lot. It sounds like there's a learning curve on Telecom that you're experiencing now and I want to make sure we understand how to set our expectations on that from here as it relates to the margins. What are the different elements of the learning curves you have to get up? And when can we expect that to normalize such that we can have a more consistent margin expectation here on the Telecom side within that -- the electric segment. And just maybe a quick follow-up on -- just to clarify, on the Blattner deal, you've been extremely clear about the confidence that you have in the guidance numbers, but you've talked about the revenue numbers, not the EBITDA contribution. I just want to make sure there's no difference in your confidence in -- between the revenue and EBITDA. Thank you.
Duke Austin: Double-digit EBITDA on Blattner. As far as the Telecom, we've talked about it in length. I think, in general, what I would say is, the closeouts in the end, as far as engineering closeouts and things like that, and then some descoping us serve clients on their builds, created some effects in projects, We're still working with the client. We will do our best to claw stuff back. But if you think about it, if we get $200 million and we did 6% instead of 10%, it's $6 million, something like that. It's just -- it's not big numbers for us long-term and I think we're not seeing big effects to that as far as margins and we will get them in the double-digit ranges. We're operating for primarily in those ranges. We had some projects early on that are complicated and it's an Industry issue. It's not just us, so it's something that we're all faced with and some closeouts. And I think we're in the late stages of those closeouts and you'll start to see it get back into double-digits.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Duke Austin: First, I really want to welcome the people of Blattner and certainly the culture there and then the people in the field, the people that pay our pay checks. Thank them for what they do every day. And storms were tough. Our people perform extremely well through the tough environment down in the Gulf Coast and certainly the families lost lives and [Indiscernible] to there, it's tough. Our guys did really well and I'd like to thank all of you for participating in the conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. Close our call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter results, which can be found on -- in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2021 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we'll use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 5, 2021. And therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, but that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release, along with the company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases or other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like now to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary and will then turn it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a review of our second quarter results and full year 2021 financial expectations. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported solid results with record second quarter revenues and earnings per share. Backlog of $17 billion at the end of the quarter was also a record, which we believe reflects the benefits of our collaborative approach with customers and the continued advancement of our long-term growth strategies. We continue to see opportunities for multiyear growth across our service lines driven by our solution-based approach and the growth of programmatic spending with existing and new customers. Our electric power solutions operations had another strong quarter, with record revenues and better-than-expected margins, reflecting solid and safe execution, favorable end market conditions and continued momentum as a result of ongoing grade modernization, system hardening and renewable energy interconnections. Our Electric Power backlog continues to increase, driven primarily by significant multiyear master service agreements with utilities, which adds to the substantial MSA backlog growth from the first quarter. We are proud of our execution and confident in our strong market position to capitalize on the opportunities created by favorable long-term trends, driving utility investment and demand for our comprehensive solutions. As an example, one of our largest electric customers in the Western United States recently announced a major new multiyear program to underground approximately 10,000 miles of electric distribution power lines and high fire-threat districts in the utility service territory. This initiative is in the planning stages and is expected to incorporate input from numerous stakeholders and be implemented over a number of years. While it may seem like a bold endeavor and unprecedented in its scale, the imperative to mitigate the risk of wildfires and the economic and human costs caused by them, as evidenced over the last several years in the Western United States, soon will outweigh the capital investment necessary to complete this kind of program. Electric utilities in other areas of the country are also pursuing initiatives to underground critical infrastructure. Examples include electric transmission projects in the Northeast, distribution circuits along the coast lines, electric transmission line projects for offshore wind generation and undergrounding transmission and distribution initiatives by other utilities in California. Many of these initiatives are part of a large-scale, multiyear system hardening programs, which provide meaningful opportunities for Quanta. We continue to see accelerated renewable generation development and associated demand for our services, including transmission interconnects, substations and energy storage. Our customers continue to advance their efforts to achieve carbon neutrality, in large part through increasing renewable generation investments. For example, we have begun work on what will become the largest solar power battery storage center in the world for a long-standing utility customer. We believe public policy and the positive general sentiment supporting a greener environment will drive North America's power generation mix increasingly towards renewables over the near and longer term. And as these dynamics continue to advance, demand for our services could accelerate. Related to these opportunities, we are actively pursuing larger high-voltage electric transmission projects associated with interconnecting renewable generation, which are scheduled to be awarded by the end of this year, with work expected to begin in 2022. We believe Quanta is the industry leader in performing larger-scale high-voltage electric transmission projects in North America, with an industry-leading track record of safely executing for our customers on time and on budget, and we are well positioned for these opportunities. Additionally, we are experiencing accelerating activity and opportunities for our electric vehicle infrastructure installation and program management capabilities. We are in active discussions with several industry participants about managing the deployment of thousands of charging stations, both regionally and nationally. These are exciting and meaningful prospects but just part of the equation in our view. More importantly, we feel the market is underestimating the significant investment needed to modernize and expand the capacity of the electric distribution system to accommodate the mass deployment of retail and commercial fleet electric vehicle charging infrastructure. And finally, in June, LUMA Energy and its employees, as supported by Quanta and its joint venture partner, ATCO, commenced the operations and maintenance of Puerto Rico's electric power transmission and distribution system under a supplemental terms agreement, following nearly a year of preparation. In LUMA, we have created a purpose-built and effective operator for the Puerto Rico T&D system and the people of Puerto Rico. We remain steadfast in our commitment to continue to invest our time, expertise and resources to help drive efficient operations at LUMA as it works to deliver a modern, secure, resilient and affordable electric grid and to develop a highly trained, craft-skilled workforce for the future of Puerto Rico. Our communications operations performed well in the second quarter, and we continue to profitably scale and grow the business. As we discussed in our last earnings call, the subcontractor challenges we experienced in the first quarter were an isolated issue and did not continue into the second quarter. We are on track to generate high single- or double-digit operating income margins for the remainder of this year and remain confident in our ability to profitably grow our operations. Service providers continue to push fiber closer to the customer. Fiber backhaul justification is ongoing, and 5G wireless infrastructure development is increasing. Further, in response to the meaningful federal funding being provided for broadband network expansion in underserved markets, we are seeing accelerated spending by our cooperative and municipal electric customers who also provide communication services, allowing us to leverage our relationships to provide turnkey telecom solutions to them. On our first quarter earnings call, we announced a strategic alliance with and minority investment in a broadband technology partner. Under our alliance agreement with them, Quanta is serving as the program manager for a large-scale deployment of their fixed broadband technology. To that end, we recently began the large-scale installation of their technology in several cities, with opportunities to expand our technology into additional cities in 2022. We believe that Quanta is uniquely positioned between the communications and the utility industries to provide solutions for broadband and 5G technology deployments by leveraging existing infrastructure, and our relationship with this broadband technology provider is evidence of that. Our Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment generally performed well in the quarter, with the exception of a provision for the credit loss taken related to a customer that recently declared bankruptcy, which Derrick will discuss in his remarks. I will note, however, that this was not because of our performance or execution on the project and that even with the allowance, we were profitable on the work we performed. We continue to experience solid demand for our gas utility and pipeline integrity services, which are driven by regulated spend to modernize systems, reduce methane emissions, ensure environmental compliance and improve safety and reliability. Our industrial services and -- are strengthening and should continue to do so through the balance of this year. Further, we expect continued recovery of our industrial services operations in 2022 due to the return of customer maintenance and capital spending that was previously deferred due to the effects of COVID-19 on the downstream market. Additionally, we were recently awarded more than $350 million of larger pipeline projects, primarily in Canada. We expect a portion of this revenue to be recognized this year, with the majority of the revenue to be realized in 2022. Somewhat restraining the segment's recovery are heightened restrictions and concerns in Australia and Canada due to the surge of the Delta COVID-19 variant and its effect on our operations in those countries. I hope that our comments this morning and from our prior calls convey our confidence in the strategic initiatives we are executing on, the competitive position we have in the marketplace and our positive multiyear outlook. On our last earnings call, I commented that our positive outlook and strategic plan are not reliant on the infrastructure proposal being pursued in Washington, D.C. but that if the bill were enacted, it could provide incremental opportunity for Quanta over the near and longer term. As many of you know, significant progress has recently been made on a bipartisan infrastructure package that includes funding and policies to encourage new infrastructure development and modernization in several of our core markets. While additional political steps are still required, we are encouraged by what we see in the most recently proposed legislation. We believe our business is strong, and we continue to have a favorable outlook for the rest of this year. As a result, in our earnings release this morning, we raised our 2021 guidance. We believe this demonstrates the strength and sustainability of our business and long-term strategy, our ability to safely execute and our strong competitive position in the marketplace. We also believe that our business and opportunities for profitable growth in 2022 are gaining momentum, driven by our solutions-based approach, the growth of programmatic spending with the existing and new customers, opportunities for larger electric transmission projects and the opportunity for recovery of certain portions of our business that have been affected by the global pandemic. On prior calls, we have discussed our strategy of enhancing our front-end capabilities such as engineering and permitting to complement our world-class construction expertise, which is designed to provide differentiated, comprehensive and industry-leading solutions to our customers. I am pleased to report that our strategy has been well received by our customers across our service lines and is allowing us to better support them and capture more of their programmatic spend. Our markets continue to evolve and strengthen, driven by longer-term favorable trends, including modernization, system hardening, electrification, carbon neutrality initiatives and the adoption of new technologies. Additionally, our customers and regulators increasingly understand that the rapid growth in renewable generation, electric vehicles and data-intensive technologies bring significant intermittency, which strains existing systems and creates challenges for planning the grids and networks of the future. For these advancements to be successful, infrastructure requires redundancy to ensure reliability. We believe the infrastructure investment necessary to support these initiatives are still in the early stages of deployment, which provides us with years of visibility and growth opportunities. And finally, an important part of our value proposition to all of our stakeholders is Quanta's commitment to corporate responsibility and sustainability. To that end, earlier this week, we published our 2020 corporate responsibility report, which discusses the company's accomplishments last year as well as our commitments to people, planet and principles. Quanta has a great ESG story to tell, and we are pleased with the progress we are making to provide increased transparency into our corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives. We are focused on operating the business for the longer term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our second quarter results and 2021 expectations. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record second quarter 2021 revenues of $3 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $117 million or $0.81 per diluted share. And adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was $1.06. Our electric power revenues were $2.1 billion, a record for the second quarter and a 20% increase when compared to the second quarter of 2020. This increase was driven by continued growth in base business activities as well as contributions from larger transmission projects and revenues from acquired businesses of approximately $70 million. Electric segment operating income margins in 2Q '21 were 11% versus 10.3% in 2Q '20, led by continued execution strength, coupled with increased revenues, which contributed to improved equipment utilization and fixed cost absorption. Operating margins also benefited from approximately $7 million of income associated with our LUMA joint venture. Our communications operations, included within the electric segment, delivered mid-single-digit margins during the quarter. Due to some of the subcontractor and quality issues we identified in the first quarter, we transitioned field leadership on several projects, which led to more normalized margins during the quarter. Those transition activities have been completed, and we expect our communications operations will return to margins at or near double digits for the remainder of the year, similar to the second half of 2020. Underground utility and infrastructure segment revenues were $852 million for the quarter, 19% higher than 2Q '20, due primarily to increased revenues from gas distribution and industrial services, partially offset by reduced revenues from larger pipeline projects. Our industrial operations and non-U.S. markets within this segment remain pressured by COVID-19 dynamics, impacting core quarter revenues and margins. However, last year's second quarter results were more adversely impacted by pandemic-related disruptions. Second quarter operating income margins for the segment were 2.8%, 20 basis points lower than 2Q '20. Negatively impacting second quarter margins was the recognition of a $23.6 million provision for credit loss related to receivables from Limetree Refining, which declared bankruptcy in July 2021, an approximately 280 basis point impact on segment margins. Regarding the provision, our industrial operations had been providing regular turnaround and maintenance services to Limetree Refining's operations at its St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands refinery for several years. Following operational difficulties experienced at the St. Croix refinery, the refinery shut down operations during the second quarter. And shortly thereafter, Limetree Refining filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The bankruptcy process is in its early stages. However, given the uncertainty around the proceedings and the future operations at the St. Croix refinery, we've reserved a substantial portion of our outstanding receivables. We will continue to monitor the bankruptcy process and assess the likelihood of recovery as the facts and circumstances develop. This project began in 2018 and, even after the charge, remains nicely profitable. Excluding the impact of this provision, segment results were otherwise in line with our Q2 expectations. Our total backlog was a record $17 billion at the end of the second quarter, with 12-month backlog at $9 billion, both of which represent solid increases when compared to year-end and the second quarter of 2020. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter where we posted record backlog, a trend that continues to be driven primarily by multiyear MSA programs with North American utilities, which we believe continues to validate the repeatable and sustainable nature of the largest portion of our revenues and earnings. For the second quarter of 2021, we generated free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, of $126 million, $331 million lower than 2Q '20. Net cash provided by operating activities during the second quarter of 2021, although largely in line with our expectations, was negatively impacted by increased working capital requirements related to the continued ramp-up of 2 larger electric transmission projects in Canada and the timing that's associated with billings. The various work stoppage protocols in Canada associated with COVID mitigation have created substantial inefficiencies and production delays. These have led to increased project costs, some of which have already been approved, with the remaining amounts being pursued in normal course. Partially offsetting this was the favorable impact of increased earnings as compared to 2Q '20. The free cash flow generated in the second quarter of 2020 resulted from substantially reduced revenues and the corresponding reduction in working capital. Also during 2Q '20, we deferred the payment of both $58 million of federal and state income taxes and $30.7 million of payroll taxes. The federal and state income taxes were subsequently paid in July 2020, while 50% of the deferred payroll taxes are due by December 31, '21, with the remainder due by December 31, '22. Days sales outstanding, or DSO, measured 83 days for the second quarter of 2021, an increase of 1 day compared to the second quarter of 2020 and comparable to December 31, 2020. We had approximately $212 million of cash at the end of the quarter, with total liquidity of approximately $2.1 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio, as calculated under our credit agreement, of approximately 1.2x. As we've discussed in the past, our first priority for capital allocation remains supporting the working capital and equipment needs of our operations. However, we remain committed to delivering shareholder value through our dividend and repurchase programs as well as strategic acquisitions. Through the date of this earnings release, we've acquired approximately $58 million worth of stock since the beginning of the year as part of our repurchase program, and we continue to evaluate potential acquisitions that fit our strategic objectives. Turning to guidance. Based on the electric segment's strong performance through the first 6 months of the year and continued confidence in our ability to execute on the opportunities across the segment, we've increased our full year expectations for segment revenues, resulting in a range between $8.7 billion and $8.8 billion for 2021. Similarly, we are increasing our full year margin range for this segment, with 2021 operating margins now expected to range between 10.5% and 11%. Our full year expectations for the Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment, however, have slightly moderated due primarily to a lack of visibility into new project awards that could contribute to the back half of 2021 from our Canadian and Australian operations. Accordingly, we are reducing our full year expectations for this segment, with revenues now expected to range between $3.5 billion and $3.65 billion and segment margins ranging between 4.6% and 5.1%, which includes the $23.6 million or nearly 70 basis point negative impact on a full year basis associated with the provision for credit loss recognized in the second quarter. These segment operating ranges support our increased expectations for 2021 annual revenues of between $12.2 billion and $12.45 billion and adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, of between $1.13 billion and $1.21 billion. The midpoint of the range represents 11% growth when compared to 2020's record adjusted EBITDA. We now expect our full year tax rate to range between 24.25% and 24.75%, a slight reduction from our prior expectations due to favorable tax dynamics in the second quarter associated with certain deferred compensation items. As a result, our increased expectation for full year diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock is now between $3.40 and $3.76, and our increased expectation for adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock, a non-GAAP measure, is now between $4.32 and $4.68. We expect cash generation associated with our increased expectations for our revenue and earnings will be slightly offset by higher working capital requirements in the second half of the year. And accordingly, we are maintaining our free cash flow guidance for the year, expecting it to range between $400 million and $600 million. As we stated in prior quarters, our quarterly free cash flow is subject to sizable movements due to various customer and project dynamics that can occur in the normal course of operations. For additional information, please refer to our outlook summary, which can be found in the Financial Info section of our IR website at quantaservices.com. Overall, our core utility-based operations continue to execute at a high level, and we are well positioned to deliver solutions to meet the expanding capital and maintenance programs of our North American utility partners. We firmly believe we are in the early stages of a significant infrastructure investment cycle and our ability to train and deploy world-class craft-skilled labor differentiates us in the markets we serve. This craft skill foundation, coupled with our balance sheet strength, gives us the ability to deliver industry-leading solutions to our customers while maintaining the ability to opportunistically deploy capital to deliver long-term shareholder value. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question this morning is coming from Chad Dillard of Bernstein.
Chad Dillard: So my first question is just on the MSA part of your business. So to what extent are your customers entering these agreements to lock up labor? And is this like a primary motivating factor? Or is there -- are there other things at play that are driving some of the momentum? And then just like secondly, how much of your labor rates -- like, I guess, like what's the structure of like the labor rates that you're negotiating there? Are they passed through? And I'm talking more about like the portion of your labor that's nonunion.
Earl Austin: Yes. Chad, thanks. When we look at our MSA work going forward, I think when we're working with the customers in a collaborative manner, we're looking at their capital spend, they're working with us, and we're looking at that body of work or that body of capital over time and providing solutions to them through an MSA form. So it allows us to work with them in a strategic manner on a go-forward basis. And yes, somewhat to lock up resources, but also to make sure from a constructability and a prudency manner that we can go out and deliver it. I think when you look at labor and look at what we've done with labor and our ability to perform and perform at a cost and on time, we've been able to do that. And so the clients are recognizing that, and that's why we're having these conversations in a long-term manner and also independent services. As far as how we look at escalations in labor, we do pricing and escalations on all of our labor as we move forward. So that's something that we do and have done for the past 50 years.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then just a second question, more on some of the newer parts of your business, grid storage and charging station work that you're starting to do. So how transferable are the competitive advantages that you have on some of your large transmission work to those areas? How much of the business is comprised of revenue from those sources? And then I guess can you just talk about just like the contract structure, fixed versus reimbursable?
Earl Austin: Yes. There's two parts to most of these projects when you're thinking about renewables or anything really for that matter, battery storage. Your interconnections or substations and your collector systems that allow you to push the generation or storage onto the grid, so we're certainly involved in that on a daily basis. It's fairly technical and that's part of this. And the risk on the battery is big battery. So both of those things are something that we do quite often and very transferable from our standpoint on a go-forward basis, so something that we believe is right down the fairway for us. And when we look at pricing, it's both fixed, both unit-based, both lump sum either way, but we're very comfortable in that -- those type of projects. And we're not taking output risk or we're not taking product risk either on any of that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sean Eastman: Nice quarter. It'd be great to get a little more color on the market share opportunity surrounding the front-end capabilities, engineering, permitting. It seems like you've already been capturing share there. How significant is that? And why exactly are those front-end capabilities helping you capture more programmatic spend?
Earl Austin: I think we set out -- the company set out 6, 7 years ago to really work with the client at the customer level to develop a relationship-based discussion to provide them with resources for capital. And so when the customers have been struggling to get their capital spend because of permitting, because of engineering or whatever it may be, we felt like we can make a difference there, and there wouldn't be an intermediary between us and the client. And we felt like from a constructability position, we could better service the client to build. And so that, from our standpoint, we could deliver the resources, we could talk to the client on the front side of the business and deliver a capital project that was at the best cost to the rate payer. And that's how we look at it. We look at it from a rate payer standpoint and work with the client to deliver the best product we can in a prudent manner.
Sean Eastman: Okay. That's really interesting. And maybe shifting over to underground. Just as you guys are tracking the business here year-to-date, I mean, are you seeing anything structural in terms of change in those business lines that would preclude us from kind of getting back to a prepandemic run rate? Or should we still think about this business as kind of marching back up to that prepandemic EBIT run rate as the economy continues to reopen?
Earl Austin: Yes. Sean, I think when you look at the company, you look at the portfolio, we are getting operating leverage out of these larger operating units within our -- in the company. And when you look at the quarter, the second quarter, if you look at adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter, it's double digits. We set out to produce double-digit EBITDA, we're doing it. And yes, there's opportunities in our industrial segment on a go-forward basis to pick those up into higher upper single digits like we talked about before and also that piece of the segment. But in general, we're still looking at this in a portfolio. And we don't care if it's underground gas or underground electric, we are there to make sure that we fully utilize our resources and fully utilize equipment to produce the highest margin we can, no matter what the segment is.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: I guess just two questions. First question, can you help us understand the expectation, what the margins were in the communications business this quarter? I'm just trying to understand what that was relative to your electric power business because the margin performance there continues to be strong. So I'm just trying to understand the underlying performance there. And then, Duke, I guess, more a strategic question. The balance sheet is in great shape. You have great -- obviously, a lot of organic growth opportunity ahead of you. But when you think about some of these adjacent markets that you're trying to grow in, I'm just wondering if there's opportunities on the M&A side that the market is underappreciating and/or opportunities within underground utility that could potentially help accelerate the margin improvement in that segment.
Earl Austin: Yes. Thanks, Jamie. Telecom, kind of mid-single digits in the quarter, moving towards parity to electric on the forecast going forward. I think we're very close to that. As far as the balance sheet, when we look at it, obviously, we value everything against our stock. There's no shortage of opportunity in the market for sure. But we've transformed the company a little while back, and I think we're really proud of what we've done, and we're going to be prudent about how we go forward. There is places that we see that provide opportunity, both regionally and structurally, within the service line segments that we'll be looking at. But we look at a lot of different things and think about a lot of it strategically over the next decade, and we'll position the company properly going forward. But right now, we can grow the company organically as well. We've done that with Puerto Rico. I think it's still unnoticed. It's still undervalued. The opportunity there that we got in service this quarter, it's just amazing what the company has done and the people of this company. So I just -- that opportunity is large, and we're proud of it. As far as underground, we have a significant amount of underground out in the West, probably some of the largest in the West. So we're able to perform within the segments on the underground that we see. But if we can enhance the margins and certainly, we'll look at those acquisitions as we move forward.
Jamie Cook: Nice quarter.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ian MacPherson of Piper Sandler.
Ian MacPherson: I think what really stands out to me with your results is the continued momentum in the backlog for electric power. Duke, you've been very purposeful in your language for quarters that the infrastructure bill is not -- your multiyear growth outlook is not reliant or predicated on that in particular. But just anecdotally, do you see -- is your increasing MSA backlog, in some way, leaking in the utilities expectation, not only of all of the secular trends for the business, but also some expectation of that bill? Or do you see the bill still as an incremental layer of commitments from your customers that would materialize in more of a binary fashion once it's resolved?
Earl Austin: Yes. When we look at the infrastructure bill, I don't think anything we've talked about -- anything on a go-forward basis that we talked about, we can do without the bill. The bill itself, there's large transmission, 2030 projects out there that are not utility-based. For the most part, they're difficult that if you got some DOE backstop and things like that, it would certainly move those forward. That would be great for the industry, great for the renewable sentiment and things of that nature. So no issues there, and it would certainly be additive to anything we've talked about. But that being said, the sentiment around renewables and the interconnections and what's needed, I spoke to my script about redundancy. And it goes unrecognized, the way technology and the way EV and the way any kind of intermittency affects any kind of infrastructure, that you need constant throughput. So data, electric, it doesn't matter. You need the redundancy if you're going to depend on it. And that's the issue, is we haven't started really to get ready for EV, and the modernization of the distribution system to handle electric vehicles is something that's just starting and has a long runway. So I think that, along with the great interconnects and the stacking effects that you see within the infrastructure bill, will only support growth going forward in anything that we've said on a go-forward basis.
Ian MacPherson: That's great. Derrick, I wanted to ask you also about the guidance, and sorry to ask a sort of a trite -- this guidance conservative type of question. But when we look at your prompt year backlog relative to the size of your second half of this year, total revenues, that ratio is looking as conservative as it has in several years, going back probably 5 years or so, and by a fair margin. So I wanted to ask what the -- is there more of a stretched-out tenor of that prompt backlog that should explain that or other factors at play?
Derrick Jensen: Sure. So we do have a component of larger projects that will continue into the '22 period versus the back half of this year. Some of that is a little bit of work that I called out there in my prepared remarks. So that's putting a little bit of kind of higher ratio to that. And then beyond that, I mean, it's still yet -- as we look at electric power, we continue to look at it. There are opportunities in the range of the guidance there, but some of it is still yet from a ratio perspective at work drifting into '22, considering where we're at.
Earl Austin: Also, I think it's important to note the amount of storm we had last year versus what you see this year is significant. I mean Derrick can tell you the numbers, but basically, we don't forecast storm in any of our models. So there's -- we're doing this without the storm as well.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. Well, I mean, to that point, as a reminder, 2020, we had $442 million of storm work. And as it stands here today, our current forecast is only anticipating about $200 million. So we have a year-over-year headwind in overall revenue numbers. And actually, to be even a little bit -- even more specific, when we talk about in our guidance having a double-digit revenue growth opportunity in electric power, to put that in context, for the third quarter of last year, we did $207 million of emergency restoration work versus, as we come up to the rest of this year, right now, you're looking at only about another $80 million or $90 million forecast. So being able to achieve that type of growth in the back end of the year on top of that storm work is -- we're pretty proud of that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Noelle Dilts of Stifel.
Noelle Dilts: Congrats on the nice quarter. I was hoping that -- one of your competitors expressed some concern that higher steel and other raw material costs and, maybe to some extent, labor costs could potentially cause utilities to reevaluate the economics of projects and maybe just defer a bit. Could you comment on what you're hearing from your customers on that front and how you're thinking about that type of risk?
Earl Austin: Yes. Noelle, I mean, we stay pretty close to it. We're not -- there's some effect to steel a bit. Labor, some. When we look at it, we're not seeing the big impacts or anything like that, maybe incidental here or there, but nothing that what I would say structurally -- that is impacting the work going forward. I think anything that we're doing is necessary. If you're going towards any kind of 2030-, 2050-type sentiment and you're bringing in this many electric vehicles and you want this much renewables, it's necessary to move forward. And we're not -- we're just not seeing it.
Noelle Dilts: Okay. And then sorry if you hit on this, I missed a small amount of your commentary. But in -- around Stronghold, could you discuss in terms of how you're thinking about really moving into 2022 and to what extent you think there is work that's kind of the backlog of work that's built up in the system or kind of the potential for emergent work as you start to get into these facilities in a more meaningful way?
Earl Austin: Yes. I think we talked about this before. We need to go back in kind of the '08, '09 time frame. They had some kind of demand that went into '11, '12 and beyond. I think we're going to see the same thing starting in '22. Back half of this year has got some pickup in it. But as we start to see traffic, and we're seeing some of it now. But again, I predicated on some sort of a normalized economy and pandemic-related effects as we move forward. That being said, I think '22, either way, is going to be the start of a multiyear, tight maintenance and nice margins into more of a normal basis for Stronghold.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher: So this is the highest Q2 electric margin in possibly 8 years, and that's even with a mid-single-digit telecom margin. So I'm wondering if you're thinking about any structurally higher level of margin here as the grid and telecom opportunities really take shape. It was encouraging to hear you talk about the benefits of utilization because I would think that would only improve as the volume ramps up. Or is there that trade-off that's going to come in about investments that you need to make to support the growth that might be somewhat mitigating of that? Just curious how we think about sort of the structural margin direction from here.
Earl Austin: When we look at the offices, the structural issues have start increasing. I think year-over-year, we're up 3,500 employees or so in North America, and that's with the downturn in Lat Am. So when we think about putting those resources on when -- the electric segment is a mature segment that we're able to do that without really margin decline. So you're seeing that we're utilizing those offices also to work on gas, telecom from a margin standpoint and grab as much operating leverage as we can on a portfolio basis. So that's there. I think structurally, the thing that's different is you have the impacts of Puerto Rico, which Derrick can comment on, that is also driving that margin profile up. We are getting good utilization out of the resources. The funding capabilities are certainly helping us become more efficient. The training that we've put into -- that we've invested in with our line schools and how we're getting people to the field quicker is helping and deferring some of the later costs that we would normally see because we're getting it done upfront. So we're really -- I think the impacts of the things that we've done 5, 6 years ago are starting to take place today.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Great. And then on the credit loss, not terribly concerned about this as a bigger picture item, but I should ask, what's the risk of others like this? Do you have any other customers that have a profile like Limetree in any part of your business? Are you taking any actions to strengthen your credit protection going forward? I'm just thinking that it might become more relevant depending on who your partners are on this EV charging infrastructure plan. Or were there some newer companies out there?
Earl Austin: Yes. There's always lessons learned on something that goes the wrong way from any kind of standpoint. So sure, I mean, we'll learn. But I think, for the most part, the credit risk of the company and the people that we work for are very solid. And this was kind of a long process that the EPA came in, and we couldn't see it coming. And I think, in general, the job itself is profitable, and we ended up with this write-off. And certainly, I don't think we'll be talking about it again. Yes. And structurally, the company doesn't have these kind of things with it. But I'll let Derrick comment.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I mean, Steve, as you look at over the years, I mean, our allowance for credit losses is generally below $10 million against a very large net position. A credit situation is very, very rare in our situation. We have a high-quality customer base, some of the largest, best companies in the U.S. market. So this is an anomaly. It's a very unusual type of event. We have very few times that we end up finding ourselves in an LP or some other structure like that versus the primary operating company. So we're not really concerned about, on a go-forward basis, this being something of indication. But yes, to your point and Duke's point, we'll continue to monitor that as we take on any new customers.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Marc Bianchi of Cowen.
Marc Bianchi: I wanted to start by asking about the power line undergrounding in California and the initiative that's announced by the customer there. Maybe if you could help put into context what that could mean for revenue. I think they've talked about getting up to 1,000 miles a year kind of run rate there. Help us think about what that means for your business and also, once all that's installed, if there's sort of a loss of revenue that might come from maintenance work that revolves around handling the stuff that would have previously been overhead.
Earl Austin: Yes. So the opportunity, we've talked about it. It's large. It's early. So we'll be working with the client, one of our larger customers. California is one of our largest states. So in my mind, when we look at it, obviously, we think it's -- we're in a unique position, unique opportunity for us. It's very hard at this stage to judge what that means for us on a go-forward basis, especially in California. So we'll be prudent about how we talk about it until we know more. We'll work with the client, like we always have. And I do think it benefits us both near and long term. And no, it doesn't -- the effects of undergrounding something doesn't prevent someone from having maintenance. It does help with fire. It does help on certain things, but there will still be plenty of maintenance. That does cut out trimming of trees, which we don't do. So -- but the maintenance on underground and transformers and wire and everything else that goes along with it is certainly there. We do it on a daily basis today. There's a lot of underground within the system today that we maintain, rehab, do many, many things within that realm of possibility. So I think the opportunities are large. In the past, I would have said it didn't make sense to underground. But given the fact that -- what you're seeing with loss of life and the amount, the dollars that are spent on fire, I think it makes a lot of sense. It's a bold kind of big project. But when you think about what's going on, you're always under the gun of bankruptcy or something within fire, it makes perfect sense. I think it's smart, long term, and we'll be working with the client.
Marc Bianchi: Yes. Okay. Super. The other one I had relates to the EV charging opportunities that you've mentioned in your prepared remarks. I think we all kind of know maybe what those look like, but the revenue opportunity is maybe a bit harder for us to get our hands around. Could you maybe talk to sort of the range of revenue opportunity per project? And are you potentially going to be partnering with a company that's building out EV charging? Or are you going to be kind of serving everybody? How do we think about your strategy to participate in that market?
Earl Austin: I think we're in a unique position to -- in a prudent way and a cost-effective way, to install battery charging systems, especially high-voltage battery chargers. So we'll be working with the utilities, working with the OEMs, working with manufacturers of vehicles. So all of them. I think, for us, we're happy to try to facilitate that build. But the underlying -- and to quantify it, I'm not sure about how large that piece of it is. What I will say is what's necessary is a distribution system behind it to support that. Is -- from our standpoint, over the next 15 years, 20 years, the amount of work that needs to be done to modernize these distribution systems to allow you to install these charging systems is extremely significant.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research.
Michael Dudas: Duke, maybe you could share some of your early thoughts on the transition down in Puerto Rico. I guess it was June 1. So it's been a couple of months. Certainly, there's obviously some -- a lot of press and noise about the changes, which is to be expected. But how has that gone? And you really talked about the opportunities in Puerto Rico, and you've talked about potential larger projects in the future. Is there any kind of visibility on the timing on that front that we could maybe look forward some time in 2022 and beyond?
Earl Austin: I think the funding -- the infrastructure bill also discussed the funding in Puerto Rico as well. So that's beneficial down there for sure. There's already frame of funding that's appropriated to the island. It should start next year. As far as where we sit and how we think about it, the grid was in bad shape. And I feel like from Quanta's standpoint, our partner's standpoint there, ATCO, that we did a really nice job under extreme difficult situation on the island. And every day, it gets better. Every day, we modernize that system, not from the lack of social media and propaganda, we've made a difference already. We'll continue. I think we'll look back in the next 3 to 4 years and be extremely proud of what we've done as a company. And the people in the island will benefit and see the benefit of what's being done. We really like where we sit. We're having good discussions all throughout the island with not only local -- the economy and the people and everything around it. So the opportunity there is large, and we look forward to the future there. And I commend our people and everything they did to throw their sleeves up and take a lot of heat but also deliver on the back side of it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson, Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: Nice quarter. I wanted to ask a quick question about 2022. You had a couple of positive comments just in your prepared remarks. What kind of growth do you think you can generate next year?
Earl Austin: I think we've talked about kind of double-digit growth on the 85% of the business. We still see that high single-upper-digit growth. There's stacking of larger projects. We've commented many times, and I'll say it again, we believe we can grow EPS double digits as long as we can use our balance sheet. And we still believe that. We still believe that we can grow it year-over-year. And that's what we -- that's how we look at it.
Adam Thalhimer: And then quickly, on inflation and materials availability, Duke, are those issues today? And is it a risk going forward?
Earl Austin: We're not seeing the impacts of that at this point. There's certainly some, I would say, noise in the system, but we're not seeing those impacts with material deliveries and things of that nature. It makes some of the work a little difficult. It gets out of sequence here or there, but we're typically able to overcome that and move around. Some of the projects are larger. We're moving on to something different and able to overcome any kind of material delay. We're working with the client way upfront. And when we talk about front end and things we can do, if we're working with the client way upfront, it allows us to work with them. We know the delays coming so we can move with our resources around and stay productive, stay prudent, and it helps both us and the client long term. And that's the beauty of a collaboration. So we're not seeing those impacts.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke or Derrick, can you give us a little more color into how big your Canadian and Australian businesses are these days within underground utility? And then how much are you projecting them to decline this year? And then alternatively, it seems like refining and petrochemical customers, at least in the U.S., have increased their maintenance spend already and are executing more turnarounds, and the catalyst companies are seeing more activities. So can you give us more color regarding the levels of improvement you've seen already within the industrial services business?
Earl Austin: I'll stick to industrial service business. I'll let Derrick comment on the numbers. So the industrial service business, when you look at it, we believe it's rebounding. We're booking the '22 type seasons. We see '22 coming back to a more normal state, maybe better. It's really early. But the demand for '22 and beyond, we see it. We're talking to the clients about catalyst replacements and things like that, that are coming back. So we think it's -- parting kind of later this year into '22, it's going to be nice business, a more normalized state going forward and talking to client [indiscernible].
Derrick Jensen: Yes. And as a percentage, it's still running pretty consistent, between the 10% and 15% range of total revenues for the underground group.
Andrew Kaplowitz: And then you've gotten a lot of questions, obviously, on electric power backlog. I mean it did have another $1 billion sequential jump in Q2. So do you sense that your utility customers are getting more in line than they have before in the past to secure your services? And is there a way to think about how far out you are fully utilized? I mean are you basically fully utilized through '22 at this point in that business?
Earl Austin: Some of the things that you're seeing, you're seeing multiyear agreements, there were falling capital spends, you're seeing multiyear capital spends being talked about when that wasn't the case 5 years ago. And so we are staying in front of that with the client. So that's some of your backlog growth. And when you think about year-over-year, we're up 3,000, something like that, call it, very close to it, year-over-year, that's the kind of growth that we're putting on from a people aspect within these segments. So I think those are the type of numbers that you'll see going forward, which delivers sort of kind of 85% double-digit type growth that we discussed.
Derrick Jensen: And some of that backlog is also renewals. We have renewals that -- we have MSAs that are rolling off or historical and then we're coming through and we're renewing that. And you have a bigger pop into it, and that's a part of what's in that equation now. But -- so yes, with the same level of visibility on the renewal as we had in the previous execution.
Andrew Kaplowitz: But Derrick, to that point, the renewables are all bigger, right? And they're decently bigger? Is that the case?
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I mean each time we were seeing the renewals, right, we're building off of growth. And so the visibility is to have those play out, attack into a little bit larger number overall.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Quanta Services management team for any closing comments.
Earl Austin: Yes. I want to thank the people of LUMA in Puerto Rico. That was -- June 1 was a tough day. And I think from our standpoint, it's monumental. We did a nice job down there and the safety that we've been able to encompass throughout. And so I commend them and everyone and anyone that are in the fields. It doesn't go unnoticed here. So I want to thank them first. And thank you for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Quanta Services First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Kip Rupp, Vice President Investor Relations. Please, go ahead, sir.
Kip Rupp: Great. Thank you and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. This morning we issued a press release announcing our first quarter results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2021 outlook and commentary that we'll discuss this morning. Additionally, we'll use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today May 6, 2021, and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not rely -- solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release, along with the company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by a third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary and we'll then turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a review of our first quarter results and full year 2021 financial expectations. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported solid first quarter results, with revenues of $2.7 billion in GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.62 and $0.83 respectively. Backlog at the end of the quarter was a record $15.8 billion, which we believe reflects the continued advancement of our long-term growth strategies. We continue to see opportunities for multi-year growth across our service lines, driven by our solutions-based approach and the growth of programmatic spending with existing and new customers. The recognition that the country's infrastructure needs to be modernized to support economic growth improved safety and reliability and for a cleaner environment is evidenced by the Biden administration's recently proposed $2 trillion infrastructure plan. The proposal will evolve and take time to move through the political process. But as proposed, the plan includes funding and policies to encourage new infrastructure development and modernization in several of our core markets including, high-voltage electric transmission and power grid modernization and resiliency, renewable energy, electric vehicle charging station infrastructure and other electrification initiatives, and broadband infrastructure expansion. While this infrastructure proposal could accelerate activity in these areas and provide incremental opportunity for Quanta over several years, I want to stress that our positive multiyear outlook and strategic plan are not reliant on this infrastructure proposal. We have been collaborating with our customers for many years to support their significant multiyear investment programs already in place to modernize the existing power grid, ensure reliable power delivery and to integrate higher levels of renewable generation. Our Electric Power Solutions operations performed well during the quarter, reflecting broad-based business strength, driven by ongoing grid modernization, system hardening, renewable energy interconnections and solid and safe execution. During the quarter, we signed a significant multiyear master services agreement with a utility in the Western United States, which made a substantial incremental contribution to our record first quarter backlog. We believe our record backlog and these initiatives will continue to drive multiyear growth opportunities for Quanta. Though COVID-19 has created some near-term challenges in Canada, we see opportunities to pursue additional large projects there for the coming years. Additionally, our discussions with high-voltage electric transmission project sponsors in the United States have increased as the need for large-scale electric transmission infrastructure to support growing renewable generation and achieve carbon-neutrality goals become evident. LUMA Energy and its employees, as supported by Quanta and its joint venture partner ATCO, are all working diligently towards transitioning the operations and maintenance of the Puerto Rico electric power grid to LUMA in early June. LUMA's efforts under the agreement are intended to deliver long-term social and economic benefits to the people of Puerto Rico. As stated previously, we believe this opportunity is transformative for all the parties involved, including the people of Puerto Rico, and the work to be performed by LUMA under the 15-year contract aligns with Quanta's strategy of providing sophisticated and valuable solutions to the utility, industry that benefits consumers. The majority of our communications operations are off to a solid start this year, driven by strong demand for fiber densification to reach homes and businesses and the early stages of 5G network deployments. However, during the quarter, we experienced short-term challenges really associated with efficient subcontractor work in a specific geographic area, which required rework. We have addressed our quality assessment protocol shortcomings on this issue and are pursuing compensation from the subcontractor. This was an isolated issue, and we believe we are on track to generate high-single or double-digit operating income margins for the remainder of this year. Additionally, we continue to believe, we can achieve at least $1 billion in annual revenue with double-digit operating income margins in the medium term. As service providers continue to push fiber closer to the customer, fiber backhaul densification continues, 5G wireless infrastructure development increases, and meaningful federal funding is provided for broadband network expansion initiatives in underserved markets. On prior calls, we have shared our belief that Quanta is uniquely positioned between the communications and utility industries to provide solutions for broadband and 5G technology deployments leveraging existing infrastructure. We have made significant progress working with our customers and a broadband technology partner and during the first quarter made a minority financial investment in this partner. We also entered into a strategic alliance with them where Quanta will serve as a program manager for large-scale deployments of their fixed wireless broadband technology which we utilized our customers' facilities where appropriate. We believe this relationship advances our solutions with customers to accelerate and improve access to affordable and reliable broadband in rural and underserved markets. We believe our proactive strategy and the unique solutions Quanta provides the marketplace enhances our opportunity to expand our telecom infrastructure solutions with other utility and communication customers. Our Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment performed well in the quarter with better than expected profitability despite seasonality and continued challenges caused by COVID-19. We are confident in our full year expectations for the segment driven by solid demand for our gas utility and pipeline integrity service. Additionally, there are encouraging signs supporting our expectations of improved demand for our industrial services beginning in the second half of this year. We believe deferred maintenance and capital spending due to the effects of COVID on the downstream market is creating pent-up demand for our services which should prove beneficial as market conditions normalize for our customers. However, we would like to see how the summer travel season develops which could influence activity levels of our downstream customers before making adjustments to our full year expectations for this segment. The solutions Quanta provides support our customers' efforts to increase reliability, safety, efficiency, and connectivity all of which have favorable, environmental, and social impact. Our end markets and multiyear visibility are solid and we have built a strong platform that positions us well to capitalize on favorable long-term trends particularly grid modernization and hardening, the transition toward a carbon-neutral economy, and the adoption of new technologies such as 5G, battery storage, and hydrogen. Previously, we have discussed our strategic focus on enhancing our front-end capabilities such as engineering and permitting. To complement our world-class construction expertise, our strategy is designed to provide differentiated comprehensive and industry-leading solutions to our customers which we have achieved through organic investment and select acquisitions. This strategy is contributing to our backlog growth increasing our total addressable market and providing meaningful growth opportunities for the future. In our earnings release this morning, we raised our 2021 guidance due to solid first quarter results and confidence in the business. We believe this demonstrates the strength and sustainability of our business and long-term strategy, favorable end market trends, our ability to safely execute, and our strong competitive position in the marketplace. We continue to believe we are in a multiyear up cycle with continued opportunity for further record backlog and results in 2021. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class build leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of our first quarter results and 2021 expectations. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke and good morning, everyone. Today we announced first quarter 2021 revenues of $2.7 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $90 million or $0.62 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share a non-GAAP measure was $0.83. The first quarter was another strong quarter for Quanta led by continued strength from electric power and better-than-expected profitability from our Underground Utility and Infrastructure segment. Our electric power revenues were $2.1 billion a record for the first quarter and a 17% increase when compared to the first quarter of 2020. This increase was driven by continued growth in base business activities as well as contributions from larger transmission projects underway in Canada and revenues from acquired businesses of approximately $70 million. Also revenues associated with emergency restoration services attributable to winter storm response efforts were approximately $80 million a first quarter record. Electric segment margins in 1Q 2021 were 9.7% versus 7.3% in 1Q 2020. The improved operating margins were driven by double-digit performance from our electric operations within the segment including the benefit associated with increased profit contributions from emergency restoration efforts, which typically present opportunities for higher margins than our normal base business activities due to higher utilization. Operating margins also benefited from approximately $5 million of income associated with our LUMA joint venture. Negatively impacting first quarter margins were recorded reserves for the identified issues Duke discussed, which when combined with normal seasonality exacerbated by severe weather challenges from winter Storm Uri created an operating loss within our US telecom operations for the quarter. Again we believe we have addressed the issues and expect margins at or near double-digits going forward. Underground Utility and Infrastructure segment revenues were $643 million for the quarter, 35% lower than 1Q 2020 due primarily due to reduced revenues from our industrial operations and a reduction in contributions from larger pipeline projects. Operations within this segment in last year's first quarter results had yet to be impacted by COVID-19 headwinds. And in fact our industrial operations had record results in the period. In 1Q 2021, the segment continues to be negatively impacted by COVID-19 with first quarter revenues from our Canadian operations and our industrial operations both meaningfully below pre-pandemic levels. Despite the COVID-related headwinds, the segment delivered margins of 1.4%. And although 170 basis points lower than 1Q 2020 primarily due to the reduced revenues, the results exceeded our original expectations for 1Q led by execution across much of our base business activity including our gas distribution and industrial services. Our total backlog was a record $15.8 billion at the end of the first quarter with 12-month backlog of $8.9 billion representing solid increases when compared to year end as well as the first quarter of 2020. This marks the third consecutive quarter where we posted record backlog, a trend driven primarily by continued growth in multiyear MSA programs with North American utilities which we believe continues to validate the repeatable sustainable nature of the largest portion of our revenues and earnings. For the first quarter of 2021, we generated free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure of $49 million, $115 million lower than 1Q 2020, however 1Q 2020 included the collection of $82 million of insurance proceeds associated with the settlement of two pipeline project claims. Day sales outstanding or DSO measured 89 days for the first quarter, an increase of four days compared to the first quarter of 2020 and an increase of six days compared to December 31, 2020. These increases are primarily due to the expected ramp in work on two larger electric transmission projects in Canada in the first quarter and the timing of billing. The Canadian response to COVID has significantly hampered production for which we will seek recovery and delayed this in meeting certain billing milestones. We had approximately $200 million of cash at the end of the quarter with total liquidity of approximately $2.1 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio as calculated under our credit agreement of approximately 1.3 times. Integration activities associated with acquisitions closed in the back half of 2020 are ongoing and we closed another small acquisition during the first quarter of 2021. We continue to take an opportunistic view towards acquisitions and maintain the balance sheet strength to support strategic capital outlays in this area. Additionally, through the date of this earnings release, we acquired approximately $29 million worth of stock as part of our repurchase program. We remain committed to delivering shareholder value through prudent capital deployment. Turning to guidance. Based on the Electric segment's strong first quarter and continued confidence in our ability to execute on the opportunities across the segment, we've increased the low end of our full year expectations for segment revenues resulting in a range between $8.4 billion and $8.5 billion for 2021. Similarly, we are increasing the low end of our full year margin range for the segment with 2021 operating margins now expected to range between 10.2% and 10.9%. Regarding the Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment, while we had a nice start to the year, we are not yet in a position to change our full year expectations. Accordingly, we are reiterating our original full year guidance for the segment with revenues expected to range between $3.65 billion and $3.85 billion and segment margins ranging between 5.5% and 6%. These segment operating ranges support our increased expectations for 2021 annual revenues of between $12.05 billion to $12.35 billion and adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure of between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion. The midpoint of the range represents 10% growth when compared to 2020's record adjusted EBITDA. In addition to these improved operating expectations, our full year expectations for net income and adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure are expected to benefit from a reduced annual tax rate, driven by higher benefits realized in the first quarter associated with the fair value of vested stock compensation awards. We now expect our full year tax rate to range between 25.25% and 25.75%. As a result, our increased expectation for full year diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock is now between $3.25 and $3.69, and our increased expectation for adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock a non-GAAP measure is now between $4.12 and $4.57. We are maintaining our free cash flow guidance for the year, expecting it to range between $400 million and $600 million. And we'll reiterate that quarterly free cash flow is subject to sizable movements due to various customer and project dynamics that can occur in the normal course of operations. For additional information, please refer to our outlook summary, which can be found in the Financial Info section of our IR website at quantaservices.com. Overall, we are pleased with the start to the year and remain confident in the strength of our operations and prospects for profitable growth. As our backlog continues to grow and our visibility into the duration of this infrastructure cycle continues to improve, we have increasing conviction in our ability to capitalize on the opportunities across our end markets. We firmly believe the repeatable nature of our base business solutions coupled with opportunistic larger project deployments, disciplined capital allocation and continued balance sheet strength will be the key to delivering long-term shareholder value. This concludes our formal presentation and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Chad Dillard [ph] of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning guys. Just wanted to dig a little bit into the infrastructure plan. So beyond the headline $100 billion of funding for power infrastructure, can you talk about the potential changes from a policy perspective that you could see in this plan? And whether that could actually have an impact on the process of construction or even before that out on the permitting side? And then secondly, the bill has also allocated a decent amount of money to water pipe infrastructure. Is this an area of interest for Quanta I mean given its heritage of linear construction? Thanks.
Duke Austin: Good morning, Chad. The policy and the plan under administration, I do think it benefits us. As always states have a lot of say in right-of-ways and easements and permits. So I do think that that will be a sticking point as we move forward. But even without the plan, I would say the sentiment around the carbon-free environment neutrality is there we continue to see larger projects that are moving forward. So it's a robust environment in my mind with or without the federal funding. So I -- while it's good, I believe every bit of that would be incremental to anything we've commented on in the past. As well -- as far as water we do some water now. Anything involves cross-skill labor, we're riding there on it and looking at it. We believe that's kind of our core to us is our ability to perform that. So we do look at water quite a bit. I'm not signaling anything on that. I just -- we do look at it.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. Okay. And just a question. I mean I know that your reason for underground guide us on the revenue side hasn't necessarily changed, but just curious about how you think about the industrial business in particular? Can you talk about how it trended in 1Q versus your expectations? And has there been any change in terms of how you're thinking about guidance for that business? Are you still expecting flat for this year?
Duke Austin: When we look at the underground business, again we look at these businesses as a portfolio. So I would just say the LDC business, the integrity business there is working out nicely. We like where we sit from a base business and repeatable sustainable model. But the industrial business was down as we've talked about through COVID. We do see signs of life there. We have a really nice model. The things that we perform on the industrial sector are certainly necessary. There are signs of life there. As Derrick commented, I think, when we get to the second quarter, we'll know a lot more about where the economy is going and what we think about the industrial side. In my mind, certainly, opportunity on the back side of the year and 2022 looks really robust.
Chad Dillard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Eastman: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to start on the Underground segment. I mean, obviously, the margins there in the first quarter stood out. I was surprised you didn't call out the Texas deep freeze. I would assume the stronghold business would have been dislocated around that. And I was just wondering if we could flush out whether there was something else that was particularly strong to overcome a dislocation there?
Duke Austin: No. The phrase it was three or four days. I know it got a lot of press and certainly loss of life and -- but really it was three or four days. And while it was an impact to the quarter, the industrial sector performed well. I mean, we did some emergency work, but very little when we think about it. All-in-all, I just think it's performing better than we anticipated a bit. We do see signs of life in that business. But all-in-all, it's really the portfolio of the company to perform throughout.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And I hate to do this guys, but just following this 1Q performance, I mean, $412 million at the low end. I mean, what set of operating conditions put us there at this point? It just seems hard to get down there and just be helpful to sort of frame that low end case at this point?
Derrick Jensen: Yes. So I know as you can see we raised the low end of the guidance here for the first quarter to some way to comment to that we continue to think that there's strength in the business model itself. But we very regularly put through a range of guidance on an annual basis. That considers a low end because of the fact that we work in volatile workspace. Oftentimes, it comes down to the way that the weather patterns impact the year more specifically in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter is where substantial types of increment weather can come in and really impact the type of dynamic. Let alone the fact that through the year we work in a range of circumstances creating volatility. So we think it's always prudent to recognize those circumstances. But what I would also say is we think we have a tendency to execute throughout. I think also as we've seen us do the last few years. So as we stand here today, we think our business model is intact. We think we continue to do the margin improvements that we think are available to us, but it's just the right thing to do to recognize the volatility of what we're working.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Terrific. Thanks for the time.
Derrick Jensen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Noelle Dilts of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Dilts: Hi, guys. Good morning. So given the challenge that you're facing on the telecom -- with the telecom subcontractor that you're working through. Could you kind of just remind us of your model there? I think at one point you were kind of 50% self-performed, 50% subcontracting. And could you touch on kind of where you'd like to see that go? And how you're thinking about investing in training folks to work on the self-perform side? Thanks.
Duke Austin: Yes, thanks, Noelle. As we discussed earlier, we kind of through about a $770 million type number on telecom as guidance. And I think in my mind, the opportunity is still there for us to perform at those levels. I wouldn't call it such as a problem other than we had some shallow ditch. We identified it. We're remaining it through rework. We'll go after -- when I say go after, we'll work with the subcontractor to try to recoup that and go forward. That being said, we like the business. It is about a 50-50 model as we stand today. We continue to see broadband activity book work, like the business a lot and on our way to $1 billion in inorganically for the most part. So, I would just say, I think the company has done a real nice job. It is part of the Electric segment. We probably wouldn't have talked about it, honestly, if it was just normal stuff. But since it was telecom, Derrick and I thought, it was -- we talked about the good all the time. So, we'll take our lumps and talk about that a little bit here and move forward. But in general, it just shows the strength of the quarter of the Electric segment as well. And if you look at it and you add -- you do an add back call it, $10 million to $15 million of impact on the telecom business, you can see the quarter would have been substantially higher on the Electric segment.
Noelle Dilts: Thanks, that all makes sense. And then second, just given what we're seeing with commodity price increases and steel concerns about availability, what are you kind of watching around that dynamic? Are there any concerns about some of the larger transmission poles getting to you on time? Just kind of curious how you're thinking about the supply chain challenges that are kind of dominating headlines right now? Thanks.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we're seeing some challenges in commodities not really impacting us at this point. We'll watch it fairly closely on the larger projects to make sure that our material comes in on time. We don't have commodity risk per se. So, our jobs that they're impacted we'll collaborate with the customer on those impacts. But in general, we're able to work through most of those areas where we do have impacts. I would tell you like in my mind, Canada is probably our -- one of the ones that have impacted the most. And I don't think it's really material per se. It's just how it's delivered. And for the most part that's been more of a COVID issue than material, in my mind, but no really commodity impact at this point.
Noelle Dilts: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, gentlemen.
Duke Austin: Good morning, Mike.
Derrick Jensen: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: You called out an MSA that you signed earlier this year. And how are the -- when you think about your MSAs with these customers, they typically -- there are several year? Are they long-term with annual kind of budget requirements? Are there any margin or utilization benefits from those types -- that type of agreement and the work that you flow through relative to one or two-off type opportunities that arise from maybe that same or other customer base?
Duke Austin: Mike, we really don't call them out that much. The reason why we called out the West is fairly incremental. And one of the things that we continue to talk about is kind of that hasn't started really ramping yet. And we were primarily signaling that ramp by calling it out and the incremental backlog growth on this MSA. Typically, when we think about it the 85% 90% of the business, it's kind of base businesses MSA-type business and -- in my mind. So that's how we look at it. And we book MSAs and re-up them probably monthly in my mind. So there is no real systematic way. I do think our backlog will continue to grow to record levels. We will have MSAs that renew that are larger. We continue to see a robust environment even when we have an MSA, the growth on the MSAs there as well. We take a prudent look at it to make sure that from our standpoint, the next 12 months and beyond or what the backlog would interpret. So in my mind, we're doing a good job with that. And our customer base certainly is spending the capital. The macro market is there on our end. So we see those MSAs just grow.
Michael Dudas: I appreciate that. And my follow-up Duke is you mentioned, again, in your prepared remarks partnership with broadband opportunity. Is -- when we see the -- from the administration and the infrastructure plan and money they want to spend on broadband technically, is the private sector doing enough to make this happen? Are these funds -- are these two, three, four-year type opportunities, it sounds that way? But I just want to get us a sense you from that point. And what made this unique partnership to call out for -- that you entered into with this company? And are others like that going to help the growth in getting to that $1 billion target that you've put out in the medium-term?
Duke Austin: Yeah, Mark, we've talked a bunch about how the infrastructure on the utilities and broadband are converging. I think when we looked at it, we continue to look at the rule in the underserved markets that were out there. And for the last two years have really tried to find the solution with our customer in a collaborative effort to utilize that infrastructure. We found technology and a company that had the capabilities to do that, work with clients. I do think it's broad-based small-cell type deployment that you'll see ongoing. When we have a programmatic way to do that on this, we'll have a programmatic way to do it with every one of our customers. And it's really beneficial for us to be on the front side of this, providing the solution, pushing the rural development opportunity fund forward. And not just waiting for something to come to us, we're actually out making sure this happens in front of it, not just waiting on an RFP or get commoditized with labor. I think that's part of what we're saying as a solution-based provider as we're out in front of that with technology.
Michael Dudas: Absolutely. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thielman: Great. Thank you. Duke, any color on some of the larger project pursuits in your electrical power business in 2021 that you're seeing and maybe how that could potentially influence the segment through the year? I think the guidance for the business is more reflective of the programmatic spending you see with the customers. But I'm wondering if there are some other larger projects that can potentially layer on here this year?
Duke Austin: Now, I could name them for five minutes, but it doesn't -- it's not -- what I'm concerned about is just in general when we start talking about it in my mind we got a long ways to go in some permitting. It's a robust environment out there, we're around every one of them. Everyone you can name I could name them for days. There's a bunch of nice projects moving the renewables and the interconnections almost every RTO regional plan has a large piece of work in it, not only one probably two or three. In order to get to the -- what the plan and the carbon-free footprint, you need a significant amount of transmission. And in order to do that we need big projects. And certainly they're tough on the permitting side, administration side they're going to help that. There are some that are ongoing that are closer than others. I believe mid-America and some of that on the buffet call as he talked about it as well. So there's a bunch of projects that are out there that are around the edges on.
Brent Thielman: Okay. I appreciate that. And I guess another question I have is just, are you seeing anything that suggests your customers are shifting some capital plans from the gas portion of the business towards the electrical portion of the business? I just wonder, if these commitments sort of profound interest in grid reliability, or still in any thunder from the gas programs that drive the Underground segment?
Duke Austin: No. I mean, I would say, we're seeing our pipeline customers try to build solar or build solar. We're seeing quite a bit of that happen, per se. We're not -- the LDC business, it's a safety concern as well as reliability of just what you have on any given day. I mean, you can see the freeze. We had -- in Texas you saw actually pipe freeze, which caused problems on your plant. So I think all that integrity that needs to be done is a safety concern as well as a balance until we figure out carbon free. And you can't do that without a significant amount of transmission. So the company sits in a really nice place on either side of that.
Brent Thielman: Okay. Thank you.
Duke Austin: Yeah.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fisher of UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to come back to the telecom business and the challenge in the quarter. And if you could just sort of talk a little bit more broadly about, why you do need to go the route of subcontract models in the first place? Because it seems like, that is perhaps bringing in an element of additional execution risk here. And the bigger picture, I guess, I'm seeing is that, you have a great market opportunity across your businesses at the moment. And I guess, I'm just wondering, what you might be able to do, to enhance your potential to execute smoothly and capture that upside market opportunity without some sort of the risks of the hiccups here?
Duke Austin: Yeah. Steve, I think when you look at the business, our performance from a margin standpoint in the segment, we did beat our expectations. I think we've raised the guidance on the year. We continue to do it. We look at it as a portfolio. We're getting operating leverage out of all of our offices, whether they're doing telecom gas or electric. We're reporting in segments. We may run the offices a little different than that. Overall, the performance of the company is exceptional in the field. The model around telecom it was an organic growth strategy around it. It does have probably 50% of subcontract. It's -- due to the fact that it ramps, up and down. And we're not going to invest in something that just ramps like that because, it continues to weigh on it we want some balance in it. And the balance allows us to have some variable cost in our equipment and things of that nature. My returns are better that way, in my mind. So that's the way we run the telecom business. And that's how we'll go forward with it. That being said, we did have a QA/QC issue in the quarter. We'll do a better job of catching that next time or now. For that matter and try to call back all we can. But all in all, I mean we're performing really well, across the board in my mind.
Steven Fisher: Okay. That's very helpful. And I just want to ask you about Puerto Rico. It sounds like you're working towards a timely transition there. But in the event that there is some delay. Can you just talk about what the possible implications might be for the rest of the year? I think there's some implications for some incentive potential, but you may not have expected any incentives this quickly anyway? And maybe when we should think about the real opportunities when the real opportunities for incentives on that contract might be? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Yes. I don't think we anticipated that this year. It will be in the next year for the incentive base piece of it, but we do anticipate going into service here in June. The transformation will happen will take over in June. So from that standpoint that will move on. As far as, we're coming through the fame of phones that will be into next year in my mind before you see any of it. And that's also an opportunity next year in Puerto Rico. But all in all it's moving along like it should and we're pleased with where we sit.
Derrick Jensen: We had commented previously that we thought that post-transition we would see on an annual basis a run rate contribution of around $0.25. That is excluding inflation adjustments, excluding all incentives and excluding any incremental construction opportunities. So all of those things would still get the upside opportunities for us.
Steven Fisher: Terrific. Thanks.
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey guys, nice quarter. I wanted to start on the energy side. Curious Duke if you've seen any pickup just from the rise in oil prices particularly around pipelines?
Duke Austin: I would not say pipelines we've seen much there. I just -- our industrial businesses stated tons a lot there. I think it will get better. We've not seen pipeline movement. Our Canadian operations we see some long-term pipe, but not really in the Lower 48 in my mind it's pretty slow as far as I'm concerned. And I think we've transferred the business over to more competitive sustainable business anyway. So nothing that affects us in my mind.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And on the -- you talked about a fixed wireless award. Can you give a little bit more detail on that? I was curious if that was like a Tier one telco or kind of an emerging player some detail on that would be helpful? Thanks.
Duke Austin: Yes. So we made an investment in the quarter in some technology and a service provider there on fixed wireless. It's -- to really look at the -- our dollar funds the rural development funds as well as the underserved. So not a Tier 1 carrier, but certainly someone that would put it out across, the Lower 48 and beyond from that mine in a programmatic way. So we have the ability to do that. As the Tier 1s move forward we'll have the ability to also do that in a programmatic way. Really I think it's the convergence of the electric such as your cooperatives your municipalities and the way to solve these issues around broadband. And it makes a lot of sense. We've worked on it quite a bit and this was our opportunity really to push it forward.
Adam Thalhimer: It is something we’ll hear more down the coming quarters, thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys.
Duke Austin: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Duke, so we know signing longer-term electric power MSA is one of your main strategies. But does electric power MSAs being up over 40% over the last year give you more confidence regarding Quanta's ability to grow the core business. Maybe even toward the middle to higher-end of the longer-term guide you have we know you talk about mid-single digits to low teens. I mean do you start getting visibility even into '22 in that regard?
Duke Austin: I mean I think we've talked about multiyear type growth kind of mid to upper single digits on the 80% to 90% -- 80% of the business I would say, at this point. At least we've talked about that growth long term three to five years at least. And so we continue to see that. We've stated that quite a bit. And we think the MSA, the backlog that you're seeing that grows there for a long period of time.
Andy Kaplowitz: I guess Duke what I'm asking there though is that -- does it give you confidence in sort of -- because it's a pretty wide range right between mid-single digits and low teens. So I mean given sort of the visibility you have do you see actually a higher growth rate going forward? I know what the guidance is for this year, but just out of curiosity?
Duke Austin: Mean if you go back in time and you look at what -- how we've grown the segment we've grown the Electric segment double-digits over the past 10 years on a CAGR basis. So I would tell you that -- that's what we've done in the past. It's bigger numbers. We're being prudent about how we talk about it. Do we have the ability to grow in the double-digits? Yes.
Andy Kaplowitz: And then let me ask you about -- someone I think you asked you about large projects. So let me tackled maybe slightly different way. Again, you've talked in the past about this sort of $3 billion number and saying last quarter that you had quite a bit more than that in sort of opportunities. Is the funnel a lot larger than that double that now? Like any sort of thoughts about quantifying the funnel now? Is it sort of $5 billion, $6 billion just for perspective, Duke?
Duke Austin: If we talked about all the jobs that were out there, there's not enough material to talk about it, to begin with. So I think in our mind we're being prudent about how we discuss it. The larger projects are growing especially with the sentiment around bringing renewables in a carbon-free environment by 2030, 2050. So the transmission corridors will have to exponentially get larger than they are now in a significant way. In order for that to happen, you're going to need large project dynamics for the next decade.
Andy Kaplowitz: I just want to follow-up on one other thing that you talked about with LUMA. LUMA's CEO recently talked about $10 billion in federal recovery funds now flowing in Puerto Rico. Do you think those funds just don't make their way into projects until next year as you said, or is it possible that could happen as early as this year?
Duke Austin: I mean you have about $1 billion budget down there, $600 million of a $1 billion budget down there a year on any given day. So there is projects down on the island. What I would say is the FEMA funds are on top of that, that would come in. I would be prudent to say it would be next year.
Andy Kaplowitz: Great. Thanks, Duke.
Operator: The next question is from [indiscernible] of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is [indiscernible] on for Jamie Cook. So our first question is we were wondering if you have any concerns on securing labor in this cycle, just given the current labor market and the robust outlook? And then if you could comment on what you're seeing in the pricing environment, that would be great? Thank you.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thank you for the question. From a labor standpoint, a tight labor market really suits us well. That's who we are. We really work on labor. I have invested well over $100 million over the last six to seven years. So any time we have a tight labor market cross-skill labor market, Quanta does really well. So we're in a good position there. We pretty much regulate some of the way that we look at wages. We have ability to pass-through those costs if they escalate. So we're in good shape. As far as pricing power and I would just say, in general, we'll stand by what we said in the past, the double-digit margins over time. At times, it'll go higher. And we're in good times now, so you're seeing some push on that. Primarily around the utilizations and things of that nature that is pushing up your margins, more so than pricing power.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you
Operator: The next question is from Min Cho of FBR Riley. Please proceed with your question.
Min Cho: Hi, everybody. This is Min Cho for Alex Regal at B. Riley Securities. Just one question really, Derrick, given your continuation of strong cash flow and liquidity. Just wanted to know if there was any shift in change to your capital allocation strategy and want to know if there were any more kind of opportunistic M&A opportunities that you're seeing in the current market? Thank you.
Derrick Jensen: No, I'd say, that we're still committed to the same allocation strategy really that we've held for a number of years. We look at first leaning into the growth of the business, on the working capital and CapEx front. Very much still yet look at the acquisition and investment side of the equation, partly as an example, as highlighted to Duke's comments here for the minority interposition here this quarter. And then, as well with the buyback of stock and dividends. We still look at all of those. We like to have our balance sheet positioned well to be able to lean into all of those areas at any given time, not having to choose which one creates the most value at a point in time. I would say that acquisitions has historically been kind of the largest component of recent years and we still see an active market there, ability to find good acquisitions. It will be sporadic, because we're opportunistic with the deployment of capital there, looking for strong management teams that supplement who we are. You can see over the last four or five years, we probably averaged about $300 million on average deployment there. And I wouldn't take exception to that kind of view as we go forward.
Min Cho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Duke Austin: Yes, I just want to thank everyone, our field leadership team and men and women working in the field through the pandemic, doing all the things that we've done well. We performed well, safely, and it's to their credit. So I want to thank you for participating in the conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President and Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. Please, go ahead.
Kip Rupp: Great, thank you and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings conference call. This morning we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2021 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we'll use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also viewable or available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 25, 2021, and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release along with the company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call.  Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks Kip. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings conference call. On the call today I will provide operational and strategic commentary and will then turn it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta’s Chief Financial Officer who will provide a review of our fourth quarter and full year results and full year 2021 financial expectations. Following Derrick's comments we welcome your questions.  As noted in our earnings release this morning we have renamed both of our segments to include solutions which we believe is an accurate word to describe the value creating and collaborative approach we take to working with our customers. Additionally, we renamed our pipeline and industrial segment to Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions which we believe is more reflective of the strategic changes we have made over the past five years to reposition this segment towards a greater level of resilient business services to our gas utility, pipeline integrity, and industrial customers. These services tend to be more visible and recurring in nature and are driven by safety, reliability, and environmental regulations. We continue to expand our capabilities in both segments to provide comprehensive end-to-end solutions with cross skilled labor at the core.  We're proud of our successful focus on base business activity over the last five years which now accounts for more than 90% of our revenues. We continue to view large projects as upside opportunities and are well positioned to safely execute them when they occur. Quanta performed well and delivered a solid year in 2020 which includes numerous accomplishments. This was due to the performance of our field leadership and the people of this organization, who continue to be exceptional. There are so many accomplishments in 2020. Electric power segment revenues achieved record levels and we earned our best operating margin performance in six years driven by strong execution across our operations. Included in these results were record storm response revenues from supporting our customers efforts to restore power to millions of people adversely impacted by numerous severe weather events during the year. Our ability to quickly mobilize this level of resources to support our customers in times of need even during a pandemic is unmatched in our industry.  After an 18-month competitive process LUMA Energy, our joint venture with ATCO was selected for a 15-year operation and maintenance agreement to operate, maintain, and modernize PREPA’s more than 18,000 mile electric transmission and distribution system in Puerto Rico. LUMA and PREPA are making good progress towards transitioning operations of this system this year and we continue to believe this opportunity is transformative for Quanta.  We grew our communication services revenues by more than 40%, meaningfully improved profit margins and ended the year with a total backlog of approximately $900 million. We substantially completed the exit of our Latin American operations, despite the significant challenges and impact to these wind down activities from the effects of COVID-19. We continue to lead the industry in safety, which we believe starts with training. We continue to incrementally invest in our training efforts through our Northwest Line College and Quanta Advanced Training Center. Additionally, last year we began site preparation for a new line worker training campus in Puerto Rico that will be operated by Northwest Line College. The facility will provide world-class training to LUMA’s employees and develop Puerto Rico's future cross skilled workforce. Our industry leading training and recruiting initiatives are driving improved productivity in the field and ensures that we have the very best craft skilled labor. This enhances our ability to collaborate with customers and labor affiliations on future workforce needs and further differentiates us and the marketplace as a strategic solutions provider.  We invested approximately $400 million in strategic acquisition of seven high quality companies with great management teams that expand or enhance our ability to provide solutions to our customers or additive to our base business and advance our strategic initiatives. These companies add to our self-perform capabilities, which typically accounts for approximately 85% of our work and are key to providing cost certainty to our customers. We believe our approach to acquisitions and our operating model helps de-risk our work portfolio through improved execution and results in more consistent earnings. We strengthened our financial position with the closing of our $1 billion investment grade senior notes offering, which we believe points to the resiliency and sustainability of our business model and positive multi-year outlook. We demonstrated our commitment to stockholder value and confidence in Quanta’s financial strength and continued growth opportunities through the acquisition of approximately $250 million of common stock and a 25% increase in our dividend. And finally, the diversity of our services, proactive cost management, and execution through significant uncertainty caused by the pandemic and challenged energy markets allowed our underground utility and infrastructure solutions operations to perform well under the circumstances. We are optimistic that the most challenging market conditions are behind us, and we see opportunity for revenue and margin improvement in 2021, and continue to believe this segment can achieve upper single-digit operating income margin as operating conditions further normalized over time.  We believe our strategic position in the marketplace remains strong and we are well positioned for continued profitable growth over the near and longer-term. Despite unprecedented operating conditions and uncertainties caused by the global pandemic proportions of our business, the strong performance of our electric power and communications operations resulted in record adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, cash flow, and backlog in 2020. While we are proud of the achievements last year, we remain focused on getting better to ensure that Quanta continues to evolve to effectively collaborate with our customers and business partners and helping them achieve their goals and to capitalize on the opportunities ahead of us.  The recent severe weather conditions that impacted living conditions in Texas and other parts of the country shows how critical infrastructure that we design, build, and maintain is to our everyday wellbeing. The solutions Quanta provides supports our customers’ efforts to increase reliability, safety, efficiency, and connectivity, all of which have a favorable environmental and social impact on both the markets that we serve and society. Additionally, our solutions facilitate policies and goals aimed at the adoption of new technologies and transitioning towards a carbon neutral economy. As a result, we believe our business is levered to favorable and sustainable long-term goals.  Our utility customers who account for more than 70% of our 2020 revenues are leaders in the effort to reduce carbon emissions with aggressive efforts to modernize and harden their systems, expand their renewable generation portfolios, and implement new technologies for current and future needs. A number of utilities have committed to providing 100% of their power by clean energy or achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Achieving these goals requires substantial incremental investment in transmission, substation and distribution infrastructure to interconnect new renewable generation facilities to the power grid and to ensure grid reliability due to the significant increase of intermittent power added to the system. Further developed economies are expected to be increasingly driven by electricity to meet carbon reduction goals over time. Vehicle electrification offers a large carbon reduction opportunity in addition to residential and commercial space and water heating and industrial and agriculture electrification. According to a report from the Wire's Group [ph], increased electrification and electric vehicle adoption in United States could require a 70 to 200 gigawatts of new power generation by 2030. The majority of which is expected to be renewables and could require incremental transmission investment of $30 billion to $90 billion by 2030. We believe these investment requirements associated with electrification are in addition to the significant multi-year investment programs already in place for the coming years to modernize the existing power grid to ensure reliable power delivery under current market conditions. The outlook for our communications operations, which is within the electric power segment remains bright. We expect to generate approximately $700 million in revenue this year, which would represent approximately 30% growth over 2020. Our communication services support the technology we use every day for work, education, entertainment, connecting with friends and family, all of which are critically important. To that end, the effects of COVID-19 have caused communication providers to increase investment in the fiber networks to ensure adequate speed, capacity, and reliability to meet these needs. Additionally, we believe Quanta is well positioned to leverage our electric power and communication solutions capabilities to assist many of our rural and municipal electric customers who are expected to participate in the rural digital opportunity fund. This fund provides more than $20 billion to bridge the digital divide that exists for millions of people living in rural America without access to adequate broadband connectivity. Further, we expect 5G deployments to accelerate in 2021, which will remain well positioned to continue to participate in. Our underground utility and infrastructure solutions segment experienced meaningful challenges during the year due to the effects of COVID-19 such as shutdowns in certain cities that had short-term impacts on our gas utility services and the significant reduction in demand for refined products that materially impacted our industrial service customers. As discussed previously, we believe the greatest impacts from these dynamics are behind us. Going forward, we expect to continue our focus on our gas utility, pipeline integrity, and industrial services businesses consistent with our strategy over the last five years due to the favorable long-term trends driven by safety, reliability, and environmental regulations. Our gas utility services supported with regulated programs to replace and modernize aging infrastructure, which can be [indiscernible] and pose potential safety concerns. They also support customer efforts to reduce methane emissions and positions the gas distribution systems to potentially deliver hydrogen to users in the future.  Our pipeline integrity services seek to ensure that existing pipelines operate safely and in an environmentally friendly manner. And many of our industrial services support customer’s compliance with regulations aimed at minimizing environmental impacts caused by methane gas release and increase operational efficiency and safety. We believe these favorable safety, reliability, and environmental initiatives and long-term industry trends such as electrifications and technology implementations will continue to drive growth opportunities for Quanta for the foreseeable future. Quanta is actively engaged in collaborative conversations with many of our customers about their multi-year multi-billion dollar programs extending as far as 10 years. Regarding how Quanta can provide solutions throughout our customer's value chain to meet their strategic infrastructure investment goals in support of these initiatives.  In our earnings release this morning, we provided our 2021 guidance. We believe -- which we believe demonstrates the strength and sustainability of our business and long-term strategy, favorable end market trends, our ability to safely execute in a strong competitive position in the marketplace. Our expectations call for growth in revenues, adjusted EBITDA, and earnings per share and improve profit margins. Additionally, we see opportunity to achieve new record levels of backlog in 2021. In summary, we generated solid results in 2020 that we believe reflect the resiliency and sustainability of our business, the benefit of our strong financial position, the successful execution of our strategic initiatives, and the excellence of our people. The challenges we faced and the way we continue to support and collaborate with our customers last year, particularly as it relates to the pandemic, brought out the best of this organization and I believe made Quanta stronger. Overall, our end markets and multi-year visibility are solid, and we have built a strong platform that positions us well to capitalize on favorable long-term trends, particularly the transition towards a carbon neutral economy and the adoption of new technologies. Considering our organic growth opportunities and the levers available to us to allocate future cash flow generation and to creating opportunities such as stock repurchases, acquisitions, strategic investments in dividends, we believe Quanta will continue to generate meaningful stockholder value going forward.  Quanta is a portfolio of exceptional businesses with geographic and service line diversity. We are anchored by our commitment to craft skilled labor and our self-perform capabilities. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best in class skilled leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta’s base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model, and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of the fourth quarter and full year results and 2021 expectations. Derrick.
Derrick Jensen: Thanks Duke and good morning, everyone. Today we announced fourth quarter 2020 revenues of $2.9 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $170.1 million or $1.17 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share. Our non-GAAP measure was $1.22. Overall the fourth quarter closed out another exceptional year of operational performance for Quanta, a year in which we delivered record results across multiple metrics despite headwinds faced related to the pandemic. Our electric power revenues excluding Latin America were $2.11 billion, a 15.7% increase when compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. This increase was driven by mid-single-digit growth in our base business, increased contributions from the timing of certain larger projects, and $75 million in revenues from acquired businesses. Contributing to the base business growth was approximately 13% growth from our communications operations and record fourth quarter demand for our emergency restoration services of approximately $150 million primarily associated with efforts to restore infrastructure in the Southeastern and Midwestern United States although it came at the expense of certain other work in progress. Partially offsetting these increases was the expected reduction in fire hardening work in the Western United States during 4Q 2020, as compared to 4Q 2019.  Electric segment margins in 4Q 2020 were 11.6% and excluding our Latin American operations segment margins were 12.9% versus 9% in 4Q 2019. The robust operating margins were driven by increased profit contributions from the elevated emergency restoration services which typically present opportunities for higher margins due to higher equipment utilization and fixed cost absorption as well as improved margins in our Canadian operations primarily associated with certain larger transmission projects. However, although difficult to calculate the direct incremental effects, excluding revenues and profit from storm response efforts, our margins were still comfortably in double digits reflecting continued strong execution across all of our electric power operations. Of note, our communications margins continue to improve against the prior year with a margin of 9% during the quarter.  Regarding our Latin American operations included within the electric segment, we have substantially completed the wind down activities required to exit those markets. Our year-long effort to shut down our operations across the region was significantly impacted by COVID-19 dynamics, as well as political and regulatory uncertainties and customer challenges all of which contributed meaningfully higher losses than anticipated. In the fourth quarter we took the additional step of reserving remaining property, equipment, and inventory assets as the uncertain market conditions minimized likely recoveries upon disposition. As a reminder, we currently received no tax benefit for losses in Latin America so the $27 million in losses impacted the quarter by approximately $0.19. With minimal contractual obligations remaining, we feel comfortable that other than arbitration updates on the terminated Peruvian communications network project, we will no longer provide commentary on Latin America.  Revenues from our underground utility and infrastructure solution segment were $806 million, 36% lower than 4Q 2019. Similar to prior quarters, expected reduced contributions from larger diameter pipeline projects contributed to the decline. The variability attributable to larger pipeline projects is why we've taken strategic steps to reposition our service offerings around more predictable utility backed revenue streams. While we remain well positioned to opportunistically deploy resources for larger pipeline projects, we expect most future work will consist of smaller pipeline transmission and integrity oriented projects. Additionally, the lingering negative impacts of COVID-19 have reduced some level of demand for broader services across the segment with reduction in demand for refined products, substantially contributing to reduce quarter-over-quarter revenues from our industrial operations.  Operating margins for this segment were 5.1%. These margins were 190 basis points lower than 4Q 2019, primarily due to reduced revenues as well as some degree of execution challenges during the quarter and cost associated with the exit of certain ancillary pipeline operations. These negative impacts were partially offset by net positive project closeouts, primarily driven by the recognition of previously deferred suspension and milestone payments and the reduction of remaining contingency balances associated with the Atlantic coast pipeline project, which was officially terminated on December 31, 2020. Our total backlog was $15.1 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, slightly higher than 4Q 2019 and comparable to the third quarter of 2020 yet remains at record levels. 12 months backlog of $8.3 billion is an increase from both the fourth quarter of 2019 and the third quarter of 2020. As a reminder, the LUMA joint venture is accounted for as an equity method investment, and therefore does not contribute to revenue and is not included in backlog. However, assuming an operating margin profile consistent with our electric power operations LUMA's contribution over the 15-year operation and maintenance agreement would imply a backlog equivalent of more than $6 billion for Quanta. For the fourth quarter of 2020, we generated free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure of $200 million and although $381 million lower than 4Q 2019, it was higher than we anticipated driven by stronger profits in the quarter and the cash cycle consistent with our third quarter results. For the year we generated record free cash flow of $892 million. Day sales outstanding or DSO measured 83 days for the quarter, which was comparable to the third quarter of 2020 and fourth quarter of 2019. Cash flows in the fourth quarter and full year 2020 did partially benefit from the deferral of $37 million and $109 million of employer payroll tax payments permitted by the CARES Act with the payments due in equal installments at the end of 2021 and 2022. We had $185 million of cash at the end of the year with total liquidity of $2.2 billion and a debt to EBITDA ratio as calculated under our credit agreement of approximately 1.2 times. Turning to guidance, we continue to deal with some level of COVID-19 uncertainty as we assess the near-term prospects of our operations, primarily in our underground utility and infrastructure solution segment, and we've remained prudent with our expectations for 2021. However, as we look ahead to 2021 and beyond, we see the base business propelling multi-year growth opportunities for both segments. Electric segment revenues grew to $7.8 billion at the end of 2020 and we continue to see our base business providing mid-single to double-digit growth opportunities, coupled with some degree of increased contributions from larger projects, primarily associated with previously announced projects in Canada. In the aggregate, we expect electric power revenues to range between $8.3 billion and $8.5 billion, which includes expected revenues from our communications operations of around $700 million.  As it relates to electric power segment revenue seasonality, we expect revenue growth in each quarter of 2021 compared to 2020, with quarter-over-quarter growth in the first and second quarters, potentially exceeding 10%. We expect first quarter revenues to be the lowest of the year due to normal seasonal weather dynamics impacting certain construction activities. We expect the high end of our revenue range to represent greater revenue growth opportunities in the third and fourth quarters relative to 2020.  We expect 2021 operating margins for the electric power segment the range between 10.1% and 10.9%, which includes contributions of approximately $29 million or $0.20 per share from the LUMA joint venture and earnings from other integral unconsolidated affiliates. LUMA is expected to contribute around $9 million in the first half of the year, then increasing in the back half of the year as we exit the front-end [ph] transition services period. Although we are proud of our overall electric power performance in 2020, our 11.6% margins excluding Latin America, are above historical averages and are the highest since 2013 due in part to record annual emergency restoration service revenues of $450 million.  As outlined in our accompanying slides, our 2021 expectations for margins for this segment are consistent with historical averages, and are also based on expectations for more normalized emergency restoration service revenues of approximately $200 million, also in line with historical averages. As is typically the case, we expect that first quarter operating margins will be the lowest for the year, possibly slightly below 10%. However, we expect margins to increase into the second and third quarters and then slightly decline in the fourth quarter. We believe communications operating income margins which have been dilutive to segment margins in prior periods could be at parity with electric operations on a full year basis.  The underground utility and infrastructure solutions segment continues to be impacted by COVID-19 and the challenging energy market conditions. However, we are anticipating upper single-digit to double-digit revenue growth off of 2020 with full year revenues expected to range between $3.65 billion to $3.85 billion. Over 90% of our revenue expectations for 2021 represent base business with larger projects representing their lowest level of contributions in the last seven years. From a seasonality perspective, we see first quarter revenues being our lowest for the year, likely more than 20% lower than the first quarter of 2020. This decline is primarily due to significantly reduced industrial service revenues compared to the record results in 1Q 2020 as industrial customers are still dealing with lower demand stemming from decreased global travel activity associated with the pandemic, as well as reduced contributions from lower -- larger pipeline projects.  Revenues should increase sequentially into the third quarter then seasonally decline in the fourth quarter. Quarterly revenues for the second through the fourth quarters are expected to be higher on a quarter-over-quarter basis as compared to 2020 with double-digit growth expected for each quarter. Operating margin improvement for this segment continues to be a focus for us. We see segment margins ranging between 5.5% and 6% led primarily by continued execution within our gas LVC operations. Our full year margin expectations include a breakeven contribution from our industrial services operations in 2021, due to the continued challenging environment. However, to put our current segment margin guidance in context, if our industrial operations contributed at historical pre-COVID margin levels, our segment margin guidance would increase by over 100 basis points.  Consistent with years past and similar to electric power, our first quarter traditionally has lower activity in this segment due to weather seasonality, which impacts our revenues and pressures margin. With current inclement weather across much of the U.S. further pressuring those operations, we expect first quarter margins between breakeven and a small loss. However, we expect solid improvement into the second and third quarters with a seasonal decline in the fourth quarter. These segment operating ranges support our expectation for 2021 annual revenues of $11.95 billion to $12.35 billion and adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure of between $1.09 billion and $1.19 billion. This represents 8% growth at the midpoint of the range when compared to 2020’s record adjusted EBITDA. With these operating results, we estimate our range of GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock for the year to be between $3.16 and $3.66 and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $4.02 and $4.52.  Turning to cash flow, we expect free cash flow for 2021 to range between $400 million and $600 million with the standard disclaimer that quarterly free cash flow is subject to sizable movements due to various customer and project dynamic that occur in the normal course of operations. Included in our free cash flow expectation is the anticipated payment of $54 million in the fourth quarter related to payroll taxes that were deferred in 2020. As we have discussed during prior investor events, our cash flow generation moves counter to our revenue growth rates. For instance, a large driver of our significant free cash flow in 2020 was reduced revenues of approximately $900 million compared to 2019, decreasing working capital needs. However, higher revenue growth, like we're guiding for 2021 will likely require a meaningful investment in working capital to support the growth. While our 2021 free cash flow may be negatively impacted by increased working capital required to support our return to 2019 revenue levels, we believe that consistent, sustainable growth profile and solid margins of our base business provides for repeatable levels of free cash flow generation in line with our 2021 guidance in future periods. For additional information, please refer to our outlook summary which can be found on the IR website at quantaservices.com.  Looking back on our 2020 performance, although there were headwinds to the year, we ended the year with $11.2 billion in revenues, which represents an 8.1% revenue CAGR since 2015. More importantly, we ended the year with slightly over $1 billion of adjusted EBITDA, a record for Quanta and equal to our goal established five years ago, which represents a nearly 15% CAGR since 2015. Lastly, our record adjusted EPS of $3.82 represents a 28% CAGR since 2015, with our adjusted EPS growing faster than profits, which are growing faster than revenues. Over the last five years, we have deployed approximately $1.4 billion in cash for M&A and strategic investments, and $760 million for stock repurchases. While we acquire $250 million of common stock in 2020 and $7 million of common stock through February 24, 2021, we have approximately $530 million of availability remaining on our current stock repurchase program. Our first capital priority remains supporting the growth of our business through working capital and capital expenditures, however, we remain committed to the deployment of remaining available capital to stockholders through our stock repurchase and dividend programs and we continue to expect opportunistic acquisitions.  Our $1 billion bond offering in 2020 established a fixed level of debt that nicely complements our current EBITDA profile, which we believe is a repeatable, sustainable baseline of earnings. Simultaneously, we secured an expanded credit facility further enhancing our ability to meet incremental capital needs. Overall, we remain confident in the strength of our operations, our prospects for profitable growth, and the repeatable and sustainable nature of our core markets. We've developed a platform for Quanta to capitalize on the trends driving the spend in our markets, and we firmly believe delivering base business solutions to world class craft skilled labor, optimistic larger project deployments, and continued balance sheet strength will be the key to delivering long-term shareholder value. This concludes our formal presentation and we will now open the line for Q&A. Operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Noelle Dilts of Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Noelle Dilts: Hi guys, good morning and congrats on a great quarter. Could you just expand a little bit on how things are progressing in Puerto Rico, how we're looking at the transition over to kind of full scale operations there and any change in how you're thinking about some of the opportunities around construction projects in the region? Thanks. 
Duke Austin: Yeah, in Puerto Rico we're making progress, we are staying on task on the timeline that we set forth within our bid process. And so I think we're making great strides there. We're continuing to transition the labor force as well as everything that comes with that from remediation plans and capital plans on the PREPA side of the business. And I -- from my standpoint, I think the third quarter sometime is when we expect to fully transition over into commencement. If not, it will just -- we have a supplemental agreement that will continue and will stay in the supplemental agreement. But the numbers and what we put forth does not change. We continue to be optimistic about the progress we're making as well as what we're doing for the island, the people. We've got our training facility very close to opening so we're seeing a lot of progress there and momentum around what we can do for the island, as far as the people as well as the economics for the island. So everything's on track, going well.
Noelle Dilts: Okay, great. And then obviously kind of a lot of positive drivers on the electric T&D side. I guess, a couple of questions there; first, I think some of the grid hardening work that was particularly around fires that was kind of planned for 2020, maybe then pushed off -- could you -- had been pushed off, can you comment on how you're thinking about that for 2021? And then just kind of any thoughts on some of the Biden administration's goals around renewable energy and the potential for an infrastructure bill, sort of how are you thinking about one, the potential for an infrastructure bill, and if you could see some grid related initiatives there given the administration's initiative? Thanks.
Duke Austin: Yeah, so I'll take the wild fire question to the West first. When we looked at it last year, we knew in our mind we have one of our larger utilities out there was coming out of bankruptcy, as well as putting a management team in. They are still putting that management team in place. We said all along that if we weren't working on that, we would be working somewhere in the West, that's still the case. It has not -- the demand for our services and what we're doing there from a solution provider to the wildfire assessment, as well as the construction thereafter still remains. I think it's a long-term build in the West around hardening, modernization, and all the things that are necessary when you want to move to more of a carbon free environment. And when we look at that to the West, I think they're a little farther along in their anticipation of being there. So we are still backed up by quite a bit of gas in the region. So I continue to believe that we'll continue to see modernization of that infrastructure as well as hardening for wildfires to the west. And the way we looked at it this year is, we took the normal approach, the same one we've taken in years past, and if we're not busy on the wildfire piece of it we will be busy doing other things in the West. So, I think all that's anticipated. If we start to move and expedite that it would be in the latter half of the year, and we comment on it as a move forward, move upward. So we took a prudent approach to that.  As far as the Biden administration, we've done well under both administrations. It doesn't, whether it be Republican or Democrat, we're really agnostic to that. When we look at it, I think if they follow the energy plan of the 2030-2050 type timeframe, as far as moving to a more carbon free footprint and certainly drives our business, I don't think that sentiment is going away. So we continue to see momentum around renewables and carbon free types of environment, whether it be hydrogen, batteries, whatever it may be that sentiment is there. The administration is certainly pushing that and I think it's beneficial for Quanta on all fronts. So that's where we [spend] [ph].
Noelle Dilts: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sean Eastman: Hi, gentlemen. Nice work all around, great job. I wanted to start on the underground utility margins. So they're set at 5.5% to 6% for 2021. I think you said it would be a 100 basis points better if we had a normalized contribution from industrial services. So, I guess firstly, does that just mean we'd be 100 basis points higher if demand for refined products was normalized around the reopening? And second, I mean what is the sort of longer-term trajectory in this segment, maybe you could just refresh us on beyond just a normalization and in a reopening of the economy, what the longer-term target is for this business? 
Duke Austin: Yeah. So, I think when we look at the segment and look at what we're trying to accomplish there, we moved it away from large projects into a more of a base business. And you see that happening, as we sit today. When we look at the industrial business what we have it is flat for the year. We do see signs of life there. If the economy comes back, we will get into more normalized industrial sector and see more of the same type of work we've seen over our historical. So if you go back to 2008 and 2009 -- and you look after 2008 and 2009 we have very busy years in industrial space. I expected that will happen. Nothing's changed there, I really liked that business unit, I think we'll grow out of it. We have opportunities where others have left the space. So we continue to see greatest opportunity we've ever had there on a go forward basis. We like it and we'll continue to stay in it.  So again, as Derek commented, we do believe if that gets back and you get in the upper single digits there like it's operated in the past, it will move the whole segment up. And that's what we see. So I -- we're committed to operating this segment in upper single digits. We're making strides to get there every day based on base business and repetitive and resilient type framework with growth to our LDC markets that are regulated markets and that's backing that segment. I will say that the company itself is a portfolio and when you look at those individual segments or operating units that perform that work, it's not they can go perform electric work and do. They perform telecom work and do. So while it looks like in a segment, you get one -- you see it one way, it doesn't mean that we're not fully utilized as a company, and we're not moving forward as a portfolio. So you see the overall margins of the company lift and we've always said that our goal for the company is to be double-digit adjusted EBITDA. 
Sean Eastman: Okay, got it. That's helpful Duke and maybe just continuing on the margin discussion with electric power. I guess firstly, is the trajectory from the 11.6 ex LATAM in 2020 to the 10.1 to 10.9 in the guidance for 2021 or just a normalization in storm revenue run rates? And second, I mean, relative to the 10.1 to 10.9, I mean, it seems like, LUMA in the out year, a full transition contribution in the out year is a tailwind, it seems like telecom is exiting -- is going to exit 2021 at a higher run rate in terms of margin. So, is there potential for expansion beyond this 2021 guidance range for electric power margins around those factors? 
Duke Austin: Yeah, I mean, when we look at the margins, and you look at it on a CAGR basis, you go back 20 years. We've operated in kind of double-digits and so for us, that's what we see historically. We have operated above that, we've talked about that. I think when we look at our guidance, we take a prudent approach to it. It's very early, we have seasonality, we have all kinds of events. We did pull back to 200 million of storm guidance. So if that's more obviously that would pick up the segment. We're operating really well there and I think, certainly there's opportunity, but as far as where we sit, the guidance that we gave is prudent. And I think if you look at it over time, that's where we will sit over time on a CAGR basis. So yes, there's always opportunity for us, and we're going to do everything we can to operate above that.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah, Sean, one other bit of color. I mean, no, it's not really right to look at 2020 to 2021 being all as the storm pullback. Clearly, that is a component of it but that's what Duke is saying, the broader aspect of the operating model would average into that 10%. We've got a slide in there trying to illustrate that in the slide deck. And then relative to going forward though, yes, as it relates to the back half of the year performance for 2021 going into 2022 to the extent that you saw more of run rate type dynamics for LUMA in the back half of the year then yes, that would be accretive to thinking about the model going into 2022. 
Sean Eastman: Okay, terrific. Thanks for the color and again, nice work. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys. 
Duke Austin: Good morning Andy. 
Andy Kaplowitz: Duke, can you update us on where you are in terms of your focus on capturing more of your customers programming -- programmatic spend, it looks like your estimated orders under MSA is within electric power up dramatically, which is a major reason for the positive move in your power -- electric power backlog in 2020. So would you expect that to continue to move up in 2021 and are you generally seeing customers more willing to outsource more of their operations to you given labor scarcity and job complexity?
Duke Austin: No, we pride ourselves in self performance and kept craft skilled labor. And I think right now that is tight in the marketplace, in our training facilities, and the things that we've done allow us to collaborate with our customers there. So it's really driving the front side of the business and our ability to capture in a more holistic manner, the full value chain that we see in end to end solutions on utility base. So yes, I think we're making great progress there. I think it's something that we said we were going to do and pride ourselves going forward, and it will drive the business forward. So, the capital spends are also getting longer, when we talk about it, when we're talking to customers, our MSAs are lengthening, not getting shorter. So we're seeing more multi-year type MSAs versus one year basically to make sure that they had the craft skill labor and the ability to perform that CAPEX, OPEX on a go forward basis. And I like our position. I think we're doing very well on the utility side of the business as far as capturing more the front side.
Andy Kaplowitz: Duke, that's helpful. And then you mentioned large projects in Canada in electric power contributing a little more in terms of revenue in 2021. So could you talk about the duration of these projects, I think they'll burn revenue in 2022 and then, given all the focus on energy transition and renewables, are you at least having more conversations at this point regarding larger transmission work, so when your bigger Canadian projects and you should be able to replace them and/or further grow in large transmission?
Duke Austin: I mean, when we look at North America, if the sentiment stays to renewables and we continue down the path, there's no way around not putting in large transmission to move load-to-load centers. I think it's whether it be Canada or North America we will continue to see those type dynamics stack onto the base business as we move forward. The projects that are in Canada are performing well. And I -- at some parts of it will end in 2022 and parts of it will end in 2023. So it's a good base for us in Canada. We do see opportunities beyond that and other areas as well. So we continue to kind of see that. And as far as kind of the magnitude, we still see well above the 3 billion type framework in large projects of opportunity. And I think that continues on. It's well above that. I will just comment to that so no one will get excited that it's not that, above that so as we move forward.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good color, appreciate it Duke.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Alex Rygiel of B. Riley FBR. Please go ahead.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you and good morning, gentlemen. With regard to the revenue guidance for 2021 of 7% to 10%, what’s the anticipated contribution from acquisitions completed in 2020 as well as ones completed early in 2021?
Derrick Jensen: I would say that the incremental is probably around 200 or so for the full complement of acquisitions in 2020.
Alex Rygiel: And then, as you think about capital allocation in 2021, can you quantify or bracket sort of what you're targeting for acquisitions in the coming year either from a revenue contribution basis or capital to purchase those businesses?
Derrick Jensen: Yeah Alex, I think the strategy remains the same. You'll see us continuing to -- obviously, we're evaluating everything against the stock and what we can do with that and our organic growth. So we'll continue to make sure that we invest back in the business as far as working capital, where we still see plenty of acquisition type targets out there that come through. We're not hard pressed to make acquisitions but if we see the right company, management teams will certainly lean into them as we have in the past. And I think that will also be additive to anything we're trying to accomplish from a strategy standpoint. And I do think when we look at the way the company is running and the way that the capital allocation happens going forward, it does allow us to start thinking really -- the opportunity certainly for double-digit EPS growth year-over-year. And so we've seen much more than that and if you go back on a five year CAGR basis, it's much more than that. You see our guidance this year more than that. So I do think the company's ability to lean in and to pull all levers of the balance sheet to move us forward is certainly there and you'll see us do that. 
Derrick Jensen: Another way to fix that is to go back and look at our averages. I mean, you see that we averaged probably around 400 million or more in deployment of capital and acquisitions over the last four or five years. 
Alex Rygiel: Thank you. 
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steven Fisher of UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Fisher: Thanks and good morning. Just on the cash flow, your guidance of about 45% conversion of EBITDA seems a little bit higher than you were previously talking about when you get growth going into sort of the upper single-digits on a revenue basis. So I guess, is there anything in particular that's taking that cash flow above that maybe 35% to 40% conversion on a kind of a low single-digit, low to mid-single-digit basis or is this now sort of a new normal kind of cash conversion at a better level? 
Duke Austin: Yeah, thanks for the question, Steve. Actually, what I'd say is, it is a little bit higher. We ended up the year with probably running about a little over 12% working capital as a percentage of trailing four month revenues. Historically, we were really running probably about 13%. So I think we've done a good job of continuing to get some of that pressure down on the working capital side. I think we can maintain that throughout this year and that will give us a little bit higher conversion rate. As Alex has asked there is a little bit of M&A driving the revenue side, so that would factor the revenue growth up just a little bit. But, we've commented multiple times that in a moderated growth rate kind of that mid-single-digit that we could be in that 40% to 50% type conversion, which is largely what you're seeing with a little bit of an uptick based on expectations of maybe a little bit better cash conversion than what we've seen in recent periods. 
Steve Fisher: And then just on the telecom business, just curious what's the bookings potential looks like there, are there any opportunities out there to maybe drive a step function increase in that 900 million backlog it has today or should we now expect that as this business gets a little bit bigger, the growth rate kind of starts to have a moderating trend, both on the revenues and the backlog sides? 
Duke Austin: Yeah Steve, I think when we look at the telecom business we see the macro market, it's very good. And I think our ability to book is there, continue to book. What I would say is we've taken a measured approach to make sure that we kept our double-digit margins and hit those targets. And I think we've done that, we've grown it nicely. As long as we can hit kind of the double-digit target margins that we're after, then we'll continue to see the kind of growth rates but it will moderate at some point above big numbers, we'll get there. But in general, the markets there for us to continue to grow that business above the growth rate of the electric segment, for sure. So I think we see that going forward. And our ability -- what's happening with art -- the art work is that's also going in our municipal electric customer. So it's allowing us even more opportunity to grow the business with even our electrics not inside of the business as far as our crew sets and with 5G and the way that that's going into the -- on the electric space certainly it will push our telecom up even farther. So I'm optimistic, the markets good and we're doing well there. 
Steve Fisher: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning, a nice quarter. I guess my first question back to underground utility infrastructure. Are there any sort of inorganic opportunities that you could do and acquisitions that we could think about in 2021 to somewhat accelerate the margin improvement in this business I know before, or historically Duke you talked about scale and perhaps not enough geographic diversification sort of weighing down on the margins in this business and wondering how opportunistic we can be there versus just waiting for the industrial services business to come back? And then on industrial services, I know you talked about if we normalized you would get margin improvement in that business. I guess what's the revenue growth that you need or can you remind us where industrial services revenues were ended in 2020 versus what you would need to get that margin improvement? Thanks.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Jamie. To be clear, I want to make sure our goal is to operate that segment and we're doing what's necessary to operate that segment in upper single-digits the way it sits. That being said, our crews aren't sitting. I mean, many times they'll go and perform electric work, they'll do other things on the electric segment. So you're seeing the overall margins of the company move up. No matter what class of work they do, a bore rig for example can bore electric one day, gas the next, and telecom the next. So what we're doing is making sure that our offices are fully utilized. So it's driving the overall margins up of the company and we do anticipate that as we continue to grow out the utility side of that LDC business with integrity and pipe replacements that that will continue to be the largest piece of the segment, as well as move up our margin profile and resiliency of the business as we go forward. So those are 30 year builds. We like that business, where you have put in the Eastern seaboard, albeit it had some issues last year, and just now starting to kind of come back to full scale on the eastern seaboard. So I think when we see all that come together, you're going to start to see it move up fairly rapidly. I do think the industrial business when we acquired stronghold, it was around 500 million, we had anticipated that growing to a billion at some point. But that is back to more normalized level. But so when we look at that piece going forward, we like the pieces that are there, their critical path infrastructure, we've not scaled back to operate at the 500 million mark. We still believe when this moves out that there's greater opportunity for us. So we are holding on to some people to make sure that we can fulfill the customer's needs as we move forward. So there is a little drag on margin there in the industrial business by design. We've done it before in other areas, I think it's the right thing to do for the long-term vision that we have for that group.
Derrick Jensen: Jamie, a couple of quick points there. Relative to the differential revenue Duke commented effectively, it's about like a couple $100 million. But I think another point that's worth noting is 2021 expectations are exacerbated by kind of a first quarter effect. Industrial is counter seasonal and so it oftentimes contributes a little bit more into the first quarter than the normal aspect of our business. When you look at the modeling, I think what you'll find is for you to get to a 5.5% to 6% margin profile for underground, based upon the breakeven to small loss in the first quarter. You're going to have to see second, third and fourth quarters operating effectively at around 7%. So it's really right now an exacerbated first quarter dynamic that's really creating the majority of the dilution, but otherwise you're seeing margin execution of that remaining portion of business ex industrial in the back half of the year still at kind of that 7% type plus performance.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, all. You had some rough weather down your neck in the woods last week to 10 days. Just share with us how you guys work through that and do you get the sense certainly and be in touch with your utility customers maybe for [indiscernible] area just in general and plus the news and the flow that's happened, is this going to accelerate some of the decisions and the problems that Arcot [ph] had to some other parts of the country and are you -- do you think you're going to get a sense of that here in the next couple months, even especially from a regulatory standpoint, not only just in Texas, but now some of the other regulators around the U.S.?
Derrick Jensen: Yeah, thanks Mike. Thanks for the question. Yeah, we have some weather here for sure and I want to say that our employees, both at the corporate level and in the field does remarkable job of putting earnings out and being safe in the field and getting the lights back on. So that being said, when we look at that I think you're going to have to have some redundancy. No matter what you do, there's intermittency. So whether it be if you're still backed by gas, your pipe that froze out in West Texas you're going to have to see some redundancy and to backup the grid. And now whether you do it with batteries or new pipe, that's certainly there as well as transmission where you had load, you can't bring it out because you are constrained. So I think you're going to see transmission across North America. If we're going to go to more of a renewable sentiment state that's been stated, I've said it before and I'll say it again, the amount of transmission that's necessary to have a robust, redundant system to backup intermittency is large in nature much more than you can anticipate if you go to a European type environment, where you see large corridors of transmission. So I think those spend stay there. Batteries will come into play at some point and be more of take some of that intermittency out, but we're early in batteries as we move forward. So I -- those kind of things to build that modern grid, as you see electric vehicles come on the distribution system, our infrastructure that we have today, we continue to need to invest, to modernize. And you're going to -- our utility customers Capex and OPEX as well as our regulators will continue to put focus on those areas as we move forward.
Michael Dudas: I appreciate that color. Thanks Duke.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis. Please go ahead.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning guys. Congrats on a strong Q4. 
Duke Austin: Thank you. 
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, Duke, on the transmission side in the U.S. and Canada, just at a high level, what are you seeing in the bidding environment out there? 
Duke Austin: No, we're really busy. I -- most of the work we have are multi-year agreements across the board. So really, we're in multi type year agreements on the base business, and then your larger work, we continue to see a robust bidding environment and transmission side. And I -- from our standpoint we are certainly positioned well for those larger projects, both in Canada and lower 48. So it's a robust environment.
Adam Thalhimer: And then I guess, sort of the same question on the gas side, where are you in your plans to kind of grow the base business on the gas side with gas utilities adding MSAs?
Duke Austin: I mean, we're adding MSAs pretty much every year, probably every quarter for that matter. And it's really about us having the qualified personnel and continuing our training programs to get the folks in the field and remain productive and make sure that we keep our margin profile up and don't go past our margins. So it's more about a margin issue than the amount of macro work from a macro standpoint and not work that's out there. So, we'll be prudent about how we step into the gas piece of the LVC market, utility market. But it is certainly there and growing and I think we've grown it kind of upper single-digits to double-digits year-over-year, and you'll continue to see that. 
Derrick Jensen: Maybe -- well, one way to think about it, aggregate MSAs are now -- as it relates to the end of 2020 we're just about 50% or just over 50% of revenues, which has definitely grown from what you've seen three or four years ago. 
Adam Thalhimer: Yeah, good stat. Thanks, Derrick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chad Dillard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Chad Dillard: Alright, good morning guys. So my question is on the telecom margins and you guys are guiding to I guess, kind of in line with the segment levels through this year and on the revenue side, you are guiding about $700 million. I am just trying to understand, what sort of incremental leverage do you have going from this $700 million this year to your eventual $1 billion run rate and is there a potential upside beyond the second average for telecoms?
Duke Austin: I think, again, when you see portfolio approach there when you start to use electric crews to not only for electric work, but also telecom work, you get some synergy there that would increase the margins on the telecom side. So as that comes into play in the years beyond when we start looking more 5G in the rural areas, I think you'll start to see margins increase as we go forward. And it's about utilization, PP utilizations and scale with offices from a managerial standpoint as well as a fleet standpoint. So the returns get better as well. 
Chad Dillard: It's helpful and just a bigger picture question. So how much will gas transportation and distribution infrastructure need to change and how do you get introduced as a bigger part of the energy mix, just what infrastructure is on the pipe side and are there any parallels you can draw versus what we saw on the Shale gas revolution about a decade ago and in terms of the capabilities that Quanta is there anything you can be [indiscernible] in terms of natural skillset, geographic focus or customer coverage to realize opportunities ahead there?
Duke Austin: Yeah, I think when you look at the segment, you look at as far as the gas distribution and hydrogen and how it mixes in. It's certainly more corrosive. So, when you're starting to blend it, we're working on those blends and things of that nature today. So that corrosiveness will cause work as well. So we see that going forward, it's early in my mind and we're still working on how that interacts in my mind with what's going on today, but we continue to see gas being utilized in new areas, as well as replacements in our older areas to reduce methane emissions. So that's been something that has gone somewhat unnoticed is the methane emissions that it's caused today from leak prone pipe, that's no longer there. So I think we're doing a good job from the environmental aspect as well by replacing it. And so I think about it like the systems that are in place are very valuable, because it's very difficult to build a new system today. And so the ones that are in place, what will happen is the integrity piece of our business will continue to flourish as we move forward due to you're using an older pipe because it's too difficult to build new pipe. So we'll continue to see our integrity piece move up. And we're looking at that as a strategy as we go forward. 
Chad Dillard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Brent Thielman: Hey, great. Thank you and congrats on a great quarter and great year. Maybe similar to the last question, these themes of clean energy, electrical vehicles, and the infrastructure needed for that, they are meaningful for your business over the long-term, are there other capabilities or services that you don't have today that could be of interest to leverage those themes more, whether that's direct engagement in renewables development or things around the EV infrastructure arena, just wondering if you're looking at any of those sorts of things and sort of supplemental growth opportunities to the core business? 
Derrick Jensen: Yeah, when you think about everything that you've said, whether it be electric vehicles, automated vehicles, technology, renewables, hydrogen, we're in conversations and collaborations with helping build the modern infrastructure necessary to enable every one of the things that you hear every day. So the company is in a unique position to enable all those things to happen, whether it be electric vehicles on the distribution systems, to make sure that not only can we put charging stations in, but we can also make sure that grid behind it can handle the amount of electric vehicles that are going to be charging on a daily basis. And the intermittency that it causes is a tremendous step forward within the distribution systems that we see today on the electric side. Technology on the telecom side, as we move into 5G, the company is in a very unique position there to deploy resources there. So I think any way you look at it from a sentiment standpoint and how we're becoming more sustainable going forward as well as environmental friendly from a company, we're enabling all those things to happen. 
Brent Thielman: Okay, appreciate that. And then on communications, sorry if you touched on this earlier, but I guess I'm wondering with the completion of the C Band action, whether that's leading to much more meaningful dialogue with customers just around the build out of infrastructure, maybe what are you hearing from them now, now that that's completed?
Duke Austin: I think we still see the same. I mean, it's a robust conversation on a daily basis about what's going to happen. Obviously, there's been with the pandemic some of the plants have moved and you see more fiber pushing into your suburbs. So that's certainly something that we see but on a go forward, the capital spends there are there and I think we're well positioned to take advantage of that as we move forward.
Brent Thielman: Okay, thank you. 
Duke Austin: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Duke Austin: Yeah, I want to congratulate the company and the management teams that we have. They're exceptional. We've performed very, very well in tough conditions as well as the corporate office to push out earnings in tough times. And so I commend everyone in the organization. And I want to thank you for participating in the call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services and thank you. This concludes the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines and log out of the webcast at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for standing by today and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President and Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. Please, go ahead.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. This morning we issued a press release announcing our third quarter results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2020 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we'll use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, October 29, 2020, and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability, established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release, along with the company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary and we'll then turn it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a review of our third quarter results and full year 2020 financial expectations. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported strong third quarter results, including profitability that meaningfully exceeded our expectations. The performance of our field leadership and the people of this organization continue to be nothing short of impressive. They have successfully adapted to working through a pandemic, while continuing to restore critical infrastructure in extreme conditions. The strength of our performance was reflected in our Electric Power segment margins, including our communications operations and our Pipeline and Industrial segment margins. It is also reflected in our record earnings per share and backlog, which continues to demonstrate the resiliency of our business and the operational excellence of our people during extraordinary economic and operating conditions. In addition, we strengthened our financial position with the closing of our $1 billion senior notes offering, expansion of the capacity and extension of the term of our credit facility and our receipt of an investment-grade credit rating, all of which, we believe, points to the resiliency and sustainability of our business model and positive multiyear outlook. Derrick and our finance and treasury team did an outstanding job, managing the simultaneous and successful financing processes and we're able to secure capital at attractive rates and terms. And finally, an important part of our value proposition to all our stakeholders is Quanta's commitment to corporate responsibility and sustainability. To that end, during the third quarter we published our first corporate responsibility report, which focuses on our commitment to people, planet and principles. Quanta has a great ESG story to tell and we are pleased with the progress we are making to provide increased transparency into our corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives. Turning to our operating results. Our Electric Power operations produced record quarterly revenue and solid operating margins, driven by strong demand for our services, effective cost management, high utilizations, operational excellence and record levels of emergency response activity. Utilities continue to actively deploy capital into their systems to modernize, harden and expand them and to integrate renewable generation to transition towards a carbon-neutral or carbon-free environment. To that end, we are actively performing infrastructure work, including substations and transmission interconnects for onshore wind and solar projects and are seeing additional opportunities associated with offshore wind, battery projects and hydroelectric development. Large-scale deployment of renewable generation will require both upgrades to and expansion of the transmission backbone and we are well-positioned to perform these services. During the quarter, Quanta deployed significant resources to provide emergency response services to utilities in support of their efforts to restore power to millions of people that were impacted by severe weather events. These events included Hurricanes Isaias, Laura, Sally and Delta as well as a derecho storm in the Midwest. Quanta crews have worked more than 90 consecutive days restoring power and rebuilding damaged infrastructure in response to these events. With crew still out today in response to Hurricane Delta and now Hurricane Zeta, in the aggregate, we have deployed approximately 7,000 line workers and support staff from 20 different operating units in response to these severe weather events. Our ability to quickly mobilize this level of resources to support our customers in times of need is unmatched in our industry. These severe weather events and the devastating wildfires in the western region of the United States are examples of why many utilities are implementing system-hardening initiatives to make the power grid more resilient and safer. We believe there are many years of storm-hardening investments still to come and that we are in very early stages of fire hardening activity. These necessary investments in multi-year programs will cost tens of billions of dollars in the aggregate and Quanta is actively involved in supporting our customers with these initiatives. To that end, in the third quarter, we acquired a family-run utility contractor based in North Carolina that provides electric power distribution, transmission and substation maintenance and construction services primarily in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. This company increases our resources in the region and enhances our ability to serve our customers with our grid modernization, hardening and renewable programs. Since announcing in June that LUMA Energy was selected to operate, maintain and modernize the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority or PREPA's electric transmission and distribution system in Puerto Rico. LUMA has made good progress towards satisfying the necessary steps to facilitate the full transition of PREPA's T&D operations to LUMA in mid-2021. Additionally, we have begun site preparation for a new line worker training campus in Puerto Rico that will be operated by Northwest Line College. The LUMA College for Technical Training will use the facility to provide world-class training to its employees and to develop Puerto Rico's future craft-skilled workforce. The first on-island pre-apprentice class is scheduled to begin in the spring of 2021 and currently includes 32 Puerto Rican students. Quanta and ATCO also selected and sponsored several Puerto Rican students who are now in the pre-apprentice program at our Northwest Line College campus in Edgewater, Florida. Further, in September, the Trump administration announced that $12.8 billion had been allocated to the Puerto Rico -- to Puerto Rico primarily to rebuild the electric power grid through Federal Emergency Management Agency or FEMA. Post commencement, LUMA will work with PREPA, FEMA and other agencies to manage the deployment of these funds to modernize the Puerto Rico power grid over the coming years. Our communications infrastructure services operation, which are included in the Electric Power segment performed extremely well in the third quarter, with strong double-digit revenue growth and double-digit operating income margin. We continue to make progress and profitability scaling our operations. We believe our operations have the opportunity to achieve more than $500 million in revenue in 2020 reflecting double-digit revenue growth and upper single-digit operating margin. Total backlog at the end of the quarter for our communications operations was approximately $975 million a record. Additionally, in our press release this morning, we highlighted our recent acquisition of a Utah-based company that primarily serves the Mountain West region of the United States and specializes in the deployment of short and long-haul fiber optic cable and utilities, and the engineering and design of small and large-scale projects. This company enhances our capabilities in the region, and we expect to expand and grow their presence into new areas over time. The effects of COVID-19 continue to cause communication providers to increase investment in their fiber networks, to ensure adequate speed and capacity to meet work education and entertainment from home demands. We believe this incremental investment in their fiber network has shifted 5G deployment activity level somewhat. However, we expect 5G deployments to accelerate in 2021. COVID-19 has also highlighted the importance of broadband connectivity and digital divide that exists for millions of people living in rural America without access to adequate broadband connectivity. To bridge the gap, the Federal Communications Commission has established a rural digital opportunity fund to provide more than $20 billion in federal funds to bring high-speed fixed broadband service to underserved rural homes and small businesses. There are several hundred service providers that have qualified to pursue the funding, many of whom are rural electric cooperatives and municipal entities. Quanta has strong relationships with many of these rural electric providers and is well-positioned to provide turnkey solutions to help them deploy broadband services to their customers in rural markets. Turning to our Pipeline and Industrial segment. Our gas utility operations performed well during the quarter and are gradually returning to pre-COVID levels, executing on multi-decade modernization programs to replace aging gas distribution infrastructure in order to meet regulatory requirements that are aimed at improving reliability and safety. Demand for our pipeline integrity services is also solid as regulatory requirements for investment and the permitting challenges for new pipelines make existing pipeline infrastructure more valuable, increasing pipeline owners' desire to extend the useful life of existing pipeline assets through integrity initiatives. Perhaps the most challenging end market in this segment is the industrial services, which has been heavily impacted by reduced demand for refined products. Our industrial services operations are performing well in the current environment and are expected to be profitable for the year, but we currently do not anticipate a return to normalcy until the second half of 2021. However, we have a world-class management team leading our operations who have managed costs well and are using the current environment as an opportunity to strengthen our competitive positioning and emerge stronger as conditions improve. Although larger pipeline projects are a smaller portion of the segment, solid execution during the quarter led to early completion of some projects, which positively contributed to segment results. Going forward, we expect to continue our focus on growing the base gas utility pipeline integrity and industrial services business consistent with our strategy over the last five years. We believe there is opportunity for revenue and profitability improvement next year for the entire segment and continue to believe a post-COVID operating environment will allow us to achieve upper single-digit operating margins and improved returns. We have increased our financial expectations for the year due to our strong third quarter results, healthy end market drivers and the addition of recently announced acquisitions. Perhaps more importantly, we continue to believe we're in a multiyear upcycle with opportunity for continued profitable growth. While we provide our formal commentary and 2021 expectations on the fourth quarter earnings call next February, we currently expect growth in consolidated revenues, net income, adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share in 2021. And as we have commented on prior earnings calls, we would expect our adjusted EPS expectations to include $4 in its range. Over the past five years we have executed on our strategy and remain dedicated to growing and enhancing our portfolio of services, which strengthens our ability to capture more of the customers' large programmatic spending programs and to operate in a responsible and sustainable way. These efforts are designed to mitigate risk inherent in our business and prepare for unexpected events through diversification and by maintaining a strong financial profile. We believe Quanta has a long runway ahead of us for generating repeatable and sustainable earnings as we execute on our strategic initiatives. Considering our organic growth opportunities and the levers available to us to allocate future cash flow generation into value-creating opportunities such as stock repurchases, acquisitions and strategic investments and dividends, we believe Quanta can continue to generate meaningful stockholder value. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class build leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of the third quarter results and 2020 expectations. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced third quarter 2020 revenues to $3 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $163 million or $1.13 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share a non-GAAP measure was $1.40. The third quarter was strong for Quanta with numerous consolidated and segment records and performance during the quarter aggregating to record EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Our Electric Power revenues excluding Latin America were $2.1 billion, a 14% increase when compared to the third quarter of 2019. This increase was primarily driven by increased contributions from larger projects, as well as continued growth from our communications operations, which are included within the Electric Power segment and delivered a 40% increase compared to the third quarter of 2019. Also contributing to the increase were approximately $65 million in revenues from acquired businesses. Additionally, we had a record amount of emergency restoration services in the quarter, primarily associated with efforts to restore infrastructure along the Gulf Coast. Our results included approximately $200 million of revenues from those efforts. However, those revenues came at the expense of other work in progress. Our distribution work decreased over 20% compared to 3Q 2019 and largely offset the increase in storm revenues driven in part by utilization of crews from existing work being reallocated to emergency restoration efforts but also due to lower levels of fire hardening work compared to 2019. Electric segment margins in 3Q 2020 were 12.7% and excluding our Latin American operations segment margins were a record 13.5% versus 9.6% in 3Q 2019. The robust operating margins were driven by increased profit contributions from emergency restoration efforts, which typically present opportunities for higher margins than our normal base business activities due to higher utilization. However, excluding revenues and profit from storm response efforts, our margins still were comfortably in double-digit reflecting continued strong execution across our operations. Of note, our communications margins continue to improve both against last year and sequentially and exceeded 10% during the quarter. Regarding our Latin American operations included within the Electric Power segment, we continue to expedite the wind-down activities required to exit those markets. The continued COVID-19 dynamics coupled with customer challenges and local labor issues have significantly impacted our efforts and have resulted in losses in excess of our expectations. While work remains to fully shut down our operations, it's important to note that more than 80% of the active jobs at the beginning of 2020 have been completed with fewer than 50 open jobs remaining at the end of the quarter. We remain confident that will be largely complete with our exit by year-end. Of note, we currently received no tax benefit for losses in Latin America so the $15 million in losses impacted the quarter by approximately $0.11, $0.05 more than we anticipated. The Pipeline and Industrial segment continues to be negatively impacted by COVID-19 and the associated reduction in demand for refined products. Revenues for the segment were $913 million, 38% lower than 3Q 2019 due to reduced revenues from our industrial operations and a reduction in contributions from larger pipeline projects. Partially offsetting these declines were increased levels of gas distribution revenues including approximately $70 million from acquired companies. Despite the COVID-related headwinds, the segment delivered margins of 8.4%. These margins were 60 basis points lower than 3Q 2019, primarily due to the reduced revenues from larger pipeline projects and our industrial operations, but a solid performance given the continued challenges across the segment. Operating margins benefited from net favorable adjustments on certain larger pipeline projects associated with the recognition of previously deferred milestone payments and reduced contingencies due to a reduction in the scope of work to be completed on a project as well as certain projects completing earlier than anticipated with work accelerating into the third quarter. In addition, we had continued strong execution across much of our base business activity including gas distribution and integrity work. Our total backlog was $15.1 billion at the end of the third quarter, approximately $1.8 billion or 13% higher than 3Q 2019 and a $1.1 billion increase from the second quarter of 2020. 12-month backlog of $8.1 billion is an increase from both the third quarter of 2019 and the second quarter of 2020. The increase in total backlog is largely due to several new multiyear MSA arrangements from both electric and gas utility customers, again validating the continued favorable dynamics across our core utility market and our base business activities as well as approximately $290 million in total backlog associated with acquired companies. For the third quarter of 2020 we generated free cash flow a non-GAAP measure of $70 million, $40 million higher than 3Q 2019. Free cash flow was higher than we anticipated driven by stronger profits in the quarter and a cash cycle consistent with our second quarter results. As we mentioned in last quarter's call, we are prudently forecasting our DSO to increase due to uncertainty around COVID-19's potential impact on our customers. Ultimately, we did not experience any meaningful delays which positively contributed to the increased cash flow relative to our expectations. Days sales outstanding or DSO measured 82 days for the third quarter comparable to the second quarter, but a decrease of nine days compared to the third quarter of 2019 as 3Q 2019 was negatively impacted by higher retainage balances due to project timing and billing process changes for certain customers. Cash flows in the third quarter also benefited from the deferral of $41 million of payroll tax payments permitted by the CARES Act with the payments due in equal amount at the end of 2021 and 2022. We had approximately $220 million of cash at the end of the quarter. As of September 30, 2020 we had total liquidity of approximately $2.2 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio as calculated under our credit agreement of approximately 1.3 times. As Duke mentioned, on September 22 we closed the sale of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of our 2.9% senior notes due 2030. We received net proceeds from the offering of $986.7 million, which together with cash on hand were used to repay the term loans outstanding under our credit agreement in the aggregate principal amount of $1.21 billion. Both Moody's and S&P independently assess our business and highlighting our highly trained workforce, favorable end market dynamics, consistent free cash flow and solid liquidity profile concluded that we are in investment-grade credit. I believe these ratings validate how we've strategically positioned the business around repeatable, sustainable revenue streams, anchored by construction-led solutions and our world-class craft-skilled workforce. We continue to emphasize the recurring nature of the services we provide to critical infrastructure owners and this rating reinforces that message. Also on September 22, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement that among other things, increased the aggregate revolving commitments from $2.14 billion to $2.51 billion and extended the maturity date from October 2022 to September 2025. It's important to note that successfully executing this expansion and extension of our credit facility during these uncertain times is another testament to the sustainability and positive long-term outlook of our business. Both the successful bond offering and amended credit facility were strategically important for our organization. The $1 billion bond offering established a fixed level of debt that nicely complements our current EBITDA profile, which we believe is a repeatable sustainable baseline of earnings. Simultaneously, we secured an expanded credit facility further enhancing our ability to meet incremental capital needs. While our previous capital structure provided adequate liquidity, the refinancing allowed us to diversify our capital sources, lock in a historically low cost of capital while staggering our maturities, giving us more flexibility and capital to support our growth expectations. Turning to our guidance. We continue to deal with some level of uncertainty as we assess the near-term prospects of our operations, particularly those that are susceptible to local stay-at-home orders, operate in close facilities or depend upon project teams having access to local permitting offices. As COVID-19 case counts continue to rise in many parts of the U.S., we've remained prudent with our expectations for the fourth quarter. We now expect full year revenues for the electric power segment to be between $7.7 billion and $7.8 billion. We are increasing full year operating margin expectations to around 10.2%, with Latin America contributing operating losses of $55 million to $60 million. Excluding Latin American losses, margins are now expected to be around 11%, which reflects continued successful project execution plus the incremental impact of the LUMA joint venture and other earnings from integral and consolidated affiliates. As a reminder, the LUMA joint venture is accounted for as an equity method investment and therefore will not contribute to revenues. However, we are including our equity and earnings of LUMA within operating income, since LUMA is operationally integral to our operations under accounting guidance. These results are presented after tax and are anticipated to positively contribute to operating income in 2020 by approximately $11 million or $0.07 to $0.08 per share. The P&I segment continues to be impacted by COVID-19 and the challenged energy market conditions and accordingly we are reducing our full year revenue expectations to range between $3.4 billion and $3.5 billion. The reduction is primarily attributable to reduced spend expectations for certain smaller capital projects as well as the delay of certain work into 2021. Full year operating margin for the P&I segment remains around 5%. With regard to the cancellation of the ACP pipeline project discussed last quarter, we continue to work with the customers to determine how the project will close out and expect termination by the end of the year. We believe potential upside associated with termination fees and other contract accounting exists. However the final contract closeout will not be determined until any closeout scopes of work and related termination items are determined by ACP and then agreed and allocated by the joint venture to Quanta. As noted in our earnings release this morning, we have increased our full year earnings per share expectations and now expect GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $2.61 and $2.72 and adjusted diluted earnings per share a non-GAAP measure of between $3.52 and $3.64. These earnings per share expectations include a loss per share of between $0.38 and $0.41 from our Latin American operations. Turning to cash flow. We are maintaining our free cash flow guidance for the year, expecting it to range between $600 million and $800 million. Third quarter cash flows were stronger than expected but we now expect a more modest fourth quarter than we originally forecasted. For the year, we expect working capital of approximately 13% of annual revenues consistent with our historical experience. That expectation assumes an increased DSO for the fourth quarter in part due to elevated amounts of emergency restoration receivables generated in the third quarter which oftentimes can have longer collection cycles. Additionally, while we have yet to experience meaningful payment delays related to COVID-19 through the first three quarters of the year, we remain cautious and accordingly are factoring in some pressure negatively impacting DSO in the fourth quarter. Overall, we are pleased with how we've continued to execute through these times of uncertainty and remain confident in the long-term prospects of our business. Our full year expectations include adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1 billion at the midpoint, which we believe is a baseline that is set to expand in 2021 and beyond, driven by the recurring sustainable demand for our base business services complemented by our large-project expertise. We fortified our balance sheet with the bond offering and amended credit facility, increasing our liquidity and enhancing our ability to pursue opportunistic deployments of capital for M&A and investments as well as returns of capital providing us with the foundation to continue delivering shareholder value. This concludes our formal presentation and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. Duke, you mentioned that you're actively pursuing additional opportunities in renewables, especially, as offshore battery solar ramp up. As you look at your core transmission distribution business are you already seeing an acceleration in your business as the focus on renewables increases? And then maybe put in perspective the backlog growth you're seeing in Electric Power as your MSAs continue to grow. I think your 12-month backlog is up more than 10%. So can you talk about your confidence that Electric Power growth could actually follow your 12-month backlog as you go into 2021?
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks Andy for the comments. When we look at renewables in the spaces that we play mainly around the interconnections, I think, when we think about it the sentiment around a carbon-free environment -- getting to a carbon-free environment, while we may think it takes longer than what's being said there's no question around the need for transmission, the interconnections, the redundancy in the grid to support the intermittency of any renewables with -- either with batteries or however you do it. But all those things for us -- we're working with our customers on those on a daily basis whether it be offshore wind and over on the eastern seaboard or just in general across the board. It's still ongoing. The pace is about the same in my mind, maybe a little bit expedited in certain areas. But in general, that pace continues. And any compression of time on that the need for transmission, interconnections, redundancy is only greater. So if you moved it from 2050 to 2030, you said you wanted to go more carbon-free, it would take longer. That being said, the way that the transmission system works today there's a lot of work to be done to make that more redundant as well as more modern as we move into more of a renewable footprint.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks for that Duke. And then maybe you can put the quarter the $1.40 you just did in perspective for us because it's, obviously, way larger than I think you've recorded in the quarter, and still as you said has Latin American drag doesn't really include much LUMA work. So again, as we go into 2021 maybe you can talk about -- I know you mentioned storms. So how much was storm work in Q3? And outside of storm what does the result tell you about the thought process in 2020 because you already mentioned the confidence in $4, but given some of these headwinds seem to be abating as you go into next year shouldn't you have confidence that maybe you can do decently over $4?
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks for the comments. I think in general, we've talked about the programmatic spends of our customers the capital spends that we see. The increasing backlog -- I failed to get to that answer a minute ago, but in general we see -- continue to see record backlog. The opportunity for additional programmatic spends are there. So that piece of business continues to grow underneath and we talk about 85% to 90% of the business being that base business that backs that up. It gives us a great deal of confidence of the resiliency of the model when we set out four or five years ago. Now we've set out to build this model to be resilient and to be able to give you guidance and be able to not be so choppy. So when we talk about $4, it's based on that kind of capital spend within our utility customer -- our customer base and that's why you're seeing our backlog increased. There's opportunities for these larger project dynamics. They're there. We booked some in the quarter. You saw that with the clean line in there in Maine. So in general, you're seeing us book-stacking. We talked about the stacking effect on the base, but the base continues to grow. We talked mid single to – mid single-digits. We've been growing past that. But that's there. The storms it was $200 million somewhere in there. It's less than 10% of the overall segment right in there on the top side. It's typically not meaningful, but it was meaningful in the quarter. That being said, there was still broad-based execution above what we would consider normal margins for us due to utilization. We're doing a nice job with cost in the field and execution in the field. So real proud of the organization on how we've adapted to the pandemic.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks, Duke. Appreciate it.
Duke Austin: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Andrew Wittmann of Baird. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Wittmann: Great. Thanks and good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I don't usually ask about telecom, but I feel like we're getting to the point where just talking a little bit more about your $1 billion in backlog, kind of, just struck me versus the $500 million of revenue that you guys are anticipating during this year and so given that the relationship between backlog and the revenues is pretty high here. I'm just wondering how do the visibility is shaping up for this business into 2021. I mean do you feel like the very strong growth rates that you saw here in 2020 off of a smaller base can these rates of growth continue? Or do they have to start to level? Just wondering how the amount of backlog that you have today informs that view.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean, I think you see the backlog increasing. And as we move into next year and later into this year, we had a record quarter for us this quarter. And I think we saw the margins at parity fairly close to the electric margins. And so, we're seeing double-digit margin profiles. We're doing the things that we said we would do from a scale standpoint in the field and our ability to execute. We needed to build the front side. We made an acquisition in the last quarter there on the front side of the business to help us gain traction there on the EPC side and also collaborate with the customer. That will benefit us as we move forward. We've talked about it being a $1 billion business. There's every opportunity for that to happen. The pace of growth will remain around the margin profile going forward. We want to continue the double-digit margin profile. And that's the -- that will pace our growth. But I'm optimistic that we'll continue to see these type of growth rates on a go-forward basis.
Andrew Wittmann: Okay. Great. And then I guess I wanted to just dig in a little bit more on the P&I segment as well. And I just wanted to make sure that I understand. We all understood that the nature of the disruptions that you're experiencing I think that was the term that you used. Early on it was disruption from site issues where with shelter-in-place orders you couldn't get to the site. It doesn't sound like that's the issue. It sounds like more of the disruption that you're experiencing is just weak oil prices demand for refined products on the industrial segment. I just want to make sure we understood that correctly. Maybe you could expand on that. But I guess there's also an implication here on the larger diameter pipeline work that you have done again a small piece of the business. It sounds like you executed some of that really well. Got it done in the quarter. So is large diameter basically kind of cleaned up for now inside of the portfolio I guess is the question? Is there not more -- is there not a lot of backlog really to work off anymore now that you're done early? Or do you think that there still can be some contribution from that in 2021 recognizing that yesterday there was an announcement from TC Energy setting you as a contractor on KXL?
Duke Austin: Yes. So the P&I segment. When we look at the industrial side of the business, I think that's the biggest unknown for us is just when does the economy come back? We've talked about it and communicated it. We felt like it would be later in the third quarter or later half of next year when we talk about P&I. We're doing okay. We're not where we want to be there in order to get the margins where we want them to be. So I think in general that would be the P&I segment. If economy comes back it's kind of like an '08 '09 effect for that type of business a little bit greater. But in general, we have some critical path solutions there that are necessary. It allows us to do things that others can't. And I think in general the business is good. But for us to get to those -- the margins that we've stated that we want to be our goal we need that business to pick up in the later half of next year. We've contemplated all that in the $4 number that we've talked about. On the larger diameter pipe, we talked about a $500 million number in guidance next year. That's kind of how you should think about the business, when we think about it same thing whether you hear announcements or not as we stand that's what we see. It certainly has the ability to expand and we have the opportunity to expand it within Canada and other places. We'll look at it from a risk standpoint. And if we book-work we'll let you know. But in general in our mind the $4 number and everything we're talking about contemplates that business being around $500 million not to say, there's not smaller projects not to say there's not opportunity because there is. And we did execute well through the quarter. We went through and had some milestones and contingency releases on different things. It's due to execution.
Andrew Wittmann: All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Sean Eastman: Hi, good job this quarter. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go back on the Electric Power margins. I mean that was the real eyepopper for me around the results. You spoke to some juice from the storm response you spoke to good execution good utilization. I'm just wondering, if there's anything structural in there. Maybe just around the growth here and Quanta size whether there's any pricing benefit. And then I'm also just curious about the mix. If we look at New England Clean Energy Connect coming into the mix next year still executing a lot here. Is that sort of mix dynamic going to be accretive going into next year? Just rounding that out would be great.
Duke Austin: That's correct. We're doing a nice job executing on the Electric Power segment both from -- our telecom is starting to be additive to the segment as well. And we have broad base. Just -- it's a strategy we had five years ago. We said we'd build a base business. We've scaled the operations in the field and really worked with the customer to collaborate in order to build on these programmatic spends that we've been talking about for a long period of time in order to modernize the system harden the systems for the events that you're seeing now. You see it in California at the West on the wildfires you see it with the hurricanes derechos whatever it may be. These events happen. I think in general we've got our heads around hardening the systems and modernizing them. So you're seeing all that, you're seeing our capital, but we're supporting our customer at a very high level, taking more of the programmatic spends and it's showing up in the electric segment as we move forward. I think we have every opportunity to continue this.  We talked about a kind of a double-digit margin there over time. We were working through it last year with California. You had some movement there with crews moving back and forth and it dragged margins down. Once we said, it would get stabilized and once it's stabilized you would see improvements. And I think we get set, we get things scaled and we can do our margins to improve.  So we get better utilizations, better execution and that's what you're seeing today. Can we stack more larger projects on there? Sure. As they come we'll look at them. We won't win them all. We're not there to win them all. We're there to provide a service to the customer based on risk and we'll look at the risk and bid the work. But I like our chances.
Sean Eastman : Okay. That's helpful. And on the utility LDC business it's just interested to see the utilities talking about replacement of LDC infrastructure playing into those carbon emission-reduction goals. So just given that very broad-based trend from your customer base, I'm wondering if you're seeing acceleration in growth in terms of the pipeline of opportunity on that side of the business.
Duke Austin: I think it's a broad-based growth. Most of the LDC -- most of our LDC customers have a replacement program due to prone leaks things like that and may be out there or regulatory requirements. So they're 30-year type builds and it's across the eastern seaboard of the West Midwest. Wherever you look there's replacement programs and we're involved in that. It's a really nice business. It has a really nice backdrop. And you can see it it's resilient. And so I think that part of the business continues to grow.  We're performing nicely as we scale it. We like it a lot. We had -- in the second quarter you had this light switch effect in certain cities. But we've worked through those things as we stand today and I think they'll continue to build underneath the -- on that segment you'll continue to see that growth.
Sean Eastman : Got it. Helpful. Nice job again. Thanks for the time.
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steven Fisher of UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. So Duke, how well would you say the labor market is keeping up with all this utility work? And how much tighter do you think it's going to get over the next couple of years as you and your customers contemplate completing all that renewables work and all the programmatic spending that you're talking about?
Duke Austin: Yes, Steven. Thank you. I think in general when we looked at it and when we have looked at it, we worked quite a bit with our clients on how do we meet the demands of not only what you see from a capital spend, but attrition within the utility workforce. And the company spent $100 million on training colleges three, four, five years ago to get ready for these type builds and to set the company on a path for a multiyear 10, 20, 30 years beyond. And so in general we're in a really good spot here. We're meeting the demand of our client. From a constructability standpoint, it's one thing to say look, I'm an engineer and I can build this, but I don't have construction. And it's another thing to say I can take it from the start and then finish it with some certainty -- with certainty for that matter. And that's a big deal as we move forward and we have the ability to do that. I think you'll continue to see us take more of the programmatic spend and market share as we move forward.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then Derrick, the Q4 guidance was a little lighter than what the consensus had. And it seemed like it was more margin-related than revenues. I know you called out a few things when you gave your prepared remarks. Maybe you could just sort of revisit and summarize there.  I mean, do you have any particular margin headwinds that you're calling out for the quarter other than maybe it seems like there's another $0.05 additional for Latin America exit that you hadn't contemplated before? But what are some of the other kind of things that you're baking in as cautionary items or things in the fourth quarter?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, Steve. So exactly Latin America is probably the primary component of that equation upping those costs a little bit in the fourth quarter. It's putting that pressure. And then secondly, a little bit of downtick on the margins on pipeline and revenues on pipeline. As my prepared remarks commented, we had some acceleration of the work from the fourth quarter. Expectations originally pulled into the third quarter both on the revenue side and the completion of those projects. So therefore the margin relative to the year it's basically a flat level of contribution has just accelerated in the third.  Then the last piece of it that's still on pipeline is the revenues are down just a little bit. We had some stuff pushed from kind of the fourth quarter into 2021, but nothing overall from a trend perspective changing, nothing from a margin perspective changing our expectations.
Steven Fisher: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook : Hi. Good morning. Nice quarter. I guess first question, Derrick, is there any way you can help us understand the downstream business Stronghold how that's in more detail performing this year relative to sort of a normalized basis is I guess is my first question. And then I guess my -- and then the -- I guess the follow-up question on that is I mean I think you said by the end of the year with LatAm you expect to be 80% of the projects to be done or something to that effect. What's the risk that that goes into 2021 at all? Because I guess as I look at it today my third question would be understanding you guys are putting out a $4-ish number, but if I do all these add-backs I don't know Derrick I'm getting more to mid-$4s relative to earlier in the year when I was saying sort of low $4s. So, I'm just trying to do the math there but correct me if I'm wrong. Thanks.
Duke Austin: Hey Jamie, good morning.
Jamie Cook: Good morning.
Duke Austin: The P&I segment I think when we look at the industrial we had a record first quarter really nice quarter. It tailed off after that due to COVID. We are in critical path and it's -- in my mind, it's mainly the strong whole piece of it. If you don't have the ancillary things around there, it's more of a breakeven type. Maybe make a little money as we move forward right now. And that's the issue that we have kind of guiding that when it becomes more profitable. There are other pieces of that our high-voltage business things like that. So, our total industrial business is a nice business. I'm not going to get into the margin profile of the whole thing but it's nice and that will be additive. So, net between the two it's good. I do -- I hear what you're saying. We need it to increase back to normalized levels. There's opportunities for that to happen. We're unwilling to get in front of that at this point and get formal guidance. But, in general, if you saw the economy pick back up, air travel pick back up, all those kind of things certainly that would increase. I'm on that. I want to talk a little bit about LatAm and I'll let Derrick. LatAm for us it was really about the COVID impact there. It's much greater than it is in the U.S. It really shuts our crews down. The testing that goes on there is much greater than we anticipated so it has affected the work and our ability to close it out faster. We've taken all that into account as we look at this year for the closeouts and anything going forward. Not to say something won't trickle in, but I think we have our hands around the COVID impact that's going on now and our ability to execute through that that we -- I'm not sure that we quite understood the difference between what's going on in LatAm versus what's going on in the States. So, we have that in our head now. And I think we have the right number on guidance. And I'll let Derrick comment on the rest.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. So, I'll just jump in there on that last part in Latin America and to maybe expand on it. Just to touch that the effects on there were exacerbated. I mean it's more so that when we're having those shutdown dynamics there since we are dealing with a low revenue base at this stage the cost dynamic gets quite accelerated as we try to ramp up those projects and bringing them down. Relative to the 80% reduction what I would tell you is between now and the end of the year we think that we can probably get to a spot where at end of the year we have only a low kind of single-digit type number of projects open four, five, six projects. That's what we think we can get to. So, it still has a dramatic reduction. And there will be a few that have some layover into 2021, but we believe that that's what we're still looking at in the fourth quarter is our ability to bring that down and having so few contracts roll into a 2021 dynamic at this stage. Touching back just to touch on the industrial side. I mean I will say historically that business has been able to operate in a kind of a double-digit margin EBITDA profile double-digit EBITDA and at this stage, that's clearly not where we're at. We're probably much closer to a breakeven-type dynamic. And so as we go forward past 2021 into a 2022-type dynamic where we think that we can see that then we would have every anticipation of being back into a more double-digit EBITDA profile. Last, I think probably just coloring as Duke said multiple times on that $4, we were very comfortable with it being within the range, but there's just a lot of things we still have to digest between now and then as much focused on what's happening that's unique to that industrial market in 2021.
Jamie Cook: Thank you. I thought I'd try.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Dudas: Good morning Duke, Derrick, Kip.
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Duke you talked about a couple of your acquisitions you highlighted in the quarter. You have this recapitalized very strong balance sheet and cash flow. Do you anticipate given the strong outlook for programmatic and other type spending amongst specialty E&P and the telecom customers that that pace subject to negotiation may accelerate over the next six to 12 months given the long-term opportunities that you're seeing in front of you?
Duke Austin: Mike, thank you. In general I don't think our strategy has changed at all. I think in general everything is -- we look at our stock first. And well actually we look at our working capital needs then we'll look at everything else that's against our stock and evaluation there. So -- and we don't -- we never have and nor will be out marketing for acquisitions. They come as the nice family business in the Carolina. It's long-standing. When we knew very well right in our space it allowed us to do some really nice things. The other ones are strategies around regionals or building the front side of the business that allows us to capture more construction, or develop more services within the client base that are necessary for us to stay ahead, and to help them with their capital spend to make sure there's certainty in that as well. So we're really working on strategies. If we see something, or we see holes within those strategies, certainly we'll look at those. But in general, I don't think you should expect the company to deviate from what you've seen in the past, with stock buybacks, with the things that we've done with acquisitions. It will level out as we move forward all against like I said the valuation of the stock.
Michael Dudas : So everything is opportunistic it still appears?
Duke Austin: We've said we want to stay equity-neutral. And so you would anticipate us doing that year-over-year from a stock buyback standpoint. Derrick can comment more on that. But in general you should expect us to do that, and opportunistic, I would say, yes, that's a good word.
Michael Dudas: Duke, my second question would be maybe you could share a little bit of some thoughts. There's been some noise coming out of Puerto Rico with the upcoming -- the U.S. election the gubernatorial elections there. Maybe remind us the structure of the contract and any issues that could arise given the results of the election or most of the stuff we're hearing appears to be noise, but I just want to get you to maybe address that a little bit.
Duke Austin: Yeah. The contract in Puerto Rico is from -- there's one piece of it that we're in a transformation period where we're evaluating the current -- PREPA current and then they'll transform into LUMA mid next year. We're still on pace to do that. We're performing nicely against the contract. I like where we sit. Yes, it's more an election just like here in the States it's noisy. The underlying principles around the contract and the contract we have are very good. We can make a difference on the island. We are. We're building the line school there. We're doing some really nice things that I think will transform the infrastructure on the island, which will allow the economy to do much better. There's a lot of pharmaceuticals. There's a lot of other things on the island that I think it's something that we believe to make a big difference over the time frame of the contract which is 15 years. That being said, there are out clauses that's extremely expensive for them to get out, I would say. It's public. You can look at it. But in general, we don't anticipate that. We anticipate the election is going along, and we'll work with the incumbent governor to do good things there, which we anticipate happening here in the mid next year.
Michael Dudas: Thanks, Duke.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chad Dillard of AllianceBernstein. Please go ahead.
Chad Dillard : Hi. Good morning guys.
Duke Austin: Good morning, Chad.
Chad Dillard: So can you comment on the level of renewable energy-driven transmission activity you're currently seeing maybe compared to like a year -- sounds like how much of your project pipeline does it represent? And is there any difference between a traditional versus a renewable job? Just trying to understand like whether you approach it differently from like execution pricing risk perspective.
Duke Austin: I mean, primarily we're working for the utility on interconnections whether it be renewables load growth, load from one area to another. We don't define it as primarily renewables. But what I would tell you in general these grids, we're enabling renewables is what we're doing. I mean, in general when you modernize them when we're doing the things we're doing it's all around enabling that. So I don't know I can't put a percentage on how much of that is happening. Most of the larger projects you're seeing in the states are moving renewables. So you're seeing a lot of that. But a lot of -- you're also seeing a lot of grid mod and a lot of hardening. So it's just hard to put a number on it. But in general, I would tell you any of the larger transmissions call it over $100 million is typically moving renewables from -- into load areas from other areas. And if that -- the way the structure of the grid is set up if you saw that compressed such as you see in the Biden Administration on the 2030-type plan, you would see a multitude of large projects come out. It would be necessary to move that load.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then just to what extent have you started to see some of the distribution spending that got delayed in the first wave of the pandemic coming back? Maybe you can kind of compare where you are today versus March like a year ago. And to what extent are you thinking about a potential catch-up spend as we go into 2021? And then just secondly just going back to the Stronghold. Let's just assume activity doesn't come back like you expect in the second half of next year. What levers do you have to pull to bring cost out so you go from breakeven to the higher margins?
Duke Austin: I think in general when we look at the distribution business both gas and electric you had the light switch effect in the second quarter, which is not there now. But on the electric side, we performed through that. If you look at the business 85%, 90% we'll grow at kind of mid single to double-digits. We'll continue to do that under these scenarios what we see today both distribution and transmission. There's a big spend out there. It's no surprise to anyone. We've talked about it. The backdrop of our customers continues to grow. We're seeing their capital budgets grow. We're right there with them, modernizing these systems, electric vehicles enabling that. It's just starting. So that's a lot at the distribution level. When you start to enable the EV or even your telecom, your 5G deployments that's all around that distribution level spend. And when that starts to move, it really presses on those things. You'll also start to see undergrounding at the distribution level and years to come. So I do think in the outer years, you're going to start to see a big initiative around undergrounding because it's still going to be necessary when you start looking at the events that we're having with ice or fire or hurricanes that also is something that needs to be done over time. So I think you'll see some of that as well.
Charles Dillard: Got it. And on Stronghold just what leverage do you have to pull to bring cost out?
Duke Austin: I think we pulled the levers there to rightsize the business for what we see today. We have a great management team there. I think we'll come out stronger. As we look going in and we think of it a little bit worse than 2008 and 2009 and their best years were 2011 – 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 had really nice years on through but in general if we go back to those time frames and look how history repeats itself. Refined products and things of that nature are still here whether you're in a renewable space or not, most of the things, batteries everything that we have today phones they're refined products and that's going to continue over time. The Gulf Coast has a really nice -- it's a really low base from a cost standpoint worldwide. We need the economy to pick back up, but you can only delay that stuff so much in general. And I do think it will pick up over time and catch back up and you'll see some robust years in the outer years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Noelle Dilts of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Noelle Dilts: Hi, guys. Thanks for fitting me in, and congratulations on a good quarter. So for my first question I wanted -- I was wondering if you could expand a little bit just on fire hardening. Given the continued fires in California and Colorado, how is that impacting both your near-term expectations relative to what you're expecting early in the year? And then how are you thinking about the longer term opportunity and what this could lead to?
Duke Austin: I think it's much like we see on the Gulf Coast now with hurricanes. In general, it's necessary to harden those systems. We went through a bankruptcy there with one of the large utilities in California. As that comes out this year and into next, you'll start to see more programmatic spends in a paced way that utilities normally operate. And we're seeing that now. But the issue is you have fires out there now, which delays anything you could do because of what you're in fire season. And so you're at the mercy of that. But in general so you're doing some emergency work and things like that but over time we'll continue to see the utilities in the west harden the system for fires over time. And it's a long multiyear process that all of them are going through and we're all working through that together in a collaborative manner. It's a big state for us. The west is big for us and we'll continue to build resources out there for what's necessary to harden those systems for fire.
Noelle Dilts: Okay, great. Thank you. And then second I just had a couple of project specific questions. So first given TC Energy's announcement on the Keystone XL contractors, I'm just kind of curious how you're thinking about that project from -- in terms of just both going into backlog and just the probability of the project moving forward given that they're still in limbo with the NWP 12 issue and the upcoming elections? And then secondly on the New England Clean Power project. I know that's a very big project. Just curious again that's been a tough geography for permits. So maybe you could give us a sense of how comfortable you are that that job kind of moves forward on time.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah. We're comfortable with the Queensland project up there in May. I think it moves on time. We've been with that project for a while. We think the permits are in pretty good shape and it will get moving here in next year sometime. But -- so that one’s that. And if not then there's a multitude more projects and I'm not concerned with that. The $4 that we contemplate, we think about all these kind of things. And in general when we look at big pipe, we have a customer base out there that we support. We'll continue to do so. We like the projects as they come. We talked about the business being around $500 million. We've transitioned the P&I segment away from big pipe as you know. I've stated it many times and I think we'll -- it can grow off the $500 million. It can be greater. But in general when we're talking about guidance and how to look at next year, you should think about the $500 million. If we start stocking projects, if things go our way, if things go good, we'll talk to you about it. And certainly that would be upside. But in general, we should look at $500 million in that piece of business. Yes we can expand it, but we're not going to take the risk. We're going to make sure it's risk -- the risk is conducive with the margins. And that's one of the things the company has been disciplined on and we'll stay that way.
Noelle Dilts: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Alex Rygiel of B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you. Nice quarter, gentlemen.
Duke Austin: Hey, Alex.
Alex Rygiel: Other than Puerto Rico and Canada, and your businesses in Latin America, do you have any interest in any other international markets at this time? Mexico comes to mind, because it's been talked about for years.
Duke Austin: Alex, so we have the Australian business. I think in general you've seen us exit Lat Am and it would have to be following a customer in there, a U.S. customer. But I don't see that as being somewhat a priority for us. We can grow North America nicely. And I think for us right now with the builds that we see, with the ability to grow on our base business and things of that nature we'll stay within the states and within the areas that we're in call it North America, Puerto Rico as an island and Australia.
Alex Rygiel: And then a number of years ago maybe it was six or eight years ago there was definitely a step-up in increased regulation that complicated some of your projects slowed your projects impacts profitability of your projects. How has that changed under the Trump administration? And if Biden should win, do you have any concerns that the regulatory environment becomes increasingly more challenging?
Duke Austin: What I would say is that, I think under the administration, they want to create jobs and we've seen that. But in general, I don't think from our standpoint, when we look at it, when we look at what the Biden administration energy plan from a clean energy plan, all that bodes well for us. We didn't really have issues on the base load work that we're doing today. I think the sentiment around carbon-free and how we enabled that whether it be from a distribution level or a transmission level the jobs that we're trying to put forth in the capital spends that we see we don't believe that under either administration the regulatory impact would be something that would give us problems actually probably benefits us in my mind. On the pipe – the big pipe side, we transitioned the company away from it years ago five years ago. So when we talk about the $500 million, and those projects are where you see the most – where the issues are really to be honest. And so that's where they were and that's where it's tough even – under any administration. So that's the issue there Alex. But the company is enabling a lot of things. Technology is well on 5G deployment and things of that nature. So I think everyone sees – you can see our conference call today. The need for bandwidth, the need for technology, the need for the things that we do from an infrastructure standpoint will continue for some time. We're optimistic and feel real good about where we sit.
Alex Rygiel: Helpful. Thank you.
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, this brings us to the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Duke Austin: Yeah. First, I would like to say thanks to people in the field that are working today restoring power. It's been a long run there, and a lot of people without electricity. So we're working diligently and safely as an industry to pick those things up. And it's no easy task under a pandemic. So real proud of the industry, as well as our people. And thank you all for participating in the third quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Quanta Services Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I’ll turn the conference over to Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Rupp, you may now begin.
Kip Rupp: Great. Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the quanta services second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2020 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we will use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call’s webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 6, 2020. And therefore, you’re advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability, established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta’s expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta’s control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today’s press release, along with the company’s periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta’s or the SEC’s website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today’s call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta’s President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary, and we’ll then turn it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta’s Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a review of our second quarter results and full year 2020 financial expectations. Following Derrick’s comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported solid second quarter results. Our electric power margins were exceptional due to broad-based execution. Pipeline and Industrial segment margins, adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share were all better than we expected. We continue to see opportunity for record backlog and earnings as evidenced by the signing of LUMA Energy contract. Cash flow was robust, and we ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity, all of which we believe demonstrates the resiliency of our business and the operational excellence of our people during extraordinary economic and operating conditions. We believe our resilient business model and strong financial position provides us the opportunity to, not only navigate through tough times of uncertainty, but to emerge better positioned. Our pandemic health and safety procedures in the field have matured, and we have reliable access to personal protective equipment for our crews. We continue to actively communicate with our customers and believe we have adapted effectively to the unprecedented health and economic environment caused by COVID-19. We recognize the strain that the pandemic is placing on our country, and, I, again, want to recognize and thank our incredible employees for all their hard work and let our customers know that we value our collaborative relationships with them. Our electric power operations performed well in the second quarter, with solid profitability, driven by our focus on cost management and operational excellence. Demand for our electric power services remains strong with Utilities actively deploying capital into their systems to modernize, harden, expand and adapt to current and future needs. We are actively performing infrastructure work related to renewables and are seeing incremental opportunity driven by renewable power generation associated with onshore and offshore wind and solar development, including substations, transmission interconnects and battery projects. These renewable energy developments are enabled by backbone transmission, which are also providing larger transmission project opportunities, which we are well positioned for. In June, we announced that the LUMA Energy, a joint venture between Quanta and Canadian Utilities Limited and ATCO company, was selected by the Puerto Rico Public-Private Partnership Authority for a 15-year operation and maintenance agreement with the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, or PREPA, to operate, maintain and modernize PREPA’s more than 18,000-mile electric transmission and distribution system in Puerto Rico. LUMA’s efforts under the agreement are intended to deliver long-term social and economic benefits to the people of Puerto Rico. We believe this opportunity is transformative for Quanta and supports our ongoing strategy of providing sophisticated and valuable solutions to the utility industry that benefit consumers. Following a transition period, which is expected to last approximately one year, this arrangement is anticipated to provide a visible, repeatable and sustainable long-term earnings and cash flow stream to Quanta, with upside opportunity while requiring no additional capital investment from Quanta or LUMA. Further, we believe there is opportunity for Quanta to compete for electric power and communications work in Puerto Rico, associated with its electric T&D system modernization efforts that are separate from Quanta’s ownership interest in LUMA. Puerto Rico’s electric T&D system is a – in – at a critical juncture after the destruction caused by Hurricanes Maria and Irma. As a result, the government of Puerto Rico has embarked on a plan to rebuild, modernize, harden and enable a green power grid, the majority of which is expected to be funded by U.S. federal disaster relief agencies and managed by LUMA. The P3 authority in Puerto Rico estimates that more than $18 billion of electric T&D capital investment could be required through 2028 for this initiative. Our communications infrastructure services operation, which are included in our Electric Power segment continued to perform well. We see ample opportunities for growth in the near and longer-term, driven by strong demand for fiber densification to reach homes and businesses and the early stages of 5G deployments. In our press release this morning, we highlighted our recent acquisition of a Chicago-based company that is a leader in providing engineering, design, permitting and utility locating services to electric utilities, gas utilities and communication services companies across the United States. This acquisition meaningfully enhances Quanta’s proven engineering and programmatic delivery capabilities in our core utility markets. Additionally, engineering complexity is greater for 5G deployments as compared to previous wireless technologies, and we believe the increased communications engineering and design capabilities this acquisition brings will allow us to capture and execute on more fiber and 5G deployments. Our Latin American operations, which we are exiting, have been hardest hit by COVID-19. As a result, during the quarter, we accelerated our efforts to exit the Latin American region, which included terminating various contracts. These factors resulted and – in a greater-than-expected loss in the quarter. While uncertainties and challenges remain, we believe the most significant risk of ceasing our LatAm operations have been addressed by our actions and continue to believe our exit will largely be complete by the year-end. Turning to our Pipeline and Industrial segment. As we anticipated, portions of the segment experienced significant disruptions due to the pandemic in the second quarter. However, segment profitability was better-than-expected due to our rapid adjustment of resources to changing market conditions, effective cost management and operational excellence. Early in the quarter, our gas utility operations were shut down in several metro markets as shelter-in-place orders and work restrictions were implemented. Those restrictions begin – began to lift and our activity and utilization rates recovered better than expected through the balance of the quarter. As a result, our full year profit expectations for our gas utility operation remains largely unchanged despite our expectation that some customers’ work is now likely to shift into 2021. Utilities remain in the early stages of multidecade modernization programs to replace aging gas distribution infrastructure in order to meet regulatory requirements aimed at improving reliability and safety, and expect an improved environment next year. Demand for our pipeline integrity services remained solid during the quarter, and did not experience meaningful impacts from COVID-19. Regulatory requirements continue to encourage our customers to test, inspect, repair, perform maintenance and replace pipeline infrastructure to ensure the safe, reliable and environmentally friendly delivery of energy. Further, permitting challenges for building new pipelines make existing pipeline infrastructure more valuable. Increasing pipeline owners’ desire to extend the useful life of existing pipeline assets through integrity initiatives. Due to these dynamics, we expect demand for our pipeline integrity services will continue to grow. Our industrial services offering is diverse, which benefited us during a challenging quarter. Demand for our catalyst services and tank maintenance remained solid in the quarter. However, due to the negative influence of COVID-19 on the demand for refined products, customers’ restricted on-site activity for our other services and deferred maintenance and certain turnaround in capital projects to later this year or 2021. Because this work is necessary for the operation of these facilities, we are confident the delayed work will return in the future as economic and market conditions improve. Thus far, our industrial operations are performing consistent with our expectations, and we continue to believe there is opportunity for stability during the balance of the year and improvement in 2021. For the remainder of this segment, portions of our midstream and ancillary services operations experienced softness in the quarter as expected. However, these operations did a good job managing costs to the market environment. And finally, larger pipeline projects continue to face permitting challenges. The Atlantic Coast pipeline, for example. Our larger pipeline project activity this year is not significant. However, we continue to pursue opportunities for 2020 and beyond that would be an additive to this segment and our outlook. For the last several years, we have been focused on increasing and gaining scale in the base business of the segment, and diversifying the services and geographies of the segment to create a more sustainable and consistent operation. To that end, the three primary service lines we have been focused on are gas utility services, pipeline integrity services and industrial services, which account for more than 70% of the segment’s estimated 2020 revenues. Further, base business revenues are estimated to account for nearly 90% of the segment revenues this year. Going forward, we expect to continue our focus on growing the base gas utility, pipeline integrity and industrial services business, consistent with our strategy over the last five years, and continue to believe a post-COVID operating environment will offer opportunity for increased margins and returns for the overall segment. We have increased our financial expectations for the year and taken a prudent approach to our outlook. Additionally, we continue to pursue opportunities in the marketplace that are not incorporated into our expectations and remain positive and confident about Quanta’s multiyear growth opportunities. Over the past five years, we have executed on our strategy and remain dedicated to growing and enhancing our portfolio of services, which strengthens our ability to capture more of our customers’ large programmatic spending programs. These efforts are designed to mitigate risk inherent in our business and prepare for unexpected events through diversification and by maintaining a strong financial profile. We believe Quanta has a long runway ahead of us for generating repeatable and sustainable earnings as we execute on our strategic initiatives. Considering our organic growth opportunities and the levers available to us to allocate future cash flow generation into value-creating opportunities such as stock repurchases, acquisitions and strategic investments and dividends, we believe Quanta has the opportunity to generate meaningful stockholder value over time. To that end, this year, we have repurchased $200 million of our common stock and this morning, we announced that Quanta’s Board of Directors has authorized the company to repurchase up to $500 million in shares of its outstanding common stock through June 30, 2023, under a new stock repurchase program. I would also note that over the past six years, we have repurchased approximately $2.4 billion of common stock, which equates to the retirement of more than 40% of the shares outstanding at the start of those repurchases. We believe these actions demonstrate our confidence in Quanta and our commitment to generating value for our stockholders. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta’s base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta’s diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our second quarter results and 2020 expectations. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced second quarter 2020 revenues of $2.5 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $74 million or $0.52 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was $0.74. As expected, our results for the second quarter were affected by the unprecedented economic environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and its compounding impact on the challenging energy market. We experienced significant challenges in certain of our operations that were disrupted by stay-at-home orders or job site access restrictions as well as customers pulling back capital deployment amidst all the uncertainty. However, we were able to successfully execute across the majority of our operations and deliver results that exceeded our estimates. Our Electric Power revenues, excluding Latin America, were $1.8 billion, a 2% increase when compared to the second quarter of 2019. This increase was primarily driven by continued growth from our communications operations, which are included within the Electric Power segment, delivering a 50% increase compared to the second quarter of 2019. Revenues from our electric operations were in line with 2019 levels, a meaningful accomplishment given the COVID-19-related disruptions and reduced levels of West Coast fire hardening activities, which we still expect will accelerate in the second half of 2020. Electric segment margins in 2Q 2020 were 10.3%, and excluding our Latin American operations, segment margins improved 130 basis points to 11.1% versus 9.8% in 2Q 2019. The operating margins reflect strong execution across our operation and improved performance from our Canadian operation due to increased revenue levels and asset utilization. In addition, communications margins continue to improve both against last year and sequentially despite the COVID-related headwinds. As Duke mentioned, we continue to take actions to expedite the wind down and exit of our Latin American operations. The challenges in Latin America have been exacerbated by stringent COVID-19 stay-at-home orders across the region, but particularly in Peru, which is our largest operation. This exceedingly uncertain environment caused us to purposefully accelerate early termination of various contracts to prudently avoid increasing losses due to the lack of customer activity. Additionally, certain MSA contracts had incurred costs to support the multiyear operations that upon contract termination, were no longer recoverable. Of note, we currently receive no tax benefit for losses in Latin America, so the $15 million in losses impacted the quarter by approximately $0.11, $0.08 more than we anticipated. We expected most of the negative impacts from COVID-19 and the challenging energy market to be experienced by our pipeline and industrial segment, and that proved to be the case. Revenues for the segment were $713 million, 35% lower than 2Q 2019. In addition, revenues were also lower compared to last year due to the reduction in contributions from larger pipeline projects. Partially offsetting these declines were increased levels of gas distribution revenues, including approximately $55 million from acquired companies. We expected that these headwinds would challenge P&I segment profitability, potentially resulting in a loss for the second quarter. However, we successfully operated through the challenging conditions and delivered segment margins of 3% and lower than 2Q 2019, but a significant accomplishment given the circumstances based across the segment. This performance was led by solid execution across our base business activities and proactive cost management activities in the field for those operations with significant revenue headwinds. Our total backlog was $13.9 billion at the end of the second quarter, approximately $1.2 billion or 9% higher than 2Q 2019. 12-month backlog of $7.7 billion is a slight increase from both the second quarter of 2019 and the first quarter of 2020. Total backlog decreased from the first quarter, largely due to the removal of the remaining portion of our expected revenues associated with the Atlantic Coast pipeline project. Subsequent to June 30, 2020, project owners, Dominion Energy, Inc. and Duke Energy Corporation announced their intention to forego completion of the pipeline. Although the joint venture in which Quanta is participating has not received a notice of termination, based on the announcement, we have concluded that the revenues related to the original remaining performance obligation associated with the contract are no longer probable, and therefore, are excluded from remaining performance obligations and backlog as of June 30, 2020. As Duke mentioned, we continue to have robust conversations with our customers on multiyear spend programs, extensions of existing multiyear arrangements and new larger project opportunities in both the electric and P&I segments. We expect that as challenges associated with customer engagement normalize, those discussions will finalize and drive the opportunity for record backlog. More importantly, Duke mentioned the second quarter announcement of our LUMA Energy joint venture to operate, maintain and modernize Puerto Rico’s electric transmission and distribution grid over the next 15 years. While this business show up in backlog, to the extent that we successfully move through the transition phase to commencement, our expected portion of LUMA’s award would represent the largest cumulative contract value ever awarded to Quanta. If you assume our historical electric segment margin profile of 10%, the 15-year award would imply a backlog equivalent of over $6 billion. It is important to appreciate what this award represents as a predictable, sustainable contribution to our future earnings and cash flows as well as the potential opportunities that can arise as LUMA successfully executes against this award. For the second quarter of 2020, we generated free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, of $457 million. Our strong cash flow in 2Q 2020 was partly attributable to reduced levels of working capital requirements resulting from the sequential quarterly decline in revenues. Cash flow levels were also positively impacted by a reduction in days sales outstanding, or DSO, which measured 82 days for the second quarter, a decrease of nine days compared to the second quarter of 2019 and a sequential decline of three days compared to 1Q 2020. The DSO in 2Q 2020 is more in line with our historical average as compared to DSO last year, which were impacted by higher retainage balances due to project timing as well as billing process changes for certain customers that pressured DSO throughout 2019. We also benefited from the deferral of $89 million of tax payments permitted by the Cares Act, $58 million of which was paid in July and the remainder due in equal amounts at the end of 2021 and 2022. We had $530 million of cash at the end of the quarter. As of June 30, 2020, we had total liquidity of approximately $2.1 billion and a debt-to-EBITDA ratio, as calculated under our senior secured credit agreement of approximately 1.3 times, slightly below our preferred range of 1.5 to 2 times. Turning to our guidance. Similar to where we found ourselves last quarter, we are still dealing with some level of uncertainty as we assess the near-term prospects of our operations, particularly those that are susceptible to local stay-at-home orders, operate in enclosed facilities or depend upon project teams having access to local permitting offices. As COVID-19 cases continue to spread, we have approached our guidance with our typical prudence and a cautious expectation for what the remainder of the year will deliver. Our full year revenue expectations for the Electric Power segment are unchanged, expecting to range between $7.5 billion and $7.7 billion. However, we are increasing full year operating margin expectations to between 9.3% and 9.6%, with Latin America contributing operating losses of $40 million to $45 million. Excluding Latin America losses, margins are now expected to be around 10%, which reflects continued successful project execution, plus the incremental impact of the LUMA joint venture. The LUMA joint venture is accounted for as an equity method investment and therefore, will not contribute to revenues. However, we are including our equity and earnings of LUMA within operating income since LUMA is operationally integral to our operations under accounting guidance as compared to most of our other equity investments that are more positive in nature. LUMA’s results are presented after tax and are anticipated to positively contribute to operating income in 2020 by approximately $10 million or $0.06 to $0.07 per share. We also anticipate that LUMA’s earnings could be accretive to diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock by approximately $0.25 annually, after the approximately one year transition period with upside opportunity from performance-based incentives. The P&I segment continues to be impacted by COVID-19 and the challenged energy market conditions, and accordingly, we are reducing our full year revenue expectations to range between $3.5 billion and $3.7 billion. Customers have continued to evaluate this environment and have reduced spend expectations for certain smaller capital projects and gas distribution activities. In addition, certain larger pipeline project opportunities have been delayed, and we now expect they will contribute more meaningfully to 2021 results. We have increased our full year operating margin guidance for the P&I segment, which is now expected to range between 4.75% and 5.25%. Of note, with regard to the cancelation of ACP, we have yet to receive a formal termination notice, and we are working with the customers to determine how the project will close out. Although we believe potential upside associated with termination fees and other contract accounting exists, the final contract closeout will not be determined until the timing of project wind down is known, any closeout scopes of work are defined by ACP and then agreed and allocated by the joint venture to Quanta. Relative to seasonality, for both the electric and P&I segments in our current environment, we do not expect significant variability in revenue or operating margins across the third and fourth quarters. As noted in our earnings release this morning, we have increased our full year earnings per share expectations, and now expect GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $2.33 and $2.64. And adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, of between $3.18 and $3.48. These earnings per share expectations include a loss per share of between $0.28 and $0.31 from our Latin American operations. Turning to cash flow. We are raising our free cash flow guidance for the year to range between $600 million and $800 million. The countercyclical nature of our cash flow was further validated by the strong cash flow for the first half of the year, with aggregate trailing 12-month free cash flow of $1.2 billion. However, we expect the ramp of revenues in the third quarter to increase working capital requirements and drive cash outflows for the quarter, followed by a recovery in the fourth quarter as is typically the case. While we have experiment – and while we’ve experienced minimal payment delays related to COVID-19 through the second quarter, we remain cautious about the third and fourth quarters and have raised our DSO expectations through the rest of the year to account for capital preservation actions that may be taken by certain portions of our customer base if economic conditions deteriorate. I’ll close my guidance commentary, reiterating the challenge that the combination of COVID-19 and the volatile energy market conditions present for our near-term outlook. Excluding our Latin America operations, we continue to estimate that at least 70% of the change in our 2020 expectations from the beginning of the year can be attributed to COVID-19-related disruptions, with the remaining 30%, largely associated with the residual effects that low oil prices have in our pipeline and industrial customers’ capital budgets. Overall, we are pleased with the resilient second quarter performance and are excited about the long-term prospects of our business, particularly what the LUMA opportunity with Puerto Rico represents for Quanta’s future and for the people of Puerto Rico. We’ve continued to maintain a strong balance sheet with the flexibility to pursue opportunistic deployments of capital for M&A and investments as well as returns of capital. Our efforts to return capital to stockholders are further enhanced by the new $500 million share repurchase authorization, which, coupled with the $87 million remaining under our previous program, represents $587 million of aggregate authorizations. We believe the long-term repeatable, sustainable nature of the majority of our earnings streams provide stability to all of our stakeholders and ensures we have the foundation to deliver long-term shareholder value. This concludes our formal presentation, and we’ll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Dilts: Hi guys, good morning, and congratulations on good performance in a tough environment.
Duke Austin: Good morning. Thank you.
Noelle Dilts: Good morning. So just given a lot of what’s going on in 2020, COVID, the headwinds associated with Latin America, I was hoping you could just kind of give us some thoughts on how you’re starting to think about 2021 and to what extent some of these headwinds, particularly on the oil side – oil-related side of the business, how you’re thinking about whether to the degree to which they will or won’t continue into next year. If you could just give us some sort of initial thoughts on how you’re thinking about 2021, that would be helpful.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Noelle. I think when we talked about Latin America early on. We talked about exiting this year. We’re doing that in a prudent manner. We’re trying to get that behind us. COVID certainly came in and cost rose. We did some things with contracts to exit earlier. So I do think that the majority of that will be out, and we’ve guided for that in 2020. As we look forward, I – we talked about the base business being robust, being able to grow. It were largely intact on the Electric segment throughout the year, even pre-COVID. So our strategy is working. On the P&I side, we saw the light switch effect, some cities down. After that, we are largely intact. Everybody’s back to work for the most part. We do have some shift where we’re customer interfacing with utilities, so we’re going in people’s homes. That work has somewhat shift to next year and beyond. So that’s a little bit of drag on there and the Canadian work pushed out into next year. But all in all, 90% of the base work, the baseload work, obviously, we added Puerto Rico, which I believe is transformational for the company and a lot of opportunity there into 2021. So in my mind, the company has gotten stronger through this. Our Industrial segment, you can’t – you don’t know where the economy is going to go. So the demand on the Industrial segment is certainly there long-term, but it will be predicated around the economy. And we’ll continue to evaluate that. But sometimes in these areas of lulls, we’re able to gain market share, and we have a really good management team down there. I like our chances to gain market share and come out of this way stronger on the other side.
Noelle Dilts: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then just given the $500 million stock repurchase authorization announcement and the acquisition in the quarter. Could you just kind of give us some thoughts on how you’re thinking about the prioritization of capital deployment, given where your stock is trading today? And then what I would think might be some opportunities to make potentially some attractive opportunities to pick up players that may be struggling a little bit more in the downturn. Thanks.
Duke Austin: We’ve never been a company to acquire companies that are struggling. So I think when we look at it, we buy in, in the strength in the – into our strategy. Our strategy has not changed over the last five years in the way we’ve deployed capital. Everything is against our stock price and our strategy. So when we look at things, when we’re looking at companies, their – its strength to a region to a strategy. The Chicago company that we bought was – will allow us to get on the front end of programmatic spends that are ongoing within our service lines as we expand. So that was very strategic to us. We like the company. It’s an old historic company that will give us a lot of flexibility on the programmatic spend. That being said, everything is valued against our stock price. We continue to believe our earnings streams and our earnings power is much greater than its value today. It’s more consistent, more resilient, and we’ll continue to lean into it and drive EPS and EPS growth.
Noelle Dilts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Dudas: Yes. Good morning, everyone.
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Derrick Jensen: Good morning.
Michael Dudas: Duke, as you convent with your relations with your electric power customers and gas power customers, as things get to normalize, are there any thoughts of acceleration in certain parts of the CapEx spend that’s anticipated, that’s going to be in your sweet spot relative to what you would have there, you would have thought, say, 12 months ago as some of the demand load factors and certainly coal plant closure and shutdowns and renewable drivers could certainly maybe impact some of that program expanding going forward?
Duke Austin: Yes. I think when we talked about it at the first part of the year and even beyond, you’re seeing multi-year T&D spends on CapEx on a go-forward basis. That’s still there. It’s still prevalent. We’re working with our customers and collaborating with them. When you start putting EVs, electric vehicles, in order to enable that, you have to have a very modern grid. And so the modernization thereof and the CapEx that it takes to get there is something that’s ongoing on the distribution side of the business, both gas and electric, for stability. As you see more renewables, the interconnections that are required in the amount of transmission and the redundancy within the grid, that’s why you’re seeing most of our clients have both renewable expansion on the generation side as well as your transmission expansion on the other side. So really, in my mind, whether it’s renewables that we’re enabling or just the stability of the grid for electric vehicles. Either way, it’s necessary to invest in – for a long period of time. People are talking about 2050 to be carbon-free and things of that nature. In order to do that, the amount of transmission and distribution expenditures to this grid is exponential of what you see today just to give you the flexibility to enable those enhancements.
Michael Dudas: That’s very helpful. And my follow-up would be with the success of your Puerto Rican joint venture, the – securing it and assuming going forward, it will be successful, is that model able to be replicated elsewhere in the U.S. or internationally, that could continue to enhance that kind of that earnings, sustainable earnings flow on top of your normal base business going forward? And is that something we could see in the next 12, 18 or 24 months?
Duke Austin: I think it was a unique opportunity in Puerto Rico to collaborate with a great customer, that ATCO, that we have a great relationship with, and both their strengths and our strengths came together along with IEM, our partner there. It will allow us a unique opportunity. In my mind, what we’re able to do there is strengthen the people of the island. It’s – for me, it’s a social thing because I think at the end of this, we’re going to modernize the grid. We’re going to stabilize an economy, and people are going to benefit. I mean lights are out every day there for periods of time. And for us, at the end, if we – when we get through this, I think we’ll be able to look back and it will be so meaningful to Quanta, us, ATCO and also the whole industry of what we’ve done in Puerto Rico. I know we can do it. We don’t talk about things. We actually go out there and build things. So it will be unique. And the opportunities on the other side of that is the FEMA money that’s coming in, which is $18 billion or, call it, $10 billion, call it $12 billion, whatever it is, it’s meaningful on the other side of the contract that I think we’ll have an opportunity and I like our chances on work because it – we do it cost certain, we do things right and economically for the consumer. So as that – as you see, that’s a huge expansion for us. There’s other islands. There’s other ways that we can participate and collaborate with our customer. We’re doing this all the time at – on different ways to enable technology, to enable EVs, to enable a grid that’s sustainable under renewables and things of that nature. So we’re around the edges all the time of what you hear about, and I was sitting on a call the other day, and they were talking about all this things around technology. In order to get there, everything that we’re doing and everything as a company that we’re doing, we’re enabling all those things to happen. So in my mind, there’ll be all kinds of opportunities for us, and we have a really nice base to grow off of.
Michael Dudas: Well said. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. I got on the call a little bit late, so I’m not sure if you’ve addressed this or not. So I apologize, but I wonder if you could talk about the strength in the margins in the Electric segment. How much of that was something from the electric side versus the communication side? And to what extent, if you’re seeing a notable pickup in the communications side, do you think we’re at an inflection point there on that business, really kind of ramping up over the next handful of quarters?
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks. The margins were impressive. The guys in the field are really operating well under extreme conditions. I’ve said this before, and I want to make sure I say it again. The electric side of the business will operate in double digits over time. And we’ll continue to say that if we operate in 11, we’ve operated in 9, we’ll operate in 12 at times. And so I would just, in my mind, we always think around double digits. That’s the way to think about the Electric segment. They did have – we did have a nice quarter, and I think we’re setting up for a nice year here. The telecom is certainly a part of this. And we are making incremental progress there. The opportunities are out there. They’re large. We continue to build office, build strength. We added some engineering capabilities in the quarter, which will only help us as we EPC, and we do work in cities and metroplexes. That was extremely important for us to get the engineering in the front end, right on those things. And I – we’ve done that through an acquisition. So I’m proud of where we’re at. I’m proud of where we sit. We’ll only get better as we move forward in the telecom.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then if you could just talk a little bit about what’s happening at Stronghold on the downstream side to talk about the flow of opportunities you’re seeing there and how you think of that business positioned in light of sort of the more challenging downstream conditions. Is the business rightsized for what you see going forward?
Duke Austin: We have a great industrial business, both on the Hubble side as well as the Stronghold catalyst side that really is – it gives us a good base to grow off of. The management team’s stronghold as well as our management team on the electric side, they’re exceptional. They’ll take advantage of these opportunities as we see them. We certainly rightsized the business, the G&A aspects of it. We had a record quarter in the first quarter and obviously fell off in the second. But again, we’re still profitable. We’re still doing well out there. And I think we’ll only come out the other side stronger.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning, and nice quarter. I guess, just to follow – a couple of quick follow-ups. One, also – the Pipeline and Industrial margins were pretty good in the quarter, just considering the revenue declines that you saw. So maybe you can talk to anything that you’re seeing there that’s sort of a structural improvement in margins and whether it’s fair to assume margin can continue to improve at a nice pace as we exit the year and into 2021. And then my follow-up question is sort of on what Noelle asked. And a little more specifically, Derrick, I think I asked you this last quarter, but if you take the base of 2020, add back LatAm, you adjust for the COVID disruption, you consider your share repurchase, and now we have Puerto Rico. Why isn’t $4 a reasonable number to think about for 2021 on an adjusted basis?
Duke Austin: Good morning, Jamie, I would say, in general, we’ve made incremental progress on the pipeline side pre-COVID. I – we were 7%-plus guidance on it early on. And I think that progress is still there. We’ve done the things right strategically to position the company ex-pipe to go forward at mid- to high-single digits, and that’s where it stands. I think our goal is a portfolio, a double-digit EBITDA. We’re not there yet. We’re working on it. You can see the Electric margins pulling up. I could think you’ll continue to see the pipe and the resiliency of the pipe – pipeline segment, P&I segment go forward. And it’s utility-backed, it’s industrial-based. And as that goes farther, you’ll continue to see those margins rise and then the returns get better there. And as far as – I’ll answer a little bit on the $4. I think when we talked about it last quarter, we stand by now. The opportunity is there. It’s opportunity for more than $4. So – well that’s where we’re at. It’s early. It’s June. And it’s August now. But we’re giving June numbers. So we’re not going to give 2021 guidance, but everything you’re saying and everything you’re inferring. We see the same thing. The company is in very, very good shape, and we’re working hard at margins.
Jamie Cook: Thank you very much. Great job.
Duke Austin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Duke Austin: Thanks.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, duke, did I hear you say that telecom was up 50% in Q2? And if so, was that new contracts? Or was that more work under existing contracts?
Duke Austin: I don’t know if I said that or Derrick said that. But I – it’s – I think that’s accurate. It’s under both. And in our mind, we talked about early on that we were having some – when we thought about it, we were doing a lot of front-end engineering. And as we went to the field, things would get better, revenues picked up, and that’s what you’re seeing. We’re starting to put people in the field. Our Canadian work strengthened some too in the quarter. So all those things kind of come together. And we’ll continue to see those kind of ramps in the business. Not 50% ramps, but it will continue up as we go to the field with construction. There’s a lot of opportunity there. We’re growing the business quite nicely. And I like the things we’re doing.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. It’s Derrick, also. I mean, keep in mind, we’ve talked about it now for quite some time. We saw the ability to have a faster ramp, obviously, and I talk on compartment of our business than in other components. And we stand behind this year of still being able to see telecom revenues at or above $500 million.
Duke Austin: And the acquisitions, really, we talked about this morning certainly enhances the front side of that and then it gives us the ability to move quicker into the field.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then just one more on telecom actually. You mentioned 5G. How does Quanta play in 5G? And how does that opportunity ramp?
Duke Austin: I’m – when we look at it, I mean, it’s somewhat pulled back. The density – I mean, 5G is about seven components. But as you think about it, what enables 5G is your communication from your fiber to your cell towers and things of that nature. They need line of sight on the cells, the small cells, whatever it may be. But the fiber backbone and data on the edge, all those things are part of 5G. And every bit of that – and by the way, it takes quite a bit of power as well to enable those data centers and things of that nature. So we’re around the edges on all of it and how we interface with our local electric utilities or – and gas utilities, along with the telecom and collaborate there on the middle grounds of those things, put us in a great position to enhance our ability to deploy 5G.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Eastman: Good morning, gentlemen. Nice work this quarter. I just wanted to start with, yes, a really high level one. Going through Utility earnings releases this quarter, a lot of talk about hydrogen technologies. Is there any discussion – is Quanta part of any of those discussions? Just curious if that is something interesting for you guys to be looking at over the long-term.
Duke Austin: Yes. We talk to them around all those things. I think in general, hydrogen is something, we talked about batteries a long time. We talked about solar a long time. It continues to be part of a carbon footprint that is environmentally friendly. So those things are all part of it. And I think we’re around the edges on all those kind of conversations, whether we build any kind of hydrogen plant or something of those natures. It just depends on what it is. We’re going to stay down the middle and do the things that we’re very good at, like we’ve done in the past. And certainly, we’ll collaborate on all those kind of opportunities, such as hydrogen, solar, 5G, whatever it may be. We continue to talk to them and try to advance those technologies forward through enabling the grid and also your infrastructure.
Sean Eastman: Got it. And just as we think about the second halfs, just seeing all utilities maintain their capital budgets. I think I’ve seen a couple increase their budgets and accelerate some stuff. But just trying to think about what that dynamic means for the second half. I just thought about this sort of prospect of maybe getting some work accelerated. So those customers are able to spend those budgets and what you guys have built in around a potential acceleration in the second half or catch up dynamic.
Duke Austin: Yes. Sean, I think when we looked at it, where still many cities are within the COVID environment or different kinds of restrictions. So I think we took a prudent approach to guidance. We said the back half, the fire hardening in the back half of the Electric segment was strengthened, we still believe that. I mean, we’re on a storm now in the East Coast. And so under Covid restrictions, where our guys are performing exceptional and so it’s very difficult to say what the second half, if there’s upside to it. I think we took a nice prudent approach like we do all the time. But we do have some strength there, and we continue to see opportunities with our clients and making sure that either their workforce is at home due to COVID. So we’re backfilling and things of that nature. Or we’re making sure that their capital budgets and what they see in the future, we’re able to deliver on those capital plans. So lots of conversations going on. All in all, I think we gave good prudent guidance as we move forward.
Sean Eastman: Got it. Again, nice work guys, and thanks for the time.
Duke Austin: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Hauke: Thank you. Good morning. I’ve got two quick ones here. First one, just to, I guess, level set on telecom to – as we think about 2021. I think the guidance originally for the year was that it would be about $500 million of revenue with margins getting close to the segment average. So I just was kind of hoping to get an update, year-to-date, what’s the revenue as we’re halfway through the year and where are those margins so we can think about the second half. And then also how we comp next year. That’s my first question. And the second question is just to the extent that there’s any update on the arbitration process in Peru. And if there’s anything else that – as you’ve exited these contracts, any other legal items that have come up related to those closures? Thank you.
Duke Austin: I’ll let Derrick take the margin questions, and I’ll jump back in on Peru.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. From a telecom perspective, we’re still looking at revenues probably $500 million to slightly above for 2020 very much intact. On a year-to-date basis, I would tell you, we’re probably about halfway there. We’re probably in that $250 million range. On margins, we commented that margins are sequentially higher than the first and still had improvement over last year. They’re above the mid single-digit range and continuing to improve. We see very much as we exit now through the rest of the year, our margin profile that’s increasing. A little bit of COVID dynamic there in the second. So I think otherwise, you would have seen our margins kind of creeping up, I see it even further more in the second, but we still feel very confident in our ability to be that upper single-digit and double-digit by the time we exit the year.
Duke Austin: As far as Peru goes, we’ve physically handed over the network at this point. We’ve done the things administratively that we needed to do to preserve our asset as well as our lawsuit there. We’re incrementally more positive about where we’re at. It’s a long process. We continue to make what I think is the right decisions going forward that will allow us to recoup our investment down there. We’ll see where it goes over the next 18 months.
Justin Hauke: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Duke Austin: Thank you.
Andy Kaplowitz: Duke, last quarter, you talked about expecting to book a number of MSA renewals as 2020 evolves and consequently book revenue have you seen any delays in these MSAs coming to fruition? And then you also have talked pretty much every quarter about having billions of potential large transmission projects. I hope that they’d be booked. Do you see an opportunity to book a large project in the second half of this year?
Duke Austin: Look, I don’t – we don’t press timing on those things. They just – again, we take our time. We’re looking at them all the time. There’s multiple opportunities out there. It depends on what you call large or not. I think when you go back and you look at what we’ve booked this quarter, as Derrick said in his commentary, $6 billion is not too bad the way I see it and their earnings streams, they’re off of it. And we worked on that for 18 months or better. And I would I just say, it’s transformational in this company what we did in a quarter through a pandemic and the guys and the teams that have done that and what we’ll be able to do on that island is something that will go down and is meaningful for, not only us, but the generations to come. So that being said, the opportunities are there. They’re larger. The larger transmission opportunities remain robust. We continue – I will say this on pipe. It doesn’t matter. Large pipe doesn’t matter to us. It doesn’t matter on this quarter, and it doesn’t matter going forward. It’s only incremental to anything we talk about. So the big pipe, when I think about it, it’s incremental to anything we say. If it’s there, we’ll pick it up. If it’s not, we won’t. And it’s fine. That’s not what this company is built around on the future or today.
Andy Kaplowitz: That’s helpful. And obviously, you then can accelerate sort of getting out of Latin America. So as we sit here today, do you think you – when you go into 2021, you really should be out and the impact on EPS would be amenable to not being extended in 2021?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean, I think for the majority of it, you could have a little bit of linger, but I – we’re hard-pressed to get that done, and we were able to negotiate contracts out. It costs us a little money in the quarter, but it was the right answer for our shareholders, the right answer for Quanta is to move through that, and we were able to do a multitude that within the quarter. Again, we’re preserving the asset there in Peru. We’re working through the other areas. But in my mind, we’re on the other side of that, moving forward very quickly to get out.
Andy Kaplowitz: And Duke, I just want to say that you mentioned the storm here in the tri-state area. We need more help so whatever you had for your expectations for the year in terms of revenue, maybe you’re going to out that because you think there’s more work to do in this area around this storm. So thanks, anyway. Good quarter.
Duke Austin: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, everyone. I – mainly, I want to thank our employees for the work that they’ve done in the storm environment. I will say that our business is inherently risky due to COVID. It’s even more still. I would say, in general, they’ve done a great job. We’ve collaborated great with the client here. And hopefully, we’re all picking the lights back on at a pretty rapid pace. So that being said, the industry has made a ton of progress there. And we’re proud of that and proud of what our guys have done in the field. We want to thank you, thank our customers, and I appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to Quanta Services First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator instructions]. Please note, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Thank you and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter results which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2020 outlook and commentary we will discuss this morning.  Additionally, we will use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call's webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of the Quanta Services website.  Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 7, 2020, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts.  Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied.  For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release along with the company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligations to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call.  Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release.  Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for email alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website.  With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl Austin, Jr.: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services first quarter 2020 earnings conference call.  On the call today, I will provide commentary about our first quarter results, the operational steps we are taking to successfully navigate the current environment and resiliency and sustainability of Quanta's customers and business model. Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, will provide a review of our first quarter results and 2020 financial expectations. And then, I will provide additional remarks before we turn it to your questions.  Quanta is operating in an unprecedented health and economic environment with no predeveloped process or playbook to guide us through. This is when [indiscernible 0:03:45] our people who are the very core of Quanta. The tenacity and instincts we have witnessed throughout our operations over the past several weeks has been nothing short of inspiring. We believe our core competency is our ability to safely execute in a challenging environment. Our people work in harsh conditions every day, and we have managed through economic cycles and other challenges throughout our history. While each circumstance is different, our people rising to the occasion is nothing new to Quanta.  We have remained vigilant and have adapted to the unforeseen nature of this pandemic. We have remained committed to our operating and business model and to the successful execution of our objective. We believe our resilient business model and strong financial position provides us with the opportunity to not only navigate through times of uncertainty, like we are experiencing currently, but to come out the other side better positioned.  First and foremost, we remain focused on the health and safety of our employees. We implemented our existing pandemic plan in response to COVID-19 in February to protect our employees in the field and subsequently initiated work-from-home policies where appropriate. We developed our pandemic plan to be comprehensive and are confident it has been effective. We have collaborated with our customers and continue to enhance our plan as we move forward as shelter-in-place orders ease and the density of the general public in proximity to our work areas increase.  At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately 39,500 employees and, to date, have not experienced any meaningful health impacts on the availability of our workforce or key personnel as a result of COVID-19.  Quanta, our customers and the end markets we address are all considered critical infrastructure per government guidelines and are needed to continue to work during periods of community restriction which most states and localities have adhered to. Our proactive steps have not only protected the health and safety of our employees, but have allowed us to provide continuity of service to our customers.  Our services are needed, perhaps more than ever, as tens and millions of people are now working from home and sheltering in place and require reliable electricity, communications, Internet, heating and cooling services.  Our first quarter results were solid and would have put us on track to meet our pre-pandemic 2020 outlook. We ended the quarter with backlog near record levels. We expect record backlog during the year as we renew various master service agreements and secure additional projects, which demonstrates the resiliency of Quanta's business and our favorable positioning going forward.  Demand for our services during the quarter remained high in most service lines tough in the later part of March we began to experience some impacts from COVID-19 and challenges in the energy and industrial market.  Shelter-in-place restrictions in some areas have created disruptions to portions of our operations, particularly in major metro markets, especially those that have been meaningfully impacted by COVID-19. This dynamic has also compounded challenges that the broader energy market is experiencing, which is affecting portions of our Pipeline and Industrial segment. We believe April will prove to be our most challenging month of the year due to shelter-in-place declarations throughout North America and their impacts on our operations in some areas.  However, cities and states are beginning to ease community restrictions. And as a result, we are planning with our customers for the disruptions to our work to moderate. We have been and continue to communicate closely, collaborate with our customers, while we are experiencing some minor permitting delays. We are not experiencing and do not expect to experience significant supply chain disruptions or workforce availability issues. We have proactively implemented certain steps to manage costs, given the uncertain macroenvironment.  Some of the cost management steps we have taken include suspension of hiring and raises at various operations, discretionary spending, non-essential travel and deferral of non-essential capital expenditures. We have also taken tough, but necessary, actions to manage headcount at operations that are facing challenges and uncertainty under the current environment. While we believe Quanta's business will remain resilient and flexible, and we continue to see opportunity for profitable growth going forward, we believe these prudent actions given the circumstances.  We have worked diligently over the past several years to create a more repeatable and sustainable business model. Our portfolio of companies, geographic and services diversity and focus on growing our base business gives us confidence in the resiliency of our business. We estimate 80% to 90% of our revenues are derived from utility, communications and certain pipeline and industrial infrastructure services that we believe will be resilient even in today's environment. The remaining less resilient portion of our revenues, some of which are currently under pressure, could stabilize in the second half of this year, and we believe provide multiyear growth opportunities and reasonable returns. Derrick will provide additional details in his commentary regarding our outlook. Demand for our electric power services remain solid, and we have not seen meaningful reductions in the utility CapEx budgets. Utilities continue to actively deploy capital into their systems to modernize, harden, expand and adapt to current and future needs. Long-time Quanta utility customers across our service offerings are investing tens of billions of dollars to modernize and create sustainable systems for end users over the medium term.  Work on our Watay and East-West Tie Line electric transmission project in Canada is proceeding and to date is not meaningfully impacted by COVID-19. Additionally, throughout our service territories, we continue to actively pursue billions of dollars of larger electric transmission projects, some of which have recently made incremental progress for its final permitting and construction. We are confident we are well positioned for many of these projects. Our communications infrastructure services operation, which are included in Electric Power segment, had a good first quarter with double-digit revenue growth and solid profitability.  Our projects are moving forward with minimal disruption, and we continue to see strong demand for overall fiber densification to reach homes and businesses and the early stages of 5G deployment.  Utilities and electric cooperatives also continue to evaluate opportunities for their involvement in 5G and fiber capacity, and we're actively collaborating with them on solution.  Turning to our Pipeline and Industrial segment. In the first quarter, our gas utility operations performed well in what is seasonally the weakest quarter of the year. Utilities are in the early stages of multi-decade modernization programs to replace aging gas distribution infrastructure to meet regulatory requirements aimed at improving reliability and safety.  However, as shelter-in-place orders were implemented across North America, community restrictions impacted our operations in certain metro markets beginning in the last week of March that continues to date. As a result, we have managed headcount in those markets to match meaningfully reduced utilization rates. However, these restrictions are beginning to lift and our activity and utilizations are gradually increasing as we rehire employees and get back to work. Our industrial and services operations had a record first quarter, driven by broad demand for our services, primarily from refinery customers.  Our core catalyst services are a critical path and necessary for our customers to efficiently refine product. As we entered the second quarter, demand for our catalyst services remains solid. However, due to COVID-19 and challenging overall energy markets, customers began restricting onsite activity for our other services, and deferred maintenance and certain turnaround projects to later this year or 2021.  We believe our industrial services operations will be significantly impacted in the second quarter due to these factors, and we have been implementing initiatives to manage costs to the current environment.  However, we're confident that this delayed work will return in the future as economic and market conditions improve, and we are cautiously optimistic that there is opportunity for stability in the second half of this year.  Certain portions of our midstream ancillary services operations in the United States and Canada began to experience softness in the later part of the first quarter primarily due to challenging energy market conditions, which are amplified by COVID-19 and we have continuing into the second quarter. Quanta has some, but not significant, midstream services exposure to oil-focused areas. At this point, we expect midstream activities in oil-focused areas to be impacted through at least the balance of this year. As a result, we have reduced headcount and are actively implementing cost management initiatives at impacted operations.  On the plus side, we continue to actively pursue billions of dollars of larger pipeline project opportunities, most of which are for natural gas transportation. These larger pipeline projects are needed for long-term transportation of hydrocarbons, are underpinned by long-term commercial agreements with producers and tend to be resilient to the short-term fluctuations in commodity prices. However, permitting and regulatory approvals remain the gating factor for when these larger pipeline projects move forward.  Over the past five years, we have executed on our strategy to mitigate risk inherent in our business and prepare for unexpected events through diversification and maintaining a strong financial profile. We have a diverse, high-quality customer base with low customer concentration, a broad and diverse geographic presence and a diverse and expanding line of services. We believe our diversification strategy, favorable and resilient industry dynamics, and the strategic investments we have made will continue to benefit Quanta during favorable and challenging times and will allow us to continue to serve all our stakeholders.  I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our first quarter results and 2020 expectations. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke. And good morning, everyone. I'm going to talk briefly about financial highlights of the first quarter and spend more of my prepared remarks discussing the current environment and our forward-looking financial expectations.  Today, we announced first quarter 2020 revenues of $2.8 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $39 million or $0.26 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share – a non-GAAP measure – was $0.47. From an operational perspective, the first quarter results largely met our expectations. Our Electric Power revenues, excluding Latin America, were $1.8 billion, an 8% increase when compared to the first quarter of 2019, reflecting continued base business strength prior to COVID-related disruption.  Electric segment margins were 7.3%, and excluding Latin American operations, were 8.2%, in line with our previous commentary which anticipated lower margins in 1Q due to seasonality as well as fire hardening activities being weighted toward the second half of the year.  Recall that these fire hardening activities were running at substantial levels throughout every quarter of last year and the back half weighting in 2020 resulted in some level of cost absorption pressure in the first quarter. Our communications operations, which are included in our Electric segment, grew revenues almost 40% compared to the first quarter of 2019 and delivered operating margins in the mid-single digits.  Our Pipeline and Industrial revenues were $1 billion, 13% lower than 1Q 2019 due to an expected reduction in revenues from larger pipeline projects, the contribution from which was $170 million less than 1Q 2019. Partially offsetting this decline were increased levels of base business activity, including approximately $100 million from acquired companies.  Operating margins for the P&I segment were 3.1%, lower than 1Q 2019, but within our range of expectations for the quarter despite having been impacted by adverse weather across our Canadian pipeline operations. The orderly exit of our Latin American operations progressed during the first quarter. However, the $16.3 million of operating losses exceeded our expectations. The losses primarily relate to early termination and closeout costs associated with projects in the region, exacerbated by stringent COVID-19 stay-at-home orders in the second quarter, necessitating a loss recognition on certain projects in 1Q.  We received no tax benefit for losses in Latin America, so the approximately $16 million in losses impacted the quarter by approximately $0.11, $0.04 more than what we had originally anticipated. Our total backlog was $14.7 billion at the end of the first quarter, slightly below year-end, but $2 billion higher than 1Q 2019. 12-month backlog at $7.6 billion is approximately $685 million higher than 1Q 2019. We continue to see opportunities for backlog growth. However, timing of awards for certain customers could be delayed in the current environment. For the first quarter of 2020, we generated free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, of $164 million, which included $82 million of insurance proceeds associated with the settlement of two pipeline project claims, as we mentioned on our last quarter's call.  Days sales outstanding, or DSO, for the quarter was 85 days, a decrease of 3 days compared to the first quarter of 2019 due to lower levels of retainage balances associated with larger projects, but slightly higher than the 81 days at year-end.  We had experienced some administrative impacts throughout the business at the end of March, which has continued into the second quarter due to various stay-at-home dynamics. However, we haven't seen any significant pressure on extending payment terms thus far. Due to volatile capital market conditions in March, as a cautionary measure, we borrowed $250 million against our revolving credit facility to ensure we had adequate access to cash to fund our operations in what was a rapidly changing and unpredictable environment. As a result, we had approximately $380 million of cash at the end of the quarter.  Our net interest expense was slightly higher in the first quarter due to this drawdown and, to a lesser extent, due to the deployment of $200 million for the repurchase of 6 million shares of our common stock during the quarter.  As the capital markets improved and risk associated with daily liquidity requirements moderated, we reduced our cash position substantially by paying off outstanding borrowings on our revolver at the end of April and resumed routine funding of daily cash requirements. From a balance sheet and liquidity perspective, we believe we are well positioned to handle the disruptions to our operations associated with COVID-19 and the challenging energy market environment.  As of March 31, 2020, we had total liquidity of approximately $1.7 billion.  Our debt facilities do not mature until October 31, 2022. And as of March 31, 2020, we had a debt-to-EBITDA ratio, as calculated under our senior secured credit agreement, of approximately 1.7 times, within our preferred range of 1.5 to 2 times and well below the 3 times maximum provided for in our credit facility. At the end of the first quarter, we were comfortably in compliance with all of the financial covenants in our credit facility.  The combination of COVID-19 and the challenging energy market environment represents an unprecedented economic impact in the modern era. However, Quanta successfully navigated through the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009 and through the challenging energy market and operating conditions of 2015 and 2016. In both circumstances, Quanta remained solidly profitable, maintained a strong balance sheet, generated solid cash flow, and came out of these periods a stronger and better competitively positioned company. Turning to our guidance. I'll start by saying that our decision to provide guidance and our approach was developed through much internal debate. We concluded that the value of providing a level of meaningful commentary and financial expectations to the investment community outweighed the risk that doing so implies certainty in a very uncertain environment.  Given the circumstances, our outlook commentary should be considered as directional and is meant to be helpful to understand the nature of what we see today. Currently, our expectations for the Electric Power segment remain largely intact. We expect revenues for this segment between $7.5 billion and $7.7 billion and operating margins between 9% and 9.3%, with Latin America contributing operating losses of $25 million to $30 million. Excluding Latin America losses, margins are expected to range between 9.4% and 9.7%.  Certain markets have seen some level of COVID-19 impact to operations in the second quarter, both in our electric and communications services operation, and our slight reduction in annual revenue and margin guidance is largely expected to occur in the second quarter. Annual margins are also somewhat impacted by reductions in electrical work in certain industrial facilities and by slightly higher than previously expected Latin America costs in 1Q and the rest of the year. Having said that, we see the opportunity for this segment to be at or near our double-digit target margins in the third and fourth quarters.  Our largest change in expectations is within our Pipeline and Industrial segment. As opposed to the Electric Power segment, where we've had limited impacts from stay-at-home orders, for the P&I segment, COVID-19 has impacted certain metro markets such as New York, Detroit and Seattle, where despite our services being deemed essential, local governments are restricting and shutting down our work which is creating a material impact. The exacerbating effect of COVID-19 on the challenged energy market is resulting in a meaningful revenue reduction in almost all of our pipeline and industrial services in the second quarter.  Revenues for the second quarter are expected to be as low as $700 million to $800 million, roughly 40% lower than our original expectations, likely resulting in a small operating loss for this segment in the second quarter.  The combined impacts of COVID-19 and the challenged energy market are expected to continue to negatively impact segment margins in our third and fourth quarter. This is particularly true for our industrial services operations as customers are reducing and deferring regularly scheduled maintenance and turnaround activities as a lack of demand for their refined products is pressuring budget. For the remainder of the year, we have assumed a substantial pullback in these areas.  Also, we expect reduced revenue from smaller pipeline and industrial capital projects throughout 2020 to weigh on segment margins as we expect to experience a prolonged effect from the current energy market and its impact on our customers' capital budget.  For the remainder of the year, we see the opportunity for segment revenues to exceed $1 billion in each of the third and fourth quarters and for our margins to range between 6% and 8%. Our annual expectations are for approximately $4 billion of revenues, with operating margins not likely exceeding 5% for the full year of 2020. However, for this to occur, it assumes we have ramped to normal activities early in the third quarter within the metro markets currently impacted by stay-at-home orders and normal activity levels continue for the remainder of the year.  We are aware that investors have at times had difficulty assessing the repeatable and sustainable nature of the Pipeline and Industrial segment, specifically. We believe the complexity of the current landscape only adds to that difficulty. As such, we've attempted to aid investors by providing additional service level detail within this segment in our earnings release and slide presentation, which is viewable through the webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of Quanta's website. We've defined these service areas as gas distribution, maintenance and integrity, larger pipeline projects, and other pipeline and industrial infrastructure services. Importantly, the revenue range associated with each area is directional and intended to provide a deeper understanding of the activities performed within this segment, but is not meant to provide a precise view of the revenue expectations by category.  Our expectations for reduced gas distribution revenues and most of the reduced maintenance and integrity revenues are COVID-19 related, either by the previously discussed stay-at-home orders or reduced fuel demand. These services represent the largest component for segment revenues and are the largest component of our base business activity in the segment. We consider these portions of our work as highly resilient and have not changed our confidence in their multiyear repeatable and sustainable contribution.  We think it is valuable to consider that although the COVID-19 dynamic did not exist during the 2015 and 2016 commodity price collapse and we did not own Stronghold at the time, they are our largest provider of industrial maintenance and integrity services today.  During that period, Stronghold was able to grow revenues each year at a double-digit compound annual growth rate and achieved margins within their historical ranges despite the challenging energy market.  We remain comfortable with our expectations to generate approximately $500 million of larger pipeline project revenue in 2020. Although additional project awards are needed to achieve these expectations, we are in advanced discussions with customers on several opportunities that provide us with good visibility. The timing and potential award of these projects is not currently anticipated to be impacted by the economic factors we have discussed.  Our other Pipeline and Industrial revenues represents the portion of the segment that is most impacted by lower oil prices, and therefore, we would consider to be the least resilient. This includes industrial capital projects, midstream work and certain less critical maintenance work. Turning to cash flow. We are maintaining our free cash flow expectations for the year, expecting to generate between $400 million and $600 million. While a reduction of revenue would normally result in increased cash flow due to working capital converting to cash as well as lower levels of capital expenditures, that dynamic is primarily being offset by the expected reduction of earnings due to COVID-19.  Additionally, given the uncertainty across our end markets and the broader economy, we're taking a cautious approach to working capital expectations for the remainder of the year. I'll close my guidance commentary with the belabored point that our expectations are as of today and are based on our ability to ramp to normal levels early in the third quarter. Those and other factors are not within our control and prolonged or reinstituted restrictions on our ability to perform services or the implementation of new restrictions for COVID-19 hotspots that may develop in other metro markets or even at project sites could negatively impact our EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA expectations.  As we described throughout our commentary, the combination of COVID-19 and the incremental pressure that's applied to already unstable oil prices makes it difficult to quantify the distinct impact each of these factors has had on our revised outlook.  That being said, we would estimate at least 70% of the change in our expectations can be attributed to COVID-19 related disruptions, with the remaining 30% largely associated with the residual effects that low oil prices have on our pipeline and industrial customers' capital budget and, to a lesser extent, the increased losses attributable to our Latin American operations. Overall, maintaining a strong balance sheet remains a foundational principle for us as we execute our operational strategies and navigate uncertain market dynamics. Our strong balance sheet has supported our growth, opportunistic deployments of capital and now will be relied upon for resilience through these challenging times.  We see the opportunity for strong cash generation now and in future periods and we will continue to prudently manage our balance sheet and capital deployment to maintain our current strength, provide stability to employees and customers, and to ensure we deliver long-term shareholder value.  I'll turn it back to Duke for closing comments.
Earl Austin, Jr. : Thanks, Derrick. Though we expect our second quarter results will reflect the near-term disruptions we are experiencing and will be the most challenging quarter of the year, we are optimistic that the activity levels and near-term visibility will improve as community restrictions ease and the economy begins to reopen.  As Derrick discussed, we have taken a prudent approach to our outlook for the year based on what we know today. However, we are pursuing opportunities in the marketplace that are not incorporated into our expectations, but that we believe we are well positioned for. And we are just as positive and confident today about Quanta's multiyear opportunities as we were on our year-end 2019 call just a couple of months ago.  We believe our operating leadership and employees are the best in the business and that we will continue to successfully perform through the current environment. Importantly, we remain focused on the successful execution of five key objectives, which are – focus and grow our base business; improve margins; create growth platforms through service line expansions in the utility, communications and industrial industries and adjacent industries where craft-skilled labor is critical to providing cost certain solutions; be the industry leader in safety and training by investing in craft-skilled labor; and finally, deploy capital in a disciplined and value-creating manner.  When considering our commentary about the repeatable and sustainable nature of our operations, we believe our adjusted EBITDA before the effects of Latin America operations and COVID-19 on our 2020 expectations continue to trend towards the $1 billion level that we have spoken about the last several years. Quanta was built for times like this, and we are confident in the resiliency and sustainability of our business model. Despite the near-term challenges, we believe Quanta has a long runway for generating repeatable and sustainable earnings ahead of us as we execute on strategic initiatives.  Considering our organic growth opportunities and the levers available to us to allocate future cash flow generation into value-creating opportunities such as stock repurchases, acquisitions and strategic investments in dividends, we believe Quanta has the opportunity to generate meaningful stockholder value over time.  As we have discussed many times in prior investor communications, our people are the heart of Quanta, and it is their hard work and dedication that has produced several years of record results and will be critical to our success going forward. I again want to recognize and thank them for their hard work and dedication during this challenging time. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers.  We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all of our stakeholders. With that, we're happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke, if we look at the breakdown of your expected revenue for 2020, given that gas distribution and maintenance and integrity are now big businesses for you, it appears a little more than half of the revenue hit is expected to come from these businesses despite them being relatively resilient. So, my question is, given the critical nature of this type of work, is this really just pushing this revenue and its relatively high-margin into 2021 and you should get it back or could some of it actually be lost revenue for you guys?
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Good morning, Andy. Thanks for the question. I think when you look at our business and you look at that piece of business, what we had is, in the quarter as well as in the year in our guidance, you had the light switch effect of cities closing. And so, when you think about it, when you think about – just take our New York business, that business, relatively 90% of that work shut down in that area because of the COVID-related impacts. And we worked with the governor, worked with our clients there. That type of work. We had to deal with the customer when you shut gas off and things like that, you're dealing with the customer you're interfacing. So, that type would shut down. What we have seen is that work come back and start to come back. Let's say, it will ramp back. It won't be like on and off. It goes off really quick and you start ramping back. So, that's what you'll see coming back in all the cities. It was not only in New York. It was Seattle, Detroit, others. So, that's the impact there in the quarter. And some of that is not going into the year. So, when you look at the total, it's majority of the second quarter is that when you think about the impact there. So you had that.  You also had lower fuel pricing on oil. And then you had the demand side of that as well, which that's more so what we're seeing in outer quarters. So, the original impact and the demand, and it's about 70% of what we're looking at is COVID-related for our guidance going forward as well as in the quarter, it's the majority of the quarter which is a light switch effect. Derrick can provide some more numbers on it in the guidance. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Yeah. Actually, I want to come back to a part of the question, Andy, on the relatively high margins. I also think it's very important to recognize that these are contribution margin type dynamics, not necessarily the overall margin profile of the work. When you have, as Duke mentioned, a light switch type event on the revenue side, the cost structure doesn't change quite so rapidly. So, the contribution margins become quite high because it's right at the incremental stage. As you deal with costs, holding on to costs because you think you're going to be turning around. And to your point, ramping back up and dealing with work on a more recurring basis in 2021. So, important to recognize it's the contribution margin, not necessarily the margin overall of the work.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Derrick, they can't really cancel this stuff, right? They can just defer it or can they just like a push, an inspection or something like that and not do it, right? It's more deferred than canceled, right?
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. When you think about our gas – our LDC business and our gas distribution business which is – we've given some level of guidance on that, well over $1 billion. That business, we feel, was very resilient. It will be in outer quarters.  This was just the fact that when Governor Cuomo decides to shut down New York, many of you are there, you understand it's shut down the city. And so, in certain cities, we adhere to the policy. We did keep some staff. But I would say, all in all, you won't see that going forward. We put in place PPE, things like that in the future. I believe those things – those crews and that piece of business will stay resilient even throughout New York. So, yes, deferral.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Yeah. Got it. That's helpful. And then, Duke, you mentioned that you still expect record backlog this year, which means you still have visibility to grow backlog despite the lower oil price and the pandemic. So, maybe you could talk about where the conviction is coming from. You mentioned some bigger MSA renewables. You can give us some more color there. But do you still see good opportunity for large transmission bookings in 2020?  And given you do expect record backlog, it would stand to reason that you don't expect a big hit to your oil and gas backlog. Is that because of the oil sensitivity now, the backlog really is at low levels?
Earl Austin, Jr.: When you look at the business, we still remain highly optimistic and convicted to our strategy. And that strategy is around the longer-term MSAs that you see on programmatic spends within the oil and gas segment or the P&I segment as well as the Electric segment. We're relatively intact in the Electric segment, which shows you the resiliency there. We've talked about the backdrop of the utility business. And almost all of our clients, 95% of them, their three-year capital budgets or long-term capital budgets have remained intact. You've had some push out maybe to year two versus year one, very little. But we see that business strong. Continue to see great opportunities in the programs there. There's opportunities for larger projects. The larger project piece of our electric transmission business has been robust, the bidding, and so we have not seen any pullback there. We talked about the fire hardening work on the programs being in the later half of the year, we're starting to see signs of that ramping now. So, it's all intact.
Derrick Jensen: One other way to think about this is that, when you think about kind of from that top-down perspective, we had talked post year-end call throughout that we saw – roughly, let's say, 10% of our business was kind of commodity-related. And that means that the vast majority of our business is not. And of that commodity-related component that might get impacted because of headwind to oil, we said that we found it very unlikely that roughly that $1 billion levels would go to zero. I think that you can see kind of in some of the numbers we've laid out here now. We've laid out that there is a headwind effect, but there's still a substantial amount of those revenues we think are still yet ongoing. So, there's kind of a somewhat muted revenue effect.  From a backlog perspective, what we'd say is that that component of the business is reasonably quickly book and burn, and so it doesn't represent a significant portion of our overall backlog. So much of our backlog relates to those longer-term perspectives that are more resilient. So that I think maybe colors how we continue to feel about the strength of the backlog as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. Glad to hear everyone is healthy and well. I guess my first question is short term. To achieve your guidance, what are you expecting in terms of the cadence of easing of shelter-in-place? Like, I'm just trying to understand what you're assuming there and just if you could talk to how bad April was. And then my second question is longer term and it's directed more toward you, Derrick, I guess. I'm just trying to think about normalized EPS for Quanta. Even if I look at the guide today and then I add back what was related to COVID and then I add back the $0.20 or so headwind from LatAm which is one-time, I think it's easy to paint a case that normalized EPS, with the backlog that you're talking about too, is $4, isn't a crazy number to throw out there, Derrick. So, any comments or am I way off base there? Thanks.
Earl Austin, Jr.: I'll comment too, in generalities. I think when you look at the business, Jamie, we've built a resilient business that we feel like we talked in the script about $1 billion kind of run rate on it from an adjusted EBITDA standpoint. I think you see that. I think we're convicted to those kind of numbers.  Derrick talked about the COVID effect and what it did to the second quarter margins on P&I. So, if you look at that and you think about it and you think about the second half of the year, you get some COVID one-time effect, which is, call it, 70% of the whole revision in guidance. And then, the majority of that 70% is in the second-quarter and it's a one-time effect. So, when you look at that, you're right, the run rate gets back to a more normalized basis and you have a rate base going forward. So, it's a one-time light switch type effect in many ways.  There's some impact on demand. So, there's a demand impact you have out there when oil goes to negative. You just don't know how fast that industrial business ramps back, but we have a really good management team there that will take advantage of some opportunities out there and grow that business even through this, in my mind. So, I'm not concerned. They did it in the past. And they had a record quarter. We have a critical path business there that's our base. So, I'm extremely pleased with where we sit, and we'll come out stronger. But, Derrick, you can comment on the rest.
Derrick Jensen: I agree with everything you said. And as well as, Jamie, I don't take really exception with your perspective kind of the multi-year. The Latin America, as we called out very explicitly, has no tax benefits. So, those things are fairly pronounced. We clearly don't look at that as being a repeatable, sustainable component of our business. So, the midpoint of our guidance, by definition, as you go forward, would have some level of add-back for Latin America.  When we go through and talk about the adjusted EBITDA, in fact, we did our best effort to quantify how that COVID, very much April, exactly as you called out, very much second quarter in total, call it, roughly 70% of the number. When you start looking at that component being non-recurring and our expectations looking at 2021 and 2022 being regular operations that would add back into that, and you start to really ramp up into the numbers that we're talking about. We would largely consider the headwind we're dealing with right now is kind of on the oil side. And we think we've otherwise shown up in the past our ability to execute through that. So, I don't take exception with your math.
Jamie Cook: Great. Thank you. Stay well.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Dilts: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Good morning, Noelle.
Noelle Dilts: Good morning. For my first question, I was hoping you could expand on the three acquisitions in the quarter. And then, if you look at kind of difficult market conditions, particularly with some challenges on the oil side of the business, I would think that some of the smaller competitors in the market might be under pressure. So, I was curious, as you think about M&A moving forward and the potential for some consolidation in the industry, kind of the markets that you view as most interesting and where you might look to expand. Thanks.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Thanks, Noelle. It was two acquisitions. Two small ones, I think combined, less than $20 million. One was a telecom business in the underground side of the business that we felt regionally that could add value there. And the other was to support some catalyst stuff in the industrial side of the business.  So, two small ones that we believe that the synergies and they support kind of our strategy. I think that's that. What was the other part of it?
Noelle Dilts: If you look at everything that's going on in the market, COVID and oil, I would think a lot of – some of your smaller competitors in the market may be under strain. So, where you might look to potentially acquire or expand if you do see some of your smaller competitors come under pressure?
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Thanks, Noelle. Yeah. When we look at it, I think we talked about the industrial business was able to grow the last time that you saw this kind of impact. So, I think we have a good opportunity there to organically grow areas. I would say we'll be measured in that approach. We have a real nice business, and so we'll watch it. But all around, you are seeing people start to get nervous about their jobs and things of that nature. So, we'll have opportunities to organically grow. There'll be opportunities for M&A. We'll be selective and smart. Obviously, we'll use our balance sheet like we have in the past, given the backdrop of what we see from a demand side of the virus. So, we'll be measured and conservative as we always are, but I think there will be opportunities when we look at the businesses. And we'll come out stronger, as we said.  I like our chances. I like what we're doing. Our customer base is really looking at big balance sheets and things of that nature. We've done a nice job protecting that. We're collaborating quite a bit on their capital budget.  The one thing that is perplexing is some of the smaller companies have taken loans and things like that. And I don't know the impacts of that. So, it's a little bit of imbalance from that standpoint. So, I don't know what the effects of that will be and how long that will last. But, normally, you would see capitulation in some of the smaller stuff. I don't understand the dynamics of the loans or grants, whatever you may call it at this point.
Noelle Dilts: Okay. Okay, thanks. And then when you look at the markets that were completely shut down, any chance you have that – how much those markets represented as a percentage of sales? And then, if you could just comment on how flexible the workforce has been there. If you could comment on – in a market that's completely shut down, for example, are you holding on to some of your folks in anticipation that those markets are coming back quickly? How do we sort of think about the underutilization element of some of those market shutdowns?
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I'll go backwards on it. The people aspect, we have a long-time companies. And I think this really – you see our portfolio and you see how we run in the field, decentralized, and we're very, very close to our employees as well as our clients and government officials. So, it allows us to stay very vigilant. We can go down and we can ramp back fairly quickly. We self-perform 85% to 90%. I continue to say that's the strength of Quanta, is that self-perform capabilities. We ramp right back. And I think we'll just go at the pace that our customers allow us to start that. It's somewhat of a seasonality effect, in my mind. If you take out COVID, we're starting to see the seasonality kind of where you would ramp back quickly when you shut off for winter. It's similar to that in the pandemic. And we're ramping back in a gradual step in some areas. But as we said, it only affected a certain piece, certain cities, not the majority of the business. The Electric business stayed intact. It is mainly the LDC and some industrial where people took different approaches.  As you've seen on the news, you see how states are opening things like that, our major metro areas where we had concentration in a few places, Seattle, Detroit, Pennsylvania, New York, other areas, it just affected us a little more. And that's the major impact, the majority of the impact in the quarter.
Derrick Jensen: And, Noelle, it's difficult to quantify that as to what percentage of sales because we do other activities in those business. A great example, in Seattle, we do a lot of electric work up there. We do a lot of electric work in the Midwest. So, quantifying like that is very difficult.  What I would tell you is that, as you look at the supplemental information we provided on gas distribution and maintenance, the pullback there, that's where you'd see kind of that market impact. So, if you saw those markets move, you'd probably see it in our expectations of gas distribution and maintenance [indiscernible 0:50:49] clearly. And it could be, let's just say, revenue-wise comparable to what some of the numbers that you saw in our expectation changed in the supplemental segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D. A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thielman: Great. Thank you. Good morning. I actually had a non-COVID question. And, Duke, this is more around the executive order to sort of blacklist certain equipment vendors utilities can use for the grid. Do they have a contingency for that? And I'm just wondering if that might mean anything for Quanta either in the short-term or long term?
Earl Austin, Jr.: We work with the clients on it. I have not seen – a lot of the major transformers and some of the communication equipment within your systems come from areas that the government has deemed – it's on the blacklist, to put it that way. I think for the most part, we've seen the ability to overcome those kind of type orders and move forward. I understand what they're saying at this point. In my mind, we're an American company. We're not really relying on the equipment that they're talking about to progress forward in our workforce. It's really the back -- the front side of it, I guess, what I would say is how the system communicates more so than the actual hardware and things of that nature. So, we're in good shape as it sits today.
Brent Thielman: Got it. Okay. And then, I guess, as every company is kind of looking at the cost profile these days, I'm just wondering if utilities probably look to tighten belts at least in some areas. Does that potentially accelerate the outsourcing movement? Is that something you saw coming out of the financial crisis? Just curious your thoughts there.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Every utility is different and every city is different. It just depends on where you're at on your pendulum mark. I think most have really looked at their capital budgets and said, yes, we're going to go forward with it. In the past, a lot of it had to do with demand. What we're seeing for the most part on that side of the business has a lot to do with modernization and things of that nature. It's not contingent on demand. I won't say demand doesn't create some issues for us. But for the most part, a lot of the things that we do and doing is we're shifting to renewables. I don't think that changes. We're not going to see technology stop. Electric vehicles is going to continue to move forward. All the things that we've been doing and been talking about really show up in this time frame even in somewhat depressed type demand. So, I feel good about it, and I feel good about everything we talked about. Our customers continue to talk about the long-term nature of their capital programs, and that's us. And so, we're right there with them, trying to collaborate to get it moving.
Brent Thielman: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Wittmann: Great. Thanks. I think my first question is probably for Derrick. And, Derrick, I wanted to ask about management of receivables, particularly in the Pipeline and Industrial business. Obviously, this is a business that has historically consumed more working capital than the other businesses and the credit quality of some of those customers has degraded pretty significantly. I was wondering what you're doing today to make sure that you don't get burned on the back end.  And in terms of things that you're putting in the contract, are you shortening terms on collections? Are you expecting prepayments? Anything to that nature to protect shareholders, I'd be curious as to how you're managing that.
Derrick Jensen: Sure. So, the reality is that – I think a major portion of your question is how much of that is in this oil-related environment, do we have exposure to things like MLPs and the like. And honestly, the majority of the things that we do still yet is with larger customers with substantial credit profile. So, we do go through and monitor that. We're seeing fairly minimal exposure, as it stands today, associated with anything that is with kind of lower credit quality customers because the nature of our customers are really again back on more of the higher quality dynamics. So, we don't see anything right now. We're not really concerned any more incrementally in pipeline than we were before based upon the backdrop of the quality of those customers.  We're always mindful of our contract terms, and we'll continue to be mindful of as new work comes about, looking at the credit quality. But right now, we have no incremental significant concern.
Andrew Wittmann: Okay. That's helpful. And then, my follow-up question, I just wanted to ask about the kind of remaining steps to get out of Peru. How much more, I guess, maybe backlog is left to do there to finish up? And how much more capital needs to be extended from you guys at this point?
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. When we look at it, I think we've sped it up in the quarter. So, we're really driving to get that largely complete this year and be out of LatAm, for that matter. We'll still have some ongoing legal concerns. We're still trying to opportunistically divest some areas and things of that nature. But I would say largely, this year, we'll be out of there and took some steps in the quarter to move it faster, not slower. It's our desire to move that quicker. And some of the COVID impacts, they shut down certain areas that just shut it down. And I'm glad that we had already moved as fast as we had or would have been more impact. It's our desire to certainly move there. And the legal implications there will go on for 18, 24 months. So, that will be going.
Derrick Jensen: Relative to the additional project demand, we have no sizable things left to do on the individual Peru project. Overall, in Latin America, we do have other operations than just Peru, which is some of the shutdown costs we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sean Eastman with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Eastman: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. High level one for me to start. I'm just curious what you're seeing from the federal government here just in terms of potential growth opportunities around stimulus measures and just this focus on reshoring of critical supply chains. Any kind of incremental opportunities you guys are seeing there? Anything you'd point out that we should be tracking?
Earl Austin, Jr.: When we look at what the government has done with liquidity and things of that nature, certainly, we see the ability – our customers are sustaining their capital. The current administration certainly wants people to work. Manufacturing, all those kind of things that would help with load. I'm not sure what will happen on oil pricing. And we have seen some rebound there. We'll just have to wait and see on that.  But really, it's a demand side. When the airlines get going back and the COVID part of that will create that demand once we get going back in the later half of the year. So, I think just the impacts of them, of the administration putting in liquidity certainly helps all of our clients and our customer base. It remains robust. We haven't seen much change. I think the opportunity is, if we get some infrastructure builds, the ancillary effects of those things certainly help us. Everything that we've seen from them and have discussed with them is to get jobs moving. We self-construct 85% of our business – 90% of our business probably at this point. So, those jobs are great jobs. And I think where we sit is in a really good spot here. So, we'll move that forward as they come out with stimulus packages.
Sean Eastman: Okay. Thanks, Duke. And next one for me is just trying to understand this industrial services piece a little bit better. What do we need to see happen for a recovery in the back half year? I'm just curious what was the driver behind Stronghold's ability to grow revenue through the last energy downturn? Just trying to get a sense for oil price sensitivity on this piece of the business.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. When you look at Stronghold, they are critical pieces of the catalyst replacement, things of that nature. Also, our high voltage side of the business, that's necessary. So, those guys continue to stay out there. It allows us a great base to build off of and to do other services. Those smaller guys, they can't stay. We tend to go into more programmatic type arrangements with them on turnarounds and things of that nature. We can be more efficient. We can do a lot more things quicker. So, they really look at time and things of that nature on a go-forward basis. So, we can really come off the strength of really the core and grow it here. It's pretty easy in good times. People don't really look at how their supply chains work. In times like this, people are really looking at how their supply chains work. So, they can become more efficient. We feel like we're in a really good spot there. That's why they grew last time. The second half of the year, we're not losing money there. It's just we don't have the same outlook as we had in the past. Part of it is the unknown. Anytime you're dealing with unknown, we'll take a prudent approach to it, and we did. We'll see where the demand goes in the second half of the year. But it's all based on refining capacity and things of that nature toward airlines, everything. So, when the whole economy shuts, it just creates that. We'll have to see how quickly that comes back in the refining business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Thanks very much. Good morning. Just looking out beyond 2020, you talked today about the fire hardening visibility picking up. At this point, do you think you can get that back to the pretty solid 2019 levels that you had when you look at some of the plans from your customers and their spending? And any other thoughts on things like Puerto Rico?
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. So, hey, Steve. I think when you look at the fire hardening and what we've seen recently in some of the larger customers, we've seen them basically look at their CapEx out. They've either grown their CapEx from what they said last year.  Going forward, I just think the spend has become more utility like. One of our larger customers there is coming out of bankruptcy. I said in the past, on past calls, as they come out, it will be more traditionally and we'll get our crews levelized in the west. So, I think we've done that largely through the first quarter. We've got more levelization there. And we'll ramp to their CapEx budgets that will start in the second half of the year. And that should maintain for the foreseeable future at very heightened levels.  If you think about it, like anything that we have, we can also work more over time. We can do some things in the back half if customers want to move capital budgets into this year or to next. So, we're able to move up and down with that. That was part of what happened last year, had to get a lot of work done very quickly. So, it created a lot of overtime and things like that. You could see those kind of dynamics happen in the back half. We've not built anything like that into guidance.  As far as Puerto Rico, we've said it before, we'll say it again. The opportunity there is significant, and we're highly optimistic that we're in a good spot, and we maintain that. We've maintained our dialogue with Puerto Rico. So, we're optimistic there.  It just shows the breadth of Quanta and all the opportunities that we do have. And we have a really good repeatable service business that would fall in line with that over the long term.
Steven Fisher: And just a couple of clarifications on some of the guidance items. What will now determine the upper end or lower end of the cash flow range? Is one, you still need that $500 million of pipeline work, when do you expect to book and break ground on that? And then, can you give us where you stand on the utilization of your LDC assets right now relative to where it was at its worst? Thanks.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I think we talked about April being our worst month, and we're starting to see the manhours move the other direction. We're in constant contact with our clients. It will ramp from, call it, now till it stops, sooner rather than later, hopefully, but we'll just have to see how that ramp goes on that piece. It's really basically making sure that the cities and – protect our employees and also our customers and users. So, that's the main thing, safety. And that concern is something that we'll look at as we move in those cities. And it will be a gradual ramp, somewhat like seasonality. And I'll let Derrick comment on the cash flows.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah. I think that it's really the growth dynamic. If we end up seeing the back half of the year, Duke just laid out that there were some additional opportunities that were there, that we at the time be prudent on it, to the extent that those opportunities are realized and you see greater levels of whether it be MSA, fire hardening, whether it be the utility dynamics. That would put a draw of working capital. That would be on the low end of free cash flow.  And then, as well as just what happens from rate of pay. We do not see anything currently. But to the extent that as we get out into the third quarter, whatever you could see rate of pay slow for some of our customers, and we've factored some of that in. So, I think that would put us in the low end of our free cash flow.  High ends are kind of the opposite. If the prudency that we've tried to address of that is the rate of pace stays the same, I think you start to see less pressure there, and you start to see a little bit more free cash flow conversion.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. We're not concerned with the $500 million. I think from my standpoint, we'll book that. And that's in good shape and it'll start kind of mid second quarter, and you'll see some ramp from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey. Good morning, guys. Congrats on Q1 and thanks for giving guidance.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Hey. Thanks, Adam.
Adam Thalhimer: On the first question, I wanted to ask on the electric side, how resilient do you think the CapEx budgets are going to be next couple of quarters?
Earl Austin, Jr.: They've all maintained pretty much their guidance and gave multiyear. I think the biggest thing that we've continued to try to feed home is, if you look at our customer base, they continue – it's not this year. They continue to give multi-year guidance. And it's different than it was previously where utilities were more demand-driven and that's based on power plants, things of that nature, new build, new capital. What you have – why we're confident, why we've been confident on the backdrop of that is most of the work has to do with interconnections of renewables, with grid hardening, with getting ready for electric vehicles, with technology, those kind of things. And that maintains. I think America will maintain that. We want that and it will move forward. And we see it. It's very visible. And every one of them maintains their three-year outlook, four-year outlook on that.  Our telecom business as well is – I would just say there's opportunities there really as dynamic as anything we have in any service line we have, and we did a nice job in the quarter. And I think you'll see that continue to ramp rapidly.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then, I wanted to ask on the – on Stronghold's business, this isn't a normal economic downturn. So, as the shelter-in-place orders get lifted and miles driven goes up, why wouldn't that business snap back faster?
Earl Austin, Jr.: We can always take a prudent approach to it. I just can't tell you – it's basically how fast does airlines get moving, how fast do we move, how fast does the demand come back. It's us being measured about it. And we can't – turnarounds can push a little bit. They can push into 2021. So, from our standpoint, we're doing the best we can with the shutdown piece or the turnaround piece of the business.  When you look at the Gulf Coast, we refine for the world. It's not just North America. And this refining capacity and where we fit in it is really the hub of the world. So, we have to make sure that the world comes back as well.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blake Hirschman with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Blake Hirschman: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Just a quick one for me. The free cash flow was real strong. The outlook good as well. It looks like you bought back a lot of stock. Is that going to be the primary kind of use of the free cash flow that you expect to generate this year?
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I think when you look at it, we'll be measured with our capital. We'll be measured with our cash. So, we want to make sure that we – this is unprecedented times. We'll continue to look at it, but I would say with the same discipline that we've had in the past. We do have some strategies around what we're trying to grow and things with our M&A. But there's nothing imminent there. There's nothing that I would say would be large there, and we would also be patient and prudent when we look to deploy on M&A. But, obviously, we leaned into the stock. We felt comfortable doing that in the first quarter. So, we've always kind of had a traditional approach to that. And I don't think that changes other than the fact that we'll be more prudent about it and make sure that the economy comes back and our cash position is in good shape.
Derrick Jensen: You've seen us, definitely, over the years move opportunistically in the buybacks. And there are times when we've moved opportunistically, we'll move sizably. As we look forward, to the extent there are M&A opportunities, we'll measure those through yet against the burden of how do we think deployment into our – buying back ourselves work because we always want M&A to be something that ultimately would create more value than buying back our stock, and we will continue to do that. And then, like we've said, we'll be measured against how that plays into the working capital dynamics, making sure we still position ourselves to be able to manage this. But we think multiyear is the repeatable sustainable business with growth.
Blake Hirschman: All right. That make sense. That's it for me. Thanks.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Dudas: Good morning, Kip, Duke, Derrick. First question, maybe you can elaborate a little bit more on your pretty good success you're seeing in comms business with 5G. COVID situation, the new normal, do you think we're going to – have you seen any evidence or expect to see evidence of ramping up or really pushing some of that work through maybe at a better pace than anticipated going forward?
Earl Austin, Jr.: We've taken a measured approach to it. We're getting scale in most of our cities that we're in. We have certainly some larger opportunities there. I do think that the amount – we've certainly changed through this as we look at it and look at the demand of data at home. When you're trying to have conference calls and things of that nature and you have intermittent fee and all those kind of things as everybody uses Zoom and whatever else we're using. I personally haven't got quite there yet, but I'm working on it. And I think you'll continue to see that as we move forward. And the data that's really needed there to get the right kind of interaction between people is the bandwidth that's necessary. Certainly, we've got a long way to go. And we'll continue to do that deployment across the board and we're in current discussions all the time with our clients on that end to build up broadband.
Michael Dudas: Duke, you've got to get Zoom compliant. It's the 21st century here.
Earl Austin, Jr.: I hear you.
Michael Dudas: My follow-up is, as we look towards a 2021 time frame, a normalization hopefully in the economy, in your businesses, can you speak to craft labor access going to change? Obviously, with big unemployment levels, but you still think some of the skilled positions might be relatively in demand. How do you see that playing out? And do you anticipate that maybe gaining some more folks to come to your colleges and get more involved in your business relative to the longer-term view that you have with your client? Thank you.
Earl Austin, Jr.: It helps us. I think it helps recruiting. And we're looking at young folks getting into the workforce when they see stability. It always helps us. Typically, the oilfields draw out people that would normally come into our businesses. So, if you see some decline in the midstream business and things like that, they tend to move back into more sustainable type businesses, which ours is that. So, it should help us in that area.  But I think we've invested quite a bit there. We continue to get people there. And so, I'm optimistic on our workforce. And the model that we have, it really helps us to be localized in long-standing companies in regional areas. People resonate with a logo that's been there 50, 80, 100 years. They get it. And so, they want to go there to go to work, and it really helps us in this environment.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with B. Riley. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel: Surprisingly, I don't think I've heard too much talk about Keystone. Could you address your capabilities, availability of crews and equipment, the possible timeline of Keystone and how that can play out as it relates to bid, award, construction opportunities, etc.?
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Alex, obviously, it's something we've – it's been around since 2009. So, we bought rights to fight right there with TransCanada with them. So, we'll stay with them. We obviously are in constant conversations on time frames and things like that with – we have capacity and we have not baked any of that into the guidance at this point. And I think the logistics piece is kind of moving forward. So we are seeing some signs of life in Keystone. I don't want to get overly optimistic about it, but that's certainly there. I do think it's one of those projects, is a critical project for Canada as you saw Alberta go in and support the Alberta piece of it. So, that's a great sign there in Canada.  So, I'm optimistic about it. It seems in this time frame that we've seen the tougher projects to kind of move forward. And I don't know whether it's because of media or coverage or things of that, but some of our tougher projects have moved forward that I would have thought wouldn't have moved as fast. So, I'm optimistic about it.
Alex Rygiel: I also want to thank you for taking the hard path of providing guidance. Very helpful here.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Thanks, Alex. Derrick and I debated quite a bit about it. I think it's the right thing to do. So, we'll move forward with it and give you better clarity in second half of the year.
Operator: Since there are no further questions left in the queue, I would like to pass the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Earl Austin, Jr.: Yeah. First, I want to thank everyone for participating in the call. I can't say enough about our employees, our customer base that we have that have been through many, many times that are tough. And we've made it through the other side together and collaborating. And I think you'll continue to see Quanta do that.  So, thanks for participating with us today and your ongoing interest in Quanta.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Quanta Services' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to your host Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Great. Thank you, and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year results, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2020 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Additionally, we will use a slide presentation this morning to accompany our prepared remarks, which is viewable through the call’s webcast and is also available on the Investor Relations section of Quanta Services website. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 27, 2020 and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release along with the company's period reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA, and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl Austin: Thanks Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. On the call today, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a review of the fourth quarter and full year results and 2020 guidance. Following Derrick's comments, we will welcome your questions. 2019 was solid and another record year, built off a platform that has resulted in four consecutive years of growth and record results across most of our key metrics. In 2019, we achieved record revenues, operating income, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share. Off note, we had record cash flow generation in the fourth quarter, which resulted in 2019 free cash flow exceeding our expectations. We also ended the year with record total and 12 month backlog and more than 40,000 employees. Importantly, we believe our strategic position in the marketplace remains strong, and we are well positioned for continued profitable growth over the next several years. Our improving results over the last several years and our expectations for continued profitable growth going forward are driven by the successful execution of our five key objectives. These objectives are first, focus and grow our base business. Second, improve margins, third, create growth platforms through service line expansions in the utility, industrial and communications industries, and adjacent industries where craft skilled labor is critical to providing cost cutting solutions. Fourth, be the industry leader in safety and training by investing in craft skilled labor. And finally, deploy capital in a disciplined and value creating manner. We have grown revenues at a double digit CAGR over the last four years. More importantly, we have increased profits faster than revenues during that time and have improved our return on invested capital. We accomplished a great deal in 2019 through successful implementation of these key objectives, and our past success positions us well for the future. However, we remain focused on getting better to ensure that Quanta continues to evolve to effectively collaborate with our customers and business partners in helping them achieve their goals and to capitalize on opportunities ahead of us. Here are some of the accomplishments in 2019. We achieved record revenues through the continued focus of positioning our base business for long term and consistent profitable growth. Base business revenue increased approximately 19% in 2019, and accounted for approximately 87% of total revenue. We accomplished this through new program agreements, increased MSA share, and service line expansions, and grew our small and medium sized project work with many existing customers. We continue to implement our margin enhancement initiatives for the pipeline industrial segment, which resulted in a full year operating margin of 6.7%. This is the highest annual margin for the segment in five years. More importantly, we see opportunity for additional margin expansion in 2020 for both the electric power and pipeline and industrial segment. We meaningfully expanded and enhanced our gas utility service operations through the organic growth and the acquisition of The Hallen Construction Company, which gives Quanta a leading presence in the Northeast United States. We grew our communication services revenues by more than 40% and ended the year with a total backlog of approximately $770 million. Our U.S. backlog grew 25% from the end of 2018 and accounts for nearly all of the communications backload. Importantly, we expect our communications operations to grow both top and bottom line result in 2020. We continue to lead the industry in safety, which we believe starts with train. We continue to incrementally invest in our training efforts through our Northwest Lineman College. We further advanced our new communications infrastructure and natural gas distribution services curriculum during the year, which is allowing us to get employees out to the field faster, and for them to be more productive when they get there. Additionally, we expanded the training programs offered at our Quanta advanced training centre in La Grange, Texas. In 2019, Quanta staff trained nearly 10,000 employees through various programs and began training initiatives with our customers. We believe our industry leading training and recruiting initiatives will improve productivity in the field and ensure that we have the very best craft skill labor. This enhances our ability to collaborate with our customers and labor affiliations on future workforce needs, and further differentiates us in the marketplace as a strategic solutions provider. We invested approximately $400 million in the strategic acquisition of seven companies that enhance our self-perform capabilities in certain areas of the United States and Canada. We believe our self-perform capabilities, which account for approximately 85% of our revenues, de-risk our work portfolio through improved execution, and results in more consistent earnings. Rather, our self-perform capabilities are key to providing cost certainty to our customers. And finally, we demonstrated our commitment to stockholder value and our confidence in Quanta's utility platform by paying Quanta's first quarterly dividend in January 2019, then subsequently announcing a 25% increase in December. We also acquired approximately $20 million of our common stock in 2019 leaving us with approximately $287 million of stock repurchase authorization remaining. These are just some of our accomplishments in 2019 that continued to move us down the path of achieving our longer term goals. While we are proud of these achievements, we remain focused on getting better. They continue to believe there is opportunity to create significant stockholder value as we execute on our strategic initiatives, which include continued margin expansion, sustainable adjusted EBITDA growth, solid cash flow generation, and improved return on invested capital. The electric utility industry continues to evolve and many of our long standing customers have embraced their sustainable and advanced integrated utility model with a heavy focus on electric transmission and distribution investment, increasing focus on renewables and gas distribution, as well as increasing ownership of pipeline infrastructure. Looking at Quanta's top utility customers from 2000 to 2018 and their investments during this evolution, which we believe is representative of the broader utility industry, utility significantly increased their CapEx and OpEx as they transitioned their businesses to an advanced integrated utility model. During that time, Quanta strategically adapted its business to meet the evolving needs of our customers, which has allowed us to collaborate with them and create unique solutions throughout the value chain that benefits the end users. Quanta's end markets remain healthy, and our customers are actively deploying capital into their systems to modernize, harden, expand and adapt to current and future needs as evidenced by double-digit base business revenue growth and both of our segments in 2019. Rather, according to the Edison Electric Institute, 2019 was the eighth consecutive year of record capital investment by the electric utility industry, the most capital intensive industry in America. Increasing system investments coupled with increasing internal utility workforce attrition expands Quanta's estimated core adjustable market. Quanta generated $7.7 billion in revenue from electric and gas utility customers in 2019. And we believe there's ample opportunity for growth going forward. To that end, longtime Quanta utility customers across our service offerings are investing 10s of billions of dollars to modernize and create a sustainable system for end users over the medium term. Quanta is having collaborative conversations with many of our customers about multi-year multi-billion dollar programs extending as far as 10 years, and how Quanta can provide solutions throughout the utility value chain to meet their strategic infrastructure investment goals. Quanta is embedded in the fabric of the North American utility industry and an important resource supporting our customers efforts to execute their multi-year capital programs that are designed to benefit the ratepayer. It is important to note that approximately 65% of Quanta's revenue is directly tied to regulated electric and gas utility customers, which is core to our business. Throughout our service territories, we are actively pursuing billions of dollars of larger electric transmission projects, which are experiencing increased activity. We are confident we are well positioned for many of these projects. However, it is the smaller projects, maintenance services, and everyday work that is driving much of our growth and backlog. Looking forward, we expect base business activity to remain robust, which is currently - which currently accounts for approximately 90% of our revenue guidance in 2020 demonstrating the strength of our base business foundation. Within our electric segment, our communications operations generated a strong double digit revenue growth in 2019 over 2018. Our U.S. operations accounted for the vast majority of those revenues. By 2019, we expect strong double-digit revenue growth from our communications operations in 2020 with upper single digit operating income margin on a full year basis. We continue to believe we can achieve annual revenues of $1 billion or more in the medium term, and believe we can operate our communications business with an upper single-digit to double-digit margin profile as we continue to scale our operations. We are gaining visibility into the to the 5G deployment opportunity and believe it is large and the build-out will take many years due to the density requirements of small cells and the massive amounts of fiber required. We believe Quanta is uniquely positioned to provide solutions that bridge the gap between wireless carriers and utility companies as 5G infrastructure is increasingly deployed on the electric distribution system, which requires significant electric line and resources and project management capabilities. Our pipeline and industrial revenue grew in 2019 despite meaningful less contribution from larger pipeline projects. Base business activity grew double-digits which speaks to the success of our strategic focus on the strength of our base business within a segment, including gas utility services, pipeline integrity and industrial services operation. Notably, the benefit of our segment margin improvement initiatives became apparent in our results in the second half of 2019. We believe there's opportunity to improve segment margins in 2020, with a goal of consistently delivering upper single digit operating income margins annually in the future. As I mentioned earlier, we have meaningfully increased our gas utility services operations through organic growth and the recent acquisition of Hallen. Gas utilities are in the early stages of multi decade modernization programs to replace ageing gas distribution infrastructure, to meet regulatory requirements aimed at improving reliability and safety. These modernization initiatives provide a visible recurring and growing long term opportunity for our gas utility services that we believe is favorable for our base business. In our earnings release this morning, we provided 2020 guidance, which we believe demonstrates the strength and sustainability of our base business and long term strategy, favorable in market trends, our ability to safely execute our strong competitive position in the marketplace. Our expectations call for continued growth in revenues, adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share and improved profitability. Additionally, we see opportunity to achieve new record levels of backlog in 2020. Our guidance includes the results of Latin America operations. We have completed a strategic review of efforts there. And due to the circumstances we experienced last year in Peru, and political volatility in other areas of the region, we have concluded to pursue an early exit of Latin America operations. We are considering various avenues to that end, and believe significant portion of this process could be achieved this year. As a result, we have highlighted the anticipated impact on our 2020 results. This is the right course of action, which we believe will improve Quanta's profitability and optimize our operational portfolio. As we typically do at the beginning of the year, we have taken a prudent approach to the revenue and margin ranges in our guidance to reflect what we believe are possible outcomes based on the risk inherent in our business. As the year progresses, we gain better visibility into our performance, project timing and industry dynamics, we anticipate being able to refine our expectations. Derrick will provide additional detail about our guidance in his commentary. In summary, Quanta end the year on a high note and continues to perform well operationally against our strategic plan, which yielded another record year results in 2019. Our end markets and multi-year visibility are strong, and we continue to see opportunity for service line offerings, expansion, growth, improved profitability, solid cash flow generation and record backlog as we successfully execute on our strategic initiatives. As I think about Quanta, the platform that has been built over more than 20 years, and where we're heading over the medium and longer term, we believe we have a long runway of generating repeatable and sustainable earnings ahead of us. Considering our organic growth opportunities and the levers available to us to allocate future cash flow generation, and to value creating opportunities such as stock repurchases, acquisition and strategic investments and dividends, we believe Quanta has the opportunity to generate meaningful stockholder value going forward. We are focused on operating the business for the long term, and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class build leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long term value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of our fourth quarter and full year results in 2020 guidance. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced fourth quarter 2019 revenues of $3.1 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $118.1 million or $0.80 per diluted share and adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure was $0.93. Overall, the fourth quarter closed out another exceptional year of operational performance for Quanta, a year in which we delivered record results across multiple metric, but most notably a net income, earnings per share, adjusted earnings per share, and adjusted EBITDA. I'll cover some items impacting our fourth quarter results before discussing our broader 2019 annual performance and our expectations for 2020. Electric Power revenues in the fourth quarter were a record $1.85 billion driven by continued momentum across our base business activities, along with growth from our communications operation, which are included within the electric segment. Electric margins were 8.7% and as expected or lower than target levels during the quarter due to permitting delays on certain larger Canadian transmission project, negatively impacting cost absorption. However, our communications operations inclusive of Latin America delivered breakeven margins for the quarter compared to upper single digit expectations. These operations were negatively impacted by two projects, one that experienced cost increases due to schedule uncertainty, and another that encountered funding challenges, which was reserved for in the quarter due to potential collectability concerns. Excluding our Latin America operations, communications margins were in the lower single digit range, and electric only margins were 9.6%. As Duke commented, we have concluded to pursue the orderly exit of our Latin America operations. As such, as presented in today's release, we have modified our segment reporting disclosures to separately identify Latin America result. While these operations do not qualify for discontinued operations treatment, we believe that providing visibility into their results will be beneficial and understanding the performance of our ongoing operation. On a go forward basis, our operational commentary will focus primarily on electric power and communications operations excluding Latin America. We will otherwise continue to report our communications operating results within electric power, due to the potential for the commingling of labor resources on future 5G deployment, as any utilization of existing electric infrastructure for 5G will require qualified linemen for installation, blurring the type of work classifications between electric power and communication. Our pipeline and industrial segment revenues were lower versus 4Q '18 due to a significant decline in revenues from larger pipeline project. Partially offsetting this decline were increased levels of based business activities, particularly gas distribution and industrial services, and approximately $125 million from acquire company. Operating margins for the pipeline and industrial segment was 7%. The solid margins for the quarter are led by continued execution across our gas distribution and industrial operation. In addition, we favorably settled certain outstanding claims, and while the favorable settlements positively impacted the fourth quarter. They represent the culmination of negotiations on projects with significant construction activities in 2019 and appropriately contribute to full year 2019 operating result. These favorable settlements help to offset negative impact attributable to wet weather challenges encountered on several large Canadian pipeline projects due to historic rainfall amount, as well as $10.2 million of impairment charges associated with the winding down and exit of certain oil amidst operations and asset. Regarding corporate and unallocated costs, amortization expense, deal cost and changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liability increase due to acquisition related activities and are responsible for the majority of the movement. Also of note, we sold our interest in the limited partnership related to the Fort McMurray transmission project in Alberta, Canada in the fourth quarter. As a result, we recorded a gain of $13 million and other income. The sale also allowed for the recognition of certain tax benefits, therefore delivering a total $20.7 million net income benefit or $0.14 per diluted share. We believe the success of the project and our partnership with ATCO is a true differentiator for Quanta and serves as a blueprint for future opportunities to partner with our customers and deliver world-class infrastructure solution. Lastly, concerning fourth quarter results, we had an exceptionally strong cash generation quarter with free cash flow of $581 million. This cash generation was driven by a 10 day reduction in DSO to 81 days compared to the 91 days experienced in 3Q, 2019. DSO reductions were driven by improved billings and collections with several customers that had negatively impacted DSO levels and prior quarters, as well as the collection of approximately $100 million of pipeline project retain its balances previously expected to be collected in 2020. Also contributing to cash flow in the quarter was approximately $34 million from the sale of certain outstanding pre petition receivables due from PG&E, as well as the collection of the retainage from the Fort McMurray transmission project discussed on last quarter’s call. From a balance sheet perspective, at December 31, 2019, we had $1.8 billion in total liquidity. We ended the year with a debt to EBITDA ratio as calculated under our senior secured credit agreement of approximately 1.6 times which is within our target range of 1.5 to two times. I'll make specific note that we exceeded a two times leverage profile in the third quarter, which we have previously commented we were willing to do with a path to delever, which we achieved successfully in the fourth quarter. Our total backlog exceeded $15 billion for the first time in our history, with 12-month backlog nearing $8 billion. The Watay award discussed in last quarter earnings call was a significant contributor to the increase from the third quarter. But as in the case for the revenues the base business continues to be the largest driver of backlog growth. As such as we look ahead to 2020 and beyond, we see the base business propelling multiyear growth opportunities for both segments. Electric segment revenues have grown to $7.1 billion at the end of 2019 with revenue from base business activities, including our communications operations 20% higher than 2018 levels. Included in that growth, there is a ramp in California fire hardening activities, which aggressively expanded in 2019 and more than offset almost $400 million of reduced revenues from larger projects. We expect those hardening initiatives to continue in 2020, but currently anticipate the revenue contribution to normalize at level meaningfully lower than 2019 and to largely be weighted towards the back half of 2020. Offsetting this decline is the expected growth of our remaining base business, which we continue to see providing mid single to double digit growth opportunities, coupled with some degree of increased contributions from larger projects, primarily associated with previously announced projects in Canada. In the aggregate, we see Electric Power revenues between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion, which includes revenues from our communications’ operations of around $500 million and minimal Latin America revenue. We expect base business activities to represent approximately 90% of segment revenue. As it relates to the Electric Power segment revenue seasonality, we expect revenue growth in each quarter of 2020 compared to 2019, with quarter-over-quarter growth in the second and third quarters potentially exceeding 10%. We expect first quarter revenues to be the lowest of the year due to weather impacting certain construction activities, as well as the back half waiting of California fire hardening activity. We expect a high end of our revenue range to represent greater revenue growth opportunities in the third and fourth quarters relative to 2019. We see 2020 operating margins for the Electric Power segment, including Latin America operation between 9.2% and 9.8% with Latin America contributing operating losses of $15 million to $20 million. Excluding Latin America losses, margins are expected to range between 9.5% and 10%. We expect the first quarter operating margins will be the lowest for the year, possibly between 7% and 7.5%. This 1Q margin profile is being pressured by operational losses and costs associated with exit activities in Latin America of up to $10 million. Additionally, margins in our core electric and communications operations are expected to be negatively impacted by the weather challenges and fire hardening timing that are impacting first quarter revenue levels, both of which will result in some level of cost absorption pressure. However, we expect subsequent quarters will return to our normal operating range, with margins increasing into the second and third quarters and then experiencing a slight decline in the fourth quarter. We believe communications operating income margins, which had been diluted to segment margins from prior period could be at parity with electric operations on a full year basis. Regarding our Pipeline and Industrial segment, revenues have increased from $3.9 billion at the end of 2017 to roughly $5 billion at the end of 2019, during which time revenues from larger projects have declined from $1.6 billion to $1.2 billion. For 2020, we currently expect the reduction of larger project revenues to continue declining as much as $700 million to around $500 million for the year. Although some level of incremental larger pipeline project awards are factored into our range of guidance our final net financial expectations for 2020 are not dependent upon contributions from the Atlantic Coast pipeline project. This larger project revenue reduction represents a significant headwind. However, we anticipate being able to largely offset this decline which grows from our gas distribution, including a full year of revenues from our 2019 acquisition of Hallen Construction and continued demand for industrial service. Overall, we see revenues for this segment ranging from $4.6 billion to $4.8 billion. From a seasonality perspective, we see first quarter revenues being our lowest for the year, likely a double-digit decline from the first quarter of 2019 due to the reduced levels of larger project revenues year-over-year, and normal seasonality in are more weather sensitive region. Revenue should increase sequentially into the third quarter, then seasonally decline in the fourth quarter. Revenues as compared to 2019 are expected to be lower on a quarter-over-quarter basis for the third and fourth quarters, with fourth quarter revenues potentially declining over 10% relative to 2019. The operating margin improvement in our Pipeline and Industrial segment over the last three years has been a focused area. And we're proud of what we've accomplished while continuing to invest in the growth of the base business. Larger projects historically have represented the best margin opportunities in the segment. However, as larger project revenues have declined, segment margins have improved, and we expect this trend to continue into 2020 even with the lowest level of larger project revenues we've experienced in the last seven year. We see segment margins ranging between 6.8% and 7.2% led by continued execution from our gas distribution and industrial operation. As we have discussed in years past, our first quarter traditionally has lower activity in our gas distribution business due to weather seasonality, which impacts our revenues and pressures margin. Accordingly, we expect first quarter margins in the lower single-digit, with improvement in the second and third quarters, then seasonally declining in the fourth quarter. We expect our corporate and unallocated segment to represent costs of approximately 2.8% of revenues, which includes estimated amortization and stock-based compensation expense of $71 million and $63 million, respectively. These segment operating ranges support our expectation for 2020 annual revenues of $12.2 billion to $12.6 billion and adjusted EBITDA a non GAAP measure of between $1.03 billion and $1.12 billion. This represents 14% growth at the midpoint of the range when compared to 2019 adjusted EBITDA with 2020 revenues currently estimated to grow less than 3% at the midpoint. With these operating results, we estimate our range of GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock for the year to be between $2.93 and $3.33 and anticipate non gap adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $3.62 and $4.02, which represents the first time the company has included $4 of adjusted earnings per share in its adjusted EPS guidance. We estimate capital expenditures of approximately $300 million and free cash flow between $400 million and $600 million. Included in our free cash flow expectation, is approximately $82 million of insurance proceeds in the first quarter associated with the settlement of two outstanding claims in the Pipeline and Industrial segment. Similar to recent years, it is likely that free cash flow for 2020 will be the strongest in the fourth quarter with potential uses of cash or limited contributions in the first three quarters of the year. However, various customer movements, billings and receivables, timing and other normal dynamics can create temporary and sometimes sizable quarterly movements in networking capital. As we've discussed during prior investor event our cash flow generation move counter to our revenue growth rate. Higher revenue growth requires more working capital to support the growth. When our revenue growth moderates our working capital stabilizes that cash flow increase. However, we believe the consistent sustainable growth profile of our base business provides for repeatable levels of free cash flow generation in line with our 2020 guidance and future period. Please also refer to our outlook summary for additional information, which can be found on our IR website at quantaservices.com. Looking back in our 2019 performance, on last year's fourth quarter call we emphasized the significance of 2019 as related to our 2016 strategic plan. Most notably our expectation of continued EBITDA growth against the headwind of reduced contributions from larger projects across both segments. We expected almost 90% of our revenues to come from base business activities, the highest percentage in a decade, which is the approximate contribution ultimately delivered in our 2019 result. Our strategic plan anticipated this base business demand and over the last four years, we've taken steps to position both segments to capitalize on these dynamic reflected in both our multiyear historical and expected revenue growth, as well as solid and expanding segment margin profile. The continued strength of the base business and predictable recurring nature of its earnings profile provided us with an opportunity in 2019 to further strengthen our balance sheet with a substantial increase in liquidity, offering more flexibility to support our strategic objective. During the current strategic plan in 2016 through 2019, we have deployed approximately $1.1 billion in M&A in strategic investment, and $513 million in share repurchase. While we acquired $20 million of common stock in 2019, we have approximately $287 million of availability remaining on our current $500 million stock repurchase program. Our first capital priority remains supporting the growth of our business through working capital and capital expenditures. However, we remain committed to the deployment of remaining available capital to shareholders through our dividends and share repurchase program and opportunistic acquisition. Overall, we remain confident in the strength of our operation, our prospects with profitable growth and a repeatable and sustainable nature of our core market. We've developed a platform for Quanta to capitalize on the trends driving the spent in our end market. And we firmly believe delivering based business solutions to world class craft skilled labor, opportunistic, larger project deployment and continued balance sheet strength will be the key to delivering long-term shareholder value. This concludes our formal presentation and we’ll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Dilts: Congrats on the quarter and the cash flow. So, first question is just a little bit of a clarification, in terms on the electric side of the business with the fire hardening headwind that you're anticipating. So, with the second half ramp that you're baking into guidance, is that contingent upon PG&E getting through the bankruptcy process and some of their fire hardening were coming back or is this work with other customers that you've picked up that you expect to accelerate?
Earl Austin: Yes Noelle, I think what you're seeing is just some seasonality in the business. And when we're talking about the electric side, we are talking seasonality in the first quarter due to the pull down of LatAm impact which Derrick talked about, as well as some of the crew moving in the West. Let me talk a little bit about it. I think what you're seeing there as we just have movement there in the first quarter, in the fourth quarter, that's not normal in the business. And if you go back and you look at what we've done in America, last year we were at double-digits in the Electric segment. Next year it will be at double digits. And for the last 10 years, we've been at double-digits on a cumulative basis. You'll see that this year, it doesn't matter what PG&E does or not. We're certainly working with them. It is creating some lumpiness, the way we move our credit it’s not normal. But, when you look at the opportunity that's there the $37 billion that I didn't see a note on I would have - kind of want to see that every now and then, but against PG&E, that they are talking about spending over the next decade it's significant. And I think we need to be there, we’re around the edges there. And it's certainly a great opportunity as we go forward over the coming years of our base business. So that's just a little bit of what's going on. So, to answer your question, no it doesn't matter.
Noelle Dilts: And then shifting over, into pipeline and industrial, the margins there have - I think everyone's been pleased to see the margins really start to come through there on the base business. One of the things you guys have talked about a lot in the past is that, as you kind of expanded the business regionally, it resulted in some costs that you then had to kind of see the volume come through to leverage those costs? Where would you say you are in that process? Is there still some opportunity there to get some additional leverage on these regional operations? And if there's any way you can kind of quantify, you know how much more opportunity you think there maybe, that would be helpful?
Derrick Jensen: No, I think when you look at those businesses, we've done a really nice job of creating margin enhancement year-over-year, even our guidance this year, you see somewhat of a 7 handle on it. I really like where we're at, I like it was a strategy, it was an approach - to be more sustainable and deliver those results over time. Our Northeast expansion certainly enhances that it gives us a nice platform there on that piece of work. And we needed that to really kind of go with the rest of the margins. As far as what the opportunity is, we've talked about getting them in the upper single-digits. I think that's still the goal of the company and actually to operate the whole business in double-digit adjusted EBITDA. So, when we think about it, certainly there's some improvement there. We're working on it. As you get scaling in those offices and we get synergies out of the northeast and the things that we're doing there. We really like the business and we do think it's sustainable, which is what was important to us, is that to make sure that that is repeatable and sustainable going forward. So, we like where we're at, opportunities are good and we continue to see multiple utility customers with large CapEx spends going out 30 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Just trying to think about your 2020 pipeline infrastructure business, you mentioned $700 million headwind from large pipe. I think you said that you expect the large pipe to the lowest in seven years. We obviously understand that ACP could upside. But can you give us color on whether you think the $500 million could represent a trough or maybe a conservative estimate at this point. Or if ACP doesn't move forward, we should still be worried that $500 million could go down in subsequent years?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, I think when we look at the $500 million plus and 5% of the business, and we talked about it quite a bit. But I would say, from my standpoint we're good with the numbers, we're good with the midpoint. There is opportunities for us to grow our larger diameter pipe, brighter than $500 million they're out there. Certainly, we see that as a minimum this year, we believe we can book that. I would tell you, it doesn't. In our mind, if they're not doing that they can do sub large parameter projects on low pressure distribution. Still, that equipment can be utilized, I mean other places, but I'm opportunistic on that. But what I will say is the business itself, if you look at it and look at what we're doing, we're really executing against the backdrop of utility spend. And if you go to Slide 9 of the slides provided you can see some of our customers and what the impact of that is both gas and electric. That's the backdrop of this company and 90% of the backlog is that and it continues and we continue to see it grow. We talked about it growing 8%. We don't need large diameter pipe to grow this business. It just layers on top with the other opportunities that are out there such as Keystone, Puerto Rico, other things like that, that would layer on top of your 90% base business.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Then Derrick - strong cash flow in the quarter $600 million. Well, we know you always have a strong Q4, but you did beat your own estimate. I know you got 400 million of cadence but did you do anything differently in terms of the focus on collections. And does it give you more confidence the strong Q4 that you will deliver consistently in that 40% to 50% of adjusted EBITDA range moving forward?
Derrick Jensen: Nothing unique to the way that we are operating the business. I mean, we did have some delays in DSOs there in the second and third quarter. We did say that we would have every expectation, we would see improvements of that into the fourth, maybe drifting a little bit. But we're able to achieve almost all of that improvement here in the fourth. Reality though is, is that you can see that it's really bringing us back into kind of just normal levels. I mean, we ran into about and 80-day DSO that's really effectively what we've averaged over quite some period of time. So I'd tell you that it's really returning effectively to just normal operation. On a go forward basis, I mean, we will still always try to strive to have the DSOs be lower than that and we achieved that last fourth quarter as an example. But as we look at 2020 right now, I think that we will probably still be having an overall expectation of call it an 80 day range, maybe a little higher, maybe a little lower if we're still yet able to bring some level of improvement into it. One other thing though that unique to the fourth quarter, little bit of - the strength of it came, we had some accelerated retainage collections as well, not just from the Fort McMurray, which we called out last time but we have some pipeline balances that we thought might drift into the fourth quarter of 2020, and we're able to get to the execution and work with the customer to get some of those balances collected here in the fourth quarter. So that was a little bit of an uptick there. But overall, just good solid focus on continuing to try to bring the cash in the door.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Eastman: Hi team, congrats on a strong finish there. And thanks for taking my question. The first one from me, just on the comment around the opportunity to achieve record backlog again in 2020, I'm just curious whether that contemplate some mega projects coming in, maybe on the transmission side or whether that can be achieved just through base business bookings. And maybe just some color on, the real big pockets of strength within those base business bucket?
Earl Austin: Yes, I think if you look at it, I mean, we gave you some representation of what's going on all of our utility customers are increasing their CapEx year-over-year to facilitate the modernization of the systems or the hardening of the systems. If you're interconnecting renewables and those type of things as well, we just see broad base the gas, same thing on the gas side of the business, continued spending to modernize that. It's just an ongoing thing that we're in the middle of, they have some attrition going on within our utility customers. It's allowing us to grow our business there. We are seeing an uptick in large projects on the electric side. The gas side remains, decent - our Canadian operations it's certainly coming back. We're seeing things there, but I don't think you need some mega project to grow from our backlog those ones that are announced in Canada are 24 or 36 months, the burn on them is not great. So in my mind, we can increase it through our MSA renewals, new customers, new service lines that we're doing organically. And just for us, the opportunities are out there that we see. We believe we can grow backlog in 2020 and beyond.
Sean Eastman: Very helpful. And one for you, Derrick, if we look at the free cash flow guidance for 2020, pretty good number there, just wondering if there's any sort of discrete items to hit that or whether things like, potentially getting some recoveries around those Peru bonds, et cetera. Could be you know, upside to the outlook you've laid out there?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, so in my prepared remarks, I commented that the first quarter does have a degree of insurance proceeds coming into it. Beyond that, though there's nothing unique and useful we as it stands we have not forecasted anything associated with the recollection of outflows for Peru and the bond. So the rest of it is just the dynamic - the way the model works relative to the working capital against those revenue growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Just starting off on LatAm and the exit, just could you give us some more thinking around the timing assumption there? And could that loss potentially be less depending on when you wrap it all up? And what's the risk that it's more and kind of what are the options on how you approach that exit?
Earl Austin: I think we looked at our portfolio going into next year. We felt like it was prudent to ring-fence, to talk about what the guide was and pull it out of at least give you some idea of what we're talking about there. In the first quarter, we're closing offices and doing some things like that, just have lease expenses on things of that nature. There is opportunity to call some of that back if we sell some assets, countries, things like that the business is in those. So there is some opportunities to call that back, I don't think from my standpoint what we see today that's it, you see it, that's kind of our look at it. We believe we can kind of close that down within the 12 months. We do feel confident in our position there on the arbitration. It will take 24 months or longer to get that money, but we do believe we will get that. So we were cognizant of that as we go in and start early and closing down LatAm, but it was certainly something that we needed to talk to the investment community about and ring-fencing and go on with the rest of our business. So that's been done. We feel like we're in a good spot there and we'll continue to move forward on the rest of the business.
Derrick Jensen: One additional bit of clarification is that, there are no additional costs associated with unique Peru project though. These are all just associated with the LatAm overall.
Earl Austin: And the primary piece of that will be in the first quarter.
Steven Fisher: And then just on the revenue guidance, clearly you had very strong backlog growth more than 20% year-over-year. It seems like the guidance should maybe a little bit better than the 2% to 3% midpoint growth. I know you commented in the prepared remarks about wanting to be prudent, which makes sense. Is there anything - that specific that you're concerned about incorporating into the outlook that you tried to kind of put a little more conservative view on?
Earl Austin: I think if you go year-over-year, the last four years, we've tried to be prudent on our guidance and we will continue to do so. I think, we took a good look at what we had and opportunities are out there, give you a top side of it. We’ve normally beat the midpoint and we’ll continue to work hard at doing that this year. The opportunity for us on the larger diameter work or the bigger work is certainly there. We're going to take a risk profile that we always have, and make sure that the risk - of those projects don't degrade the rest of the company. So we're doing well underneath it, we can grow it. The opportunity for us to grow is certainly they're past the midpoint. But I feel like as we start the year, we have some contingencies built in on our Canadian projects and things of that nature, like we always would. So that will press margins a bit on the Canadian side, but on a go forward basis. It really looks good for the next two or three years on the Canadian side, because we have that - those things there and I believe will execute through some of those contingencies over the next 24 months. But as we start it, we’ll be prudent about it. We’re also be prudent about the guide on big pipe. Look, when we look at it, we take a risk adjusted approach to it. If we win it, we win it, if we don't, we don't. We're happy either way. So but - we're after all those opportunities as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Nice cash flow and guide with a four on it Derrick, with a four handle. I guess two questions one, understanding your guidance is conservative and we're not assuming ACP is in there. Given the news, over the past week or so, can you just provide an update on how you think about the probability with the project moving forward? And then can you remind us sort of what type of ramp, what I mean that could potentially have an impact on 2020 assuming that does go forward? And then just I guess we'll start there, and then I'll ask my follow-up question?
Earl Austin: I don't think even if the ACP got approved in June, and I don't think it has meaningful contribution this year. I think it's primarily - in 2021 in my mind. Like I said, the opportunities are out there for other work, other - kinds of work with our utility customers. So I'm confident that will stay busy. And you can see the margin improvement on the guide there's opportunities past that like we said - our goal is to get an upper single-digits, and we're doing everything necessary to get scale all these offices and get us there over time.
Jamie Cook: And then just on the communications business, obviously you had nice growth there this year. Can you just talk about whether that business is requiring any sort of investment on your part to get ready for the ramp and just your broader view on how 5G ramps? Thank you.
Derrick Jensen: Hi Jamie, I think when we look to the communication business, we see the opportunity there it certainly there. We took a prudent approach to getting in it. We didn't go into the major cities. We felt like there was a lot of risk there. So we stayed in tier two cities. As that burns off, and the rest of the backlog starts to move in. This year I feel certainly that we can operate parity we're doing that in the field today. The opportunity is greater as we prove out our abilities to take on complex projects with these customers We’re used to APC, we’re used to permitting risk or used to those kind of risks within the cities and our offices are located all across North America. So, it allows us a real backdrop or the customers on the communication side to rely on us for the big programmatic spend. That's coming up on both small cells and fiber. So we're working with them, we like our opportunity and when we do think we can get into the $1 billion range like we talked about, and you know, in the medium to short-term here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research Partner. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Dudas: Duke, when you're talking about you mentioned about the hardening efforts on California and the ramp up that we're seeing in 2020. Maybe you could also elaborate on some of the other bigger customers or the mindsets of the utilities or the public utility Commission's on pushing those types of projects and maybe seeing a little more acceleration into 2020 into 2021 and beyond given there's a such visibility with that regarding in 2019. Is that still momentum there and are you positioned to benefit from that maybe better or better than you would anticipate?
Earl Austin: I think the company is in a great position as far as the hardening efforts to the West. We certainly have the resources and the capability is there its complex environment in California even in the West. So when we look at it, we're right in the middle of it, we're talking on a daily basis, the opportunities multi or even decades of work there. So, we'll approach it that way. It certainly starts a little slow and then ramp. So, we will get to some normalization I believe by the end of the year there. If it's not there, we still see the South East quite a bit of work the Northeast, it doesn't really matter where you're at. The modernization that's necessary for electric vehicles, just in general across our utility base is necessary. We talked about the 8% growth their CapEx over time and that's certainly across the board. And they also have attrition going on as well, which we're helping out there and collaborating with our customers. We like our end markets. We're in a right position. We've talked about it. We've shown the growth over the past four years against that backdrop call it $130 billion, $160 billion worth of CapEx/OpEx, year-over-year that's growing at 8%. We really like that as a base and our backdrop against it.
Michael Dudas: Well said Duke and my follow up is, as you're looking at your allocation plans going forward, you mentioned I guess $400 million in combined acquisitions I guess Hallen was a big part of that. How do you see 2020 as it moves forward? Are there areas, regions, skill sets, end markets that you're targeting towards and we'd be surprised to see something that would be lower than that type of number you put up - for that in 2019?
Earl Austin: I think when we look at acquisitions we don't look at them as imminent. We do you see some reports about building earnings and in the future on those acquisitions. We do not do that. We’re opportunistic. We have an approach. We have from our mind, a way that we go about it. The acquisitions we can't really predict when they come in. So we don't know what this year will bring. There's certainly opportunity for us to acquire out there to match of strategic needs. But I don't see - we will look at capital as I said before against our stock price to make sure that whatever we do is accretive against our stock. So that being said and our working capital needs going forward so the allocations haven't changed. There's certainly opportunities, but none of them are eminent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Hirschman with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Blake Hirschman: Just a quick one from me, on ACP, can you give us any rough idea as to what percentage of the overall job has been done to-date?
Earl Austin: Yes, we really don't talk about - on job by job basis and especially one that doesn't really drive anything this year. In my mind, I don't have a comment on it. We don't keep a track of it like that. We have a certainly a significant amount left to go.
Blake Hirschman: All right, that works. And then on the buyback, there's a good amount left under the authorization. Is there any reason to think you wouldn't be looking pretty hard at buying back your stock here?
Earl Austin: Certainly, we don't think the valuation is what it should be. In our mind, we continue to talk about what we've done as a company, what we believe we can do going forward, the macro markets, what our utility customers are doing, but 90% of our business is doing. So as we look at it, if we see the opportunities, you can look at our history, we've leaned into it. We have no problem leaning into it on a go forward basis, and we'll do so if necessary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Thielman: Yes, I just had one. I think most of my questions have been asked, but little bit more bigger picture. You've talked in the past about the number of utilities that continue to perform services in-house. And when you look at through your expanding presence in the base business, is there a way for us to think about how much of this growth is sort of going towards this outsourcing model versus market share over others, that maybe been established in these market?
Earl Austin: I think when you look at it, you continue to see outsourcing increase over time. Certainly every utility has a different model. And they'll always have some work for so. When we look at it, we just work with them and try to look at attrition, look at their attrition help them with their own crews as well as us. And so, when we think about it, it's a collaborative effort with the industry to make sure that we have enough resources, craft skilled labor resources on a go forward basis. Obviously, the attrition trend - the outsource trend has certainly been there and will remain, but that being said, they'll still do some of that work in-house over time. It is a big piece of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson David. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Thalhimer: Can you talked about the large transmission bidding environment a little bit with the outlook is for awards this year?
Earl Austin: I think, it's a robust even the underlying kind of not even a large where from our standpoint, there's quite a bit of work out there. We're seeing it. Its broad based across the board, the bigger transmission like I said, it's an uptick for us we're seeing bigger jobs moving around. So that's good thing good sign. We’re layered on top of the base business, but I expect us to be fully utilized.
Adam Thalhimer: Would you say that transmission biddings are better today than it was a year ago?
Earl Austin: I think, we talked about the bigger projects being more robust right now than it has been. So the opportunity is there certainly bigger than they were a year ago.
Adam Thalhimer: And then just curious the lack of pipeline awards, is that more you guys being disciplined on price or are projects just not out there?
Earl Austin: I think the projects are there, the opportunities are there. We will just look at it from a risk profile. We win them, we win them if we don't, we don’t it's not necessary for us to win large projects to make our number. So, we certainly price the risk. We see a difference sometimes and others do. I don't know from my standpoint, we’ll announce them when we win them and we have the opportunity to win a bunch.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard: So I think you guys talked about your large project pipeline being around like $6 billion, either a quarter or two ago. I was hoping you could give an update, talk about how that splits between transmission versus pipeline. And I mean, I realized that these projects can be lumpy. But, do you have a good sense for whether we should be expecting some of these to hit in 2020?
Earl Austin: I think when you look at Quanta, and you think about us and from a programmatic standpoint, and what we're doing on large projects, it's much greater than $6 billion. That number continues to grow from programmatic spins to just one off projects. They're out there. We talked about each time, we talked about Puerto Rico, we talked about big fire Harding programs 5G how we fit there on those programmatic spends. Those are things that are big in nature and the company's working on strategically, so when we talk about it, it is not a one-off projects sometimes it may be $5 billion of programmatic spend over 10 years. So it's not just one project. And I think that's why we're confident in our backlog, our backlog approach, and the things that we're doing as a company underlying on the base business, is just driving all that, and we continue to talk about the big ones when we win them, they're out there.
Chad Dillard: And then so for the Hallen business, what was the organic growth in the fourth quarter and perhaps could you just talk about how you’re seeing that business on a pro forma basis, as well into 2020? And then just secondly, just to clarify on the cash flow, did I hear correctly, basic cash flows are the negative for the first three quarters and then upswing positively in the fourth quarter?
Earl Austin: I’d let Derrick take the cash flow first.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, so no, I think that just the typical kind of quarter progression that we do see that it could be flat and/or some negative dynamics in the first, second, and third quarter with positive there in the fourth. Doesn't mean that we will be negative. It's just kind of calling out the same type dynamics we have a normal seasonality as per as the growth of the business, there's a tendency to draw capital.
Earl Austin: As far as how it goes, we're really pleased with the company and where it sits. I think from our standpoint, it's doing better than expected or at least on track. As we discussed in the past, the management team is phenomenal, we're extremely pleased with that and what we can do there from the synergistic standpoint, and future years. So we like it. We like the platform. We were extremely happy with that. And we should see that both through there on the P&I side in the future years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Hauke: I've got two here. So, first one, just I wanted to make sure that I had all the pieces together, was clarified in terms of the retainage balances in the AR. You guys made good progress. You got the Fort Mc and it sounds like you pulled forward a bit from 1Q. Is there anything still kind of unusual in the retainage balance that would be notable to call out and then also, what exactly is the outstanding receivables still from PG&E and Peru?
Earl Austin: Yes, so, no, I mean, retainage balances move periodically with us in a large project, and as you move forward the timeline those things are a lot of times get wrapped up into when you get to the final completions or each individual final billing. As it stands here, I mean, those things are normal for us. We had actually kind of a coincidental timing that we had both larger portions of retains, like go here in fourth quarter, but on a go forward basis, there is anything unusual or standing out and buried in the retainers balances of the normal work. Then on PG&E, we have about $5 million of the prepetition still outstanding and those things were actually not receivables. There's a component of unbilled. We still as every month goes by, we continue to whittle down on that balance with so much other activity going on. You know, honestly, some of that stuff just takes a little bit of time. I mean, in the grand scheme of things, but there's just a small little unbilled balances we’re continuing to pursue resolution on. And then relative to Peru, no new activity that's the comments that Duke had laid out, that as it stands here, we continue to look at that as going on it, we'll continue to be pursuing that I think for 2020. We have nothing in our current expectations towards collections of that, although we still think we have a strong case and we making strong progress through the year towards the resolution.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back to management for closing comments.
Earl Austin: Yes, I would like to thank everyone in the field, ladies and gentleman they are working hard for us every day and our shareholders they certainly world class craft skilled labor and management teams out there. So we want to thank them for what they’ve done in 2019 as we go into 2020. I like to thank you for participating in the fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, this concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Quanta Services' Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Kip, you may begin.
Kip Rupp: Thank you and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter results, which can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2019 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, October 31st, 2019, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release along with the company's 2018 annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA, and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investor Relations section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on social media channels listed in our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke? 
Earl Austin: Thanks Kip. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services' third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our third quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. We are pleased to report this morning that Quanta achieved record quarterly revenues, operating income, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted earnings per share in the third quarter. We also ended the third quarter with record total and 12-month backlog. Our backlog growth to record levels was driven broadly across our end markets and customer base, including through the support of electric and gas utility customers, incremental programmatic spending, and our communication customers' plans to push fiber deeper into their networks in preparation for the 5G platform. We believe this supports our continued favorable view of multiyear growth opportunities. We are focused on continuous improvement and accountability to our multiyear plan. We have executed well against our strategy over the past several years and expect that 2019 will be a record year for Quanta. As a result of our performance and the addition of several previously announced strategic acquisitions, we are increasing our revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted diluted earnings per share expectations for 2019. We believe our solid year-to-date results and these increases in guidance demonstrate the successful implementation of our strategic initiatives, our strong position in the marketplace, and favorable trends for multiyear demand of our services. We also believe our results reflect the benefits of service line diversity and our portfolio approach to managing risk, while enhancing earnings power. Our Electric Power segment performed well during the quarter considering several unique challenges that pushed out some revenues and softened margins a bit. I will note, however, that despite these challenges, our U.S. Electric Power operating margins were double-digit in the quarter and we expect the same in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we experienced certain production and labor challenges associated with short-term fluctuations in activity due to high fire risk periods and fire hardening initiatives in California. We believe this was due in part to the unprecedented demand for our resources in the western region of the United States and continued to work through these challenges with our customers. Because our customers' resource needs can change rapidly, we have taken a prudent approach to our fourth quarter utilization expectations. That said, we believe efforts to fire-harden the power grid in Western United States to enhance safety and service reliability in response to wildfire risk will ultimately result in significant fire hardening grid investment that could last well over a decade. In Canada, we experienced short-term mobilization delays that impacted resource utilization on two projects. While these effects have carried into the first part of the fourth quarter, we expect improved resource utilization on these projects later this year and further utilization improvements in 2020 and 2021 as construction begins to ramp-up on these projects as well as the Watay transmission project, which is expected to begin construction in the first quarter of 2020. More broadly, we see continued strength in programmatic spending by our electric utilities on their transmission and distribution networks. We are collaborating with our customers and providing solutions that include large-scale distribution programs, sub-transmission system expansions and a range of technology solutions designed to enhance and modernize the grids of the future, which will benefit the consumer. Quanta is increasingly managing large portions of these multiyear multibillion-dollar programs, which we believe are in the early stages and will be long-term in duration. Quanta plays a critical role in facilitating the technologies and lower carbon footprint of the future. For example, the implementation and widespread adoption of new technologies and services such as electric and autonomous vehicles and 5G require power and new infrastructure. And the power grid of today must evolve if it is to meet those additional demands. We are in active discussions with key players developing technologies, helping them understand the needed infrastructure and how Quanta can help execute their go-to-market strategies. As these industries deploy new technologies and continue to invest in the future, we believe Quanta will play an important role that becomes increasingly apparent to the investment community. We continued to gain visibility into the 5G deployment opportunity and believe it is large and that the build-out will take many years due to the density requirements of small cells and the massive amounts of fiber required. We believe Quanta is uniquely positioned to provide solutions that bridge the gap between wireless carriers and utility companies as 5G infrastructure is increasingly deployed on the electric distribution system, which will require significant time and resources. Our consolidated communications operations did well in the quarter and we continue to expect full year 2019 revenues of approximately $400 million. We ended the quarter with total backlog of more than $770 million, representing a nearly 18% sequential increase. Our U.S. communications operations are leading the growth and profitability gains for these operations. We continue to believe we are on track to grow this operation to approximately $1 billion of annual revenue over the coming years. Next year, we see opportunity for double-digit revenue growth for our U.S. communications operations with operating margins approaching double-digits on a full year basis. Our pipeline and industrial segment had its best quarter in several years. Revenues increased nicely, but more importantly, operating income was a quarterly record and operating margins were 9%, a meaningful increase over the same quarter of last year. The strong margin performance was driven by solid execution across our operations with materializing benefits of scale from our gas utility operations, excellent execution on our big pipe work, solid results from industrial services, and strengthening midstream activity in the U.S. and Canada. We have made progress over the past few years towards our upper single-digit annual operating margin goal. We know one quarter is not a trend. However, we believe this quarter demonstrates the profit potential of our pipeline and industrial segment and is evidenced that the margin improvement strategy we've implemented over the past several years is paying dividends. I think it is worth revisiting the key components of that strategy, noting what we have done and what we are doing for sustainable margins going forward. First, for the last several years, we have been focused on increasing and gaining scale in the base business and diversifying the services and geographies of the segment to create a more sustainable and consistent operation. The steps we have taken to achieve that include organic expansion of our gas utility operations, the acquisition of Stronghold to establish a leading industrial services capability, and most recently, the acquisition of the Hallen Construction Company, which further enhances the scale of our gas utility operations, particularly in the northeast United States, and improves the margins of our gas utility operations. Going forward, we will continue to focus on growing that base business, both organically and by opportunistically pursuing select acquisitions. Second, we sought to right-size and rationalize underperforming and non-core operations. In 2017, 2018, and 2019, we shut down, restructured and sold underperforming non-core operations and assets in our pipeline and industrial segment that were previously impacting segment margins by more than 50 basis points. Much of this effort is complete. However, we continue to evaluate our operations for additional steps that can be taken to improve this segment margins. And finally, we wanted to complete problem projects and focus our efforts on opportunities within our core capabilities. We worked through and completed various problem projects over the past few years that generated unacceptable results. For example, in the third quarter, we reached mechanical completion on a processing plant that has generated disappointing results for several quarters and has masked the positive results of other margin improvement initiatives. Going forward, we are focused on pursuing and executing work consistent with our core capabilities. We are confident that our ongoing margin improvement strategy is delivering results and puts us on a path to achieve upper single-digits annual operating income margin goal. We continue to evaluate opportunities to strategically expand our pipeline and industrial operations as we gain scale and diversity. We believe the result will be a segment with higher margins, less cyclicality, and high-quality repeatable and sustainable earnings streams. Though we have more work to do, we are proud of our accomplishments to-date and want to recognize the dedication of our field leadership to that end. Over the years, we have also executed on a strategy to mitigate risks inherent to -- in our business, including economic risk due to diversification. We have a diverse customer base with low customer concentration, a broad and diverse geographic presence and a diverse and expanding line of services. We believe our diversification strategy, favorable industry dynamics, and the strategic investments we have made will continue to benefit our results over a multiyear cycle. We are confident in our long-term strategy and are focused on generating a more resilient and predictable earnings stream. Our end markets and visibility are strong, and we continue to believe we're in a multiyear up cycle with opportunity for continued record backlog this year and in 2020. On a consolidated basis, approximately 90% of our 2019 estimated revenue is expected to come from base business activity. We believe we can grow those revenues at a mid to upper single-digit CAGR over at least the next three years. Additionally, we continue to pursue billions of dollars of electric transmission and pipeline project opportunities and believe some could be awarded over the coming quarters. While we provide our formal commentary and 2020 expectations on the fourth quarter earnings call next February, we currently expect growth in consolidated revenues, net income, adjusted EBITDA, and earnings per share in 2020 and for Quanta to achieve another year of record results. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model, and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of our third quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks Duke and good morning everyone. Today, we announced record third quarter 2019 revenues of $3.35 billion, a 12% increase over the third quarter of 2018. For the third quarter of 2019, net income attributable to common stock was $136.1 million or $0.92 per diluted share. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was a record $1.14. Our Electric Power revenues increased 16% when compared to the third quarter of 2018 to $1.88 billion and represent record quarterly revenues for this segment. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth for the electric power segment, which continues to be driven by base business activities as our utility customers expand their investment in grid modernization and infrastructure hardening, particularly in the western U.S. The strength of the base business in the third quarter of 2019 offset approximately $100 million in reduced revenues from larger projects when compared to 3Q 2018. Also contributing to the increase were approximately $50 million in revenues from acquired companies. Telecom revenues, which are included within our Electric Power segment, were slightly over $100 million with growth largely driven by our U.S. operations. Our U.S. telecom revenues have grown sequentially each quarter since the first quarter of 2017 when we officially reentered the U.S. telecommunications market. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment was 9.4% in the third quarter of 2019 versus 11.1% in 3Q 2018. This decrease is primarily attributable to the revenue contribution and solid execution in the third quarter of 2018 on the Fort McMurray transmission project in Canada, which was completed earlier this year. Comparatively, during 3Q 2019, our electric operations in Canada were negatively impacted by delays on certain larger projects as well as record rainfall across parts of Alberta and Manitoba. Margins in our telecommunications operations were mid-single-digit led by performance in our U.S. telecom operations, but dilutive to overall segment margins. Excluding our telecommunications operations, Electric Power margins were 9.6% for the quarter. Our pipeline and industrial segment revenues increased 8% when compared to the third quarter of 2018 to $1.48 billion. This increase is primarily due to elevated levels of smaller transmission and pipeline projects and gas distribution services, which offset a decline in revenues from larger pipeline projects. Additionally, third quarter revenues for 2019 included approximately $40 million from acquired companies. Operating margin for the pipeline and industrial segment was 9% in 3Q 2019, an increase over the 7% margin in 3Q 2018. The margin -- the improvement in margin was primarily driven by strong execution across both larger pipeline projects and our gas distribution services. Additionally, the third quarter of 2018 was negatively impacted by project losses associated with the processing facility Duke referenced that has now reached mechanical completion as well as challenges encountered on natural gas pipeline project in the northeast of the United States. The projects combined to impact 3Q 2018 margins by slightly over 200 basis points, but had minimal impact on 2019's third quarter results. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $16 million as compared to the third quarter of 2018. This increase is primarily due to a $9.9 million increase in acquisition-related costs, $4.6 million of increased amortization expense, and a $5.2 million increase in expense associated with changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. These increases were partially offset by a $4.2 million net decrease in incentive and stock-based compensation expense. Overall, 3Q 2019 adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, was a record $312 million, a 14% increase compared to $274 million in the third quarter of 2018. This represents the first time we have exceeded $300 million of adjusted EBITDA in a quarter and illustrates the strength of our portfolio approach. For the third quarter of 2019, we have free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, of $30 million. Cash flow provided by operating activities was $91 million and net capital expenditures were $61 million. Days sales outstanding or DSO for the quarter was 91 days, in line with the second quarter but 13 days higher than the 78 days in the third quarter of 2018. Continuing to impact our DSO are balances associated with the Fort McMurray project, certain balances associated with pipeline that projects largely completed in prior periods, and elevated receivables associated with two customers that implemented further billing modifications during the quarter. Of note, the Fort McMurray retainment was collected in full in early October and represents approximately $100 million of cash flow in the fourth quarter. Additionally, while billing modifications have resulted in elevated receivables, payments were received during the quarter, albeit at a slower pace, and no items are in dispute. Subsequent to quarter end, billing and collections associated with these customers is improving and has contributed to a positive cash flow for the first four weeks of October. Excluding the impacts described above, DSO for the quarter would have been approximately 82 days, higher than 3Q 2018, but more in line with historical levels, which have averaged 79 days over the 20 quarters from 2014 to 2018. Based on projected revenue levels for the remainder of the year, the collection of the Fort McMurray retainment and positive developments in billing and collection with some customers, we continue to expect DSO improvement between now and year-end. We did not purchase any of our common stock during the third quarter of 2019 and had approximately $287 million of available authorization remaining on our $500 million stock repurchase program at September 30, 2019. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2019, we announced our fourth quarterly cash dividend of $0.04 per share totaling $5.6 million. During the quarter, we amended our credit facility, which among other things provided for an incremental term loan of $687.5 million, and increased commitments on our revolving credit facility by $150 million to approximately $2.14 billion. At September 30, 2019, we had $80 million in cash and $1.87 billion of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, $1.26 billion of which is borrowed under the term loans and $608 million of which is borrowed under revolving loans. In addition, we had $347 million in letters of credit outstanding, leaving us with total liquidity of $1.26 billion. Our debt to EBITDA ratio calculated under our senior secured credit facility is approximately 2.1 times. This debt to EBITDA ratio is above our targeted operating level of around 1.5 times. However, is attributable to the acquisition activity in the period as well as the previously discussed pressures on our DSO. With the expected DSO improvement and earnings contribution from acquired businesses, we expect the leverage ratio to return to targeted levels in the near term. As of September 30, 2019, our aggregate total remaining performance obligations were estimated to be approximately $4.4 billion, approximately 66% of which is expected to be recognized in the 12 months. Our total backlog was a record $13.3 billion, an increase of 9% as compared to the third quarter of 2018 and 8% over year-end 2019. 12-month backlog was $7.6 billion, slightly above the third quarter of 2018 and an increase of 8% from December 31, 2019. Additionally, the Watay transmission project in Canada recently achieved financial close and Quanta received a notice to proceed. As a result, we will include the contract value of the project in our fourth quarter backlog. We will also include a large pipeline that was signed in October and was highlighted in this morning's press release, which we believe will result in record backlog again at year end. Our total backlog continues to expand as we capitalize on the growing infrastructure investment activity across our end markets and specifically, the longer term demand for our base business activity. Turning to guidance, given the continued strength across our base business activities and incremental contributions from acquisitions made during the quarter, we are increasing our consolidated revenue expectations for the year to approximately $12 billion. With regard to the Electric Power segment, we expect revenues for the year to be approximately $7.2 billion. On an annual basis, we now see aggregate Electric segment operating margin ranging from 8.3% to 8.5%, with the $79.2 million effect of the Peruvian project discussed in our second quarter earnings call negatively impacting annual operating margins by roughly 110 basis points. Due to the uncertainty around the timing of the commencement of activities certain larger projects in Canada and associated impact on fixed costs absorption, we now expect full year margins for the electric power operations to come in slightly below double digits. However, as Duke commented, our U.S. Electric Power operations are expected to exceed 10% for 2019. Regarding our telecommunications operations, we continue to see the opportunity for operating margins to achieve upper single digits in the fourth quarter of 2019, with our U.S. telecommunications operations leading the way with the potential to hit 10% in the fourth quarter. We now expect pipeline and industrial segment revenues to range between $4.75 billion and $4.85 billion with full year margins between 6.2% and 6.4%. We expect our full year diluted earnings per share to range between $2.49 to $2.62 and our adjusted diluted earnings per share to range between $3.16 and $3.28. With regard to the acquisitions made in the third quarter, their results were in line with our expectations. And we continue to expect adjusted diluted earnings per share contribution for the full year to be approximately $0.06. Our expectations for adjusted EBITDA, including the $79.2 million second quarter charge, now range between $904 million and $932 million. From a cash flow perspective, due largely to reduced revenues associated with the seasonality of our work and therefore reduced working capital requirements; we expect free cash flow for the fourth quarter to range between $300 million and $400 million, resulting in full year free cash flow between $100 million and $200 million. Due in part to slight changes in working capital expectations for the year as well as incremental cash paid for acquisitions during the quarter, we now expect interest expense for the year to range between $65 million and $66 million. We believe our third quarter results highlight the continued strength of our end markets and our ability to profitably execute across our operations. We remain confident in our long-term prospects for profitable growth and the repeatable and sustainable nature of our core markets. This concludes our formal presentation and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey good morning guys.
Earl Austin: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke, 9% margin in pipeline and industrial is the highest we've seen since I think 2014 and we know it's a seasonably strong quarter for you. You talked about the reasons why margin's higher now. but does this give you more confidence that margin in 2020 could get a lot closer to that 8% to 10% margin goal you have for that segment, given the positive mix that comes from Hallen as well? Is there anything other than weather that stands in your way for a significant step-up in that margin moving forward?
Earl Austin: Yes, thanks for the comments. When we look at the pipeline and industrial segment, I think what you've seen us, and we've been consistent over the past three years talking about strategy there to build that base business up, continue to be more repeatable and sustainable. And that's what you're seeing here, broad-based beat on the quarter. And I do think as we move forward, we'll continue to get better and continue to get up in the upper single-digit-type ranges going into next year. So, I think it is our seasonal quarter that is high for us. We, like I said, we executed through from Stronghold all the way through our big pipe, really nice quarter. It's something for us that we continue to see this. We've seen it for a long time and our strategy that we're making the right decisions in the field from a scalability standpoint and our expansions. How far we can go will depend on the markets in the northeast with our acquisition of Hallen as well as what we do when we book big pipe in the next year. So, we'll give commentary a little deeper there when we give our 2020 guidance.
Andrew Kaplowitz: That's helpful. And then can you give us some more color on the impact of Canada and particularly California utilization on Electric Power? Kind of seems relatively self-explanatory, utilization get better as large transmission projects ramp up. But are the utilities in California pushing off work there because of how difficult the season has been? Because I would have thought that there would too much work for you there now and the growth in that region will be the highest in your businesses.
Earl Austin: So, California is our biggest state. It's extremely complicated when you start talking about that amount of resources with the fires. And first of all, our main concern is make sure the safety of our people and also make sure that we're supporting our clients in a manner that's efficient. And so when we think about it -- when you think about these resources and resource ramp-up, utilization plays a big role there. And we're in fire areas; obviously we shut down some of the areas. We have some crew movements in the quarter. We've worked really hard with all of our clients in California to make sure we're supporting them all in this. I think this is a long-term fire hardening approach, somewhat what you've seen from the hurricanes in the southeast in California now with the fires even in the west. So, it's not just California, it's all of us. It has drained a lot of the cross-skilled labor resources out of the country into California. It's a big place for us. We're right in the middle of it. We're supporting them across the board. The quarter was a little inefficient. I do think that will work out. We've taken a prudent approach to guidance, but it's a long-term build there and certainly, something that we're right in the middle of it as we go forward with planning and things like that. From that standpoint, we really like the business there long-term. We're just getting through some of the strife of the season here as you see on the news.
Andrew Kaplowitz: To be clear, you're actually hiring in California, right? You can't get enough resources there. It's just all that's going on in there, correct?
Earl Austin: We're hiring across the Board. If you look at our employee count for the quarter, we're up 4,000 quarter-over-quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning and congratulations on the pipeline and industrial margins. I've been waiting for this quarter for some period of time. I guess first just to follow-up on Andy's questions on the sustainability of these margins. I think you said next year, you target or whatever, upper single-digit. I mean what are your assumptions on that in terms of is that based on stuff you have to win? And I'm trying to understand how much of the acquisition that you did in the quarter is also sort of really helping margins, or if any of this is pricing scale, so just more color there. And then my second question also as we shift to 2020, obviously you talked about free cash flow improvement in the fourth quarter. But is there any sort of structural improvements we can think about in the cash flow as we exit 2019? Thanks.
Earl Austin: Yes, Jamie, I'll out talk about the P&L margins. And we're not in a position to give 2020 guidance at this point. But what I will say is we incrementally get better. And I do believe we can operate in the upper single-digit margins the base business alone can operate there. So, in my mind, we continue to get better and we'll operate better. We don't know all the synergies are, but I know there synergies there an expansion in the northeast will certainly be accretive to the segment. So, when we think about it, that's how we think about it going into next year. It's too early to say how much big pipe we can book, but we have said on a consolidated basis, we can grow the company next year. And 85% to 90% of that base business over a three-year period, we think we can grow kind of mid to upper single-digit. So, we're giving you pretty good guidance on what we see from CapEx and OpEx of our utility customers, which is the very base of the whole company. And also we'll stack on the larger projects as we have in the past. And we'll be able to formulate what I believe is extremely good guidance going into 2020. We'll do it in February. 
Derrick Jensen: Yes, Jamie, relative to the free cash flow dynamic, 2019, we had a larger growth through the year compared to our original guidance at the beginning of the year. And as you know, the dynamics of that revenue growth is draw of working capital. So that creates largest portion of fluctuation for the extent going into 2020. Duke commented about confidence in consolidated revenue growth. To that end, I think what we see is that will have a very somewhat comparable draw of working capital historically. We run about 15% working capital trailing 12 months. You just kind of think about it going in 2020. On the aspect of dynamics of changes, DSO put a lot of pressure here through the third quarter. I talked about that as far as some of the billing dynamics. I think it improves a little coming into fourth. In 2020, I don't think that continues to linger. I think we'll be able to see improvements in DSOs more trending towards kind of historical levels.
Jamie Cook: All righty. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sean Eastman: Hi team. Nice quarter. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start on the Electric Power margins. So, it looks like you guys will actually have three good-sized transmission projects all running at the same time in Canada starting in 2020. It would just be great if you could give some color on how powerful that Canada utilization uptake could be as we look out the next year. Are you able to quantify what may be the relatively low Canada utilization drag on electric is this year? Or any way to approach that kind of dynamic would be great.
Earl Austin: Sure. When we look at Canada for the quarter, even for the year, they're somewhat down off West McMurray. We knew we were booking big work in the fourth quarter. We do have some drag in inefficiency with people and equipment and utilizations in Canada for even the year. That being said, I think with Watay and some things moving along there, it stabilizes our Canadian market for the next 24 to 36 months, which gives as an anchor to grow our base business and do some other things there. So, we really like the margin profile going into 2020 and beyond, which will stabilize Canada and be accretive to what it was at this year for sure. And it's continually -- we continually say and I'll say it again, we'll operate in this segment double-digit margins. We will over time. We'll have some quarters, we'll have some periods where it'll be 9.7, and you'll see it bump in to 10.3. So it's going to operate in that space. I've said it over and over and I continue to stand by the segment has over time. No matter if its large transmission, small transmission, operated in double-digits, and that's our expectation going forward.
Sean Eastman: Great. It was nice to see you guys close on solidly accretive acquisitions this quarter. Can you maybe give as an update on how the pipeline targets looks out there? Do you think we can see another Hallen [Indiscernible] transaction in the near-term? Maybe you guys prefer the buyback in the near-term, or maybe you want to pay down some leverage, any color there would be great.
Earl Austin: Sure. When we look at Hallen, it's a great company. It's been in business since 1935. We worked on that for over two years. So, that was u s and that team and that management team working together. They want to be a part of Quanta. We wanted them to be a part of us. They fit really nicely into our strategy. I want to say that our strategy is long-term and we've been working on this strategy for three and a half years. It's not a transformation. It's certainly something that's core to us to find great companies with the right culture. We're selective in how we go about it. Certainly, there's companies out there that fit. And as we go forward, we have a strategy. You've seen is implement it. You've seen our uses of cash. We'll be opportunistic on how we do that, both from a company standpoint. We do have some growth -- organic growth. So, one of the things we think it's a misnomer is our company, albeit we all believe is a management team of value, it's certainly a growth company in our mind as well. We're putting it up, we're showing the growth and you'll see it over time. So, from our standpoint, we'll continue to be opportunistic with cash and look for the best way to drive shareholder value.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Noelle Dilts of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Dilts: Hi, good morning and congratulations on a nice quarter.
Earl Austin: Thank you, Noelle.
Noelle Dilts: So, my first question, I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you're seeing strengthening in the midstream market. And I think you've heard more cautious views out of some of the MLPs and developers and just general concern that there might be a little more conservative of cash. So, it was encouraging to hear those remarks. I was wondering first if you have any thoughts on sort of what you're seeing in the market versus some of that commentary and what's giving you some confidence in the 2020 outlook?
Earl Austin: So, when we look at -- first of all, midstream market, when we look at our markets and what we're doing, it's a small piece of our pipeline segments. So, I'll just say just in our areas of the Canadian markets as well as some of the basins of that we're in on the midstream side; we do see some projects moving there. So, I think you build a lot of big pipe over the last four, five years and you will come back in. We said it all along you'll start to see midstream pick up to fill up the pipe. LNG exports and things like that going on. There's still drilling places. In our mind, you'll continue to see that midstream be there for the foreseeable future. That being said, we still see projects. And obviously price of all of things of that nature affect drilling, there's no doubt about it. It is cyclical on the drilling side. But the pipe side there's multiple projects. The opportunities are there backing up LNG and others. So, we're optimistic that we'll book our fair share of work into big pipe as well going into next year. And when you look at the confidence in what we're saying, we said it over and over again that we will building a repeatable, sustainable segment. And that was our strategy three and a half years ago. That's backed up by 30-year builds of what we're seeing on distribution side of cast iron, steel replacements, large things all over the big programmatic spends much larger than things you're seeing on one piece of the pipe. And from a permitting standpoint, from a regulatory standpoint, it's certainly more efficient for us and we can certainly guide better on those areas. So, those things are really stabilizing that segment and give us confidence that we can move up from a margin standpoint as well as giving good certainty that's a repeatable, sustainable segment. 
Noelle Dilts: Thanks. That's really helpful. And then on telecom, any changes on how you're thinking about the timing of some of the opportunity here in the U.S. are the trajectory of span? I understand you're a player and there's huge opportunity to grow. But overall when you think about the market, any changes in your thinking?
Earl Austin: No, the macro market in telecom business is certainly there. We'll be smart about how we enter areas and things like that where I think we play a unique role as 5G and the small cell deployment. As it relates to the electric distribution as it comes on systems, it's more efficient for that infrastructure. It's against density to be put on distribution, electric distribution facilities, we play a unique gap -- we bridge the gap there between the carrier and the utility, which I think that looks substantial as we go forward. And the fiber behind it, everybody's trying to get closer to the customer with data and I think you'll start to see the 5G platform as they develop technology and things that gets the platform, the infrastructure that we see today will not supportive. So, in my mind, technology and how it is forward will drive the infrastructure build as it has in the past. So, you're going to start to see that and I think the telecommunications and where we sit there, we play and I's unique role and the macro just macro market is good. We'll be patient and systematic about it. Like we said, we added 4,000 employees. We are really concerned that we made sure from a safety standpoint and from an execution standpoint that we execute properly in the field. And we'll pace that growth. I would expect the telecom to grow similar numbers that we have this year ex-Peru.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chad Dillard of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard: Hi, food morning guys.
Earl Austin: Good morning Chad.
Chad Dillard: So, I just wanted to understand the cadence in transmission business. I think ensuring volume to 2020. Just trying to think through the impact of costs absorption from Fort McMurray rolling off, but at the same time, some of the new transmission projects, large projects in Canada starting to ramp up. Just given that, I think it tends to be a more first half-weighted opportunity. How do we think about just cadence in 2020?
Earl Austin: Yes, I mean I think as I said in the past, I think the segment itself will grow. I also think it will certainly operate in double-digit margins or have the opportunity there over time. And for sure this segment will. Canada plays a big part in that. I believe if you look at the U.S. margins this year in the segment, they're double-digits. So, Canada is somewhat of a small drag, albeit last year with Fort McMurray, it was accretive. So, when I think about it over time, Canada is more project-based. And when we come off a large project and we know we are going into another large project, which if you look at Watay and East-West Tie together, it's over $1.5 billion worth of work. So, over the next 24 to 36 months when we look at that, we will making sure we have resources and we're making sure we have the people there that are qualified to start building that. It is somewhat the climb there allows us to work more in winter when it freezes. It's hard to predict when it does freeze. So, that being said, it will have some cyclicality from a seasonality standpoint. When you have breakups certainly in your third quarter, it's countercyclical to the segment. So, in our mind, it's very, very good for Canada to be moving forward with these larger projects.
Chad Dillard: Got it. And then just on telecoms, can you just talk about what you're seeing in the ramp on 5G fiber? Because last 12 months compared to the next 12 months will look like in terms of your revenue growth keeping all that stuff?
Earl Austin: I think 5G is a platform. As you look at that platform and what it can do, it's really -- latency goes way down. High speeds as software develops against that and other things develop against that, you'll see more and more fiber. Everyone will want to get closer to the customer. And we continue to see that and the infrastructure in place today won't support the platform. So, what you'll see as you continue to see our carriers develop the infrastructure behind the platform and that's what we see today. How fast they do it will depend on demand and as you see people want more demand, high-speed, we certainly think the generation that people want readily available data and that will only happen with the platform and the amount of fiber in data centers and things like that are in place to get to the customer quicker. So, it will continue to move forward. I think the denser it gets into the communities and into the suburbia will only broaden out the amount of work we do.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blake Hirschman with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Blake Hirschman: Yes, good morning guys.
Earl Austin: Good morning.
Blake Hirschman: Apologies if I missed it. But is there any update to kind of call out on the situation down in Peru. Has anything really changed since the last call?
Earl Austin: So, I think we were silent by design. It's really from our standpoint; we said we believe we ring-fenced it. We're certainly in conversations with the government there. We stay in conversations. We're handing over the network as promised. We are doing everything from our standpoint to put us on the right side of that situation. I do believe that we have not seen anything there that would change at all our position. We still feel very comfortable in what we've done there on and on the right side of the law and what our contract says. We're in very good shape. I would say the geopolitical environment in LatAm is ever-changing. And we assess -- we continue to assess and ring fence it. The work we have there is small in nature and nothing would be material other than what we already talked about. We think we're handing over the Peruvian network like we're supposed to do. So, we feel comfortable just we'll continue to work with the government and do the right thing there. So, we're in conversations. I would just say nothing's changed financially there in my mind or from a risk standpoint, other than we continue to derisk the segment -- that division.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. And on capital allocation, it doesn't look like you bought back any stock in the quarter and haven't really done much year-to-date either. Just curious is that due to just you're pretty close on these deals and ended up closing it in September?
Earl Austin: That's right. I mean I think its sources and uses of capital. We knew we were very close, to close in some acquisitions we thought, in our mind, we'll be accretive going forward. So that was where we chose to deploy capital. We are a couple of turns there. We're two turns. We want to delever and I think you'll see us do that over the next few quarters. Derrick, any comment?
Derrick Jensen: No, nothing.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey Duke, can you give us a better sense for the fire hardening opportunity from the west. Big picture if you think about it in next five to 10 years, what that could mean for Quanta? 
Earl Austin: Look, I think when you look at it; it's hard to say what's going on there today. It's difficult for not only the consumer but the utilities to try to get their hands around what is expected and what's the expectation. It's an older grid. It needs to be modernized, we said that in the past and I think that remains. The output is a large piece of our business in California. It depends on what they do if they start to turn around and things like that, it could really expand other than what it is, it's a large multiyear-type build. And as that -- I think it needs to stabilize for us to be able to predict. And it has now stabilized at all yet. So, I think when it stabilizes, we'll know more about what to look for from a CapEx spend. But if you look at our customer base there, they've all announced large fire hardening programs in the last. It's not just California. It's your western states and that's consistent. And when we think about it, it's a large build. I don't know how to put a number on it at this point, other than to say if you look at what's happened from a storm hardening standpoint in the south and southeast, even in the Eastern Seaboard, it's bigger than that.
Adam Thalhimer: I guess I don't understand this. When you talk about stabilization, you're talking about the stabilization of one large customer or are people still trying to figure out how to deal with the problem?
Earl Austin: I think it's you have a large customer in California that covers a lot of the state. But it's multiple states, multiple issues on fire and just in general. It's similar to what you saw with hurricanes when hurricanes came through. Its wind events, fire events. You can call it climate change, I'm not sure. But what I would say is the fires are more violent. They're causing more issues in California and in the West. So, that being said, like you've seen on hurricanes, it's the same type of dynamic you have to go back in and take infrastructure that was put in 50, 60 years ago and modernize it for today's environment. And that -- we haven't done a lot of that in the West, so you'll start to see that as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alex Rygiel with B. Riley. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you. Good morning. Nice quarter. Can you remind us what you think the free cash flow -- power of free cash flow generation is with your asset base today? And maybe if you can identify the top three uses in 2020?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, what we talked about is the growth of the base business. We continue to think that is a big driver of more repeatable, sustainable EBITDA and repeatable, sustainable cash flow. As growth levels even at mid-single-digit on a go-forward basis on base business, at -- with those types of expectations, that would be different than just kind of double-digit growth we've had over the last several years. We still have the opportunity for that, but when we look at about a more mid-level percentage of that growth, it gives opportunity for cash flow. I think you're looking at something along the lines of -- we talked about kind of 40% EBITDA level, 40% to 50%. The drivers of growth, we look at how we lean into growth is always the number one place we end up putting into working capital and impacts free cash flow. CapEx, we continue to be fairly capital-intensive. This year, we're going to have CapEx around $265 million. If I look forward, I think I would tell you somewhere in the $275 million to $300 million-type level. And then this year with the aspect of some of these delays in billing, it puts a little bit of pressure on that. I still as I said in earlier comments with Jamie, I think those will ease up a bit, and we'll be able to see DSOs trending back down to closer to historical levels. And so to that end, -- we have the opportunity to finish very strong free cash flow over time. Pinpoint at any individual year is always challenging for us. The starts and stops of projects, seasonal dynamics most, specifically how the storm events happen particular fourth quarter is an example, can put pushes and pulls and so we want to be mindful of those fluctuations.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. So, these MSAs are an important part of your recurring revenues. So, I'm just curious what your funnel of new MSA agreements look like over the next few quarters for bookings opportunities. How many existing ones you have that are expiring, and how many new bids are coming up for a decision, et cetera, beyond what you have already reported for Q4.
Earl Austin: I think when look at it as part of the base business; we don't necessarily track MSAs to that level. And so when you look at it, it ebbs and flows. It just depends. Some can extend for a year, some can extend for three. It's difficult for us to pinpoint that. What we will say is when you think about 90% of the business, a lot of that is made up of MSAs. And what we're saying there is it will go mid to upper single-digits for the foreseeable future. So, you can see that we're booking quite a bit of MSA were going forward. We talked in the past about us, our top 20 customers there in the utility space being very sticky. And I think that remains and we're adding customers from programmatic spending and things of that nature across the Board.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then just maybe frame what the bookings could be in Q4 from Watay and the MSA and then how much backlog was added in the third quarter from M&A.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, the M&A is roughly call it 600, 650 in total with about 400, 450 of that being kind of 12-month. And then from the standpoint of projects in the fourth quarter, we targeted in aggregate, it's over $1 billion.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from the line of Michael Dudas with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Dudas: Good morning. Sorry about last night and thanks for squeezing me in.
Earl Austin: Well, it happens.
Michael Dudas: Just looking at going to 2020 given where your labor force stands today and again given the issues in California and shifting and moving and such, how do you feel relative to your current base of labor? What you think you might need to meet what your growth expectations are likely to be in 2020 and beyond? And is the utilization effort of that labor going to be additive to some margin improvement in both segments in 2020?
Earl Austin: I think when you look at it and when we think about it we've invested over $100 million over the past five years or so in labor and our labor force. We're very proud of that. And that's what we specialize in, this craft-skilled labor and understand the markets, we understand labor in general. And it's a collaborative approach with our trade association unions, whatever it may be. So, I think we stood in a very nice spot to continue to access labor, train labor, get it in the field quicker, get to market quicker and be more efficient with some other things we've done with our curriculums, our colleges, things like that. I think you'll continue to see us get more efficient on organic growth. You'll start to see it in the pipe side, the telecom side. Certainly in the power side, we continue to believe we'll operate in double-digits. Every once in a while when you have big movements and Canadian softness there on some of those larger projects, and we're sitting on some labor, we're a little inefficient, but over time, I think that's the right way to look at it. And if you look at double-digit kind of margins and the margin profile with the growth behind it, it's certainly something that we think we're doing a really nice job of it. It's very core to our strategy moving forward. And you continue to see us evolve and get better there on a daily basis. So, I like where we're at. I like what we're doing. And I think we'll only get better as we move into the next three to five years.
Michael Dudas: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bill Newby with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Newby: Thanks and good morning. Congrats again on a great quarter guys.
Earl Austin: Thanks.
Bill Newby: Just a couple more follow-ups on the pipeline business. I mean really good growth there, especially relative to what you guys were alluding to earlier this year. I mean, Duke, you noted the areas of strength. But I guess relative to what you guys were seeing three months ago, where's the biggest variances in the activity levels that you're seeing?
Earl Austin: Look again I think from our standpoint, our utility business in that area has certainly exceeded our expectations from our standpoint, from a broad-based beat there. We did really well with the whole segment. We did execute well in some pipe. Those projects were certainly -- have contingencies in. We worked through some of that in the quarter; it was a nice broad-based beat. And I think going forward we continue to see that base business both from an industrial standpoint, our distribution standpoint, continue to evolve, continue to enhance our margins, to stabilize it, and restack on large projects, which we'll talk about in February. So, we really like the seven. It's been a long-term strategy. I'm really proud of what we've done there. It wasn't easy. We certainly were hard at it. And our guys in the field and leadership should really be commended, because it's coming together and we really like what we see.
Bill Newby: Great. And then I guess as you get in the fourth quarter here on Stronghold, what are you seeing in turnaround activity? Activity in the Gulf, I think there's a pretty tough comp relative to last year. So, any thoughts there?
Earl Austin: I think when you look at Stronghold; they're doing very, very well in what they're doing. Obviously, some of the quarterly dynamics quarter-over-quarter are there. We like where they sit. We think they're doing a nice job. Some consolidation going on within that space, but very accretive to the margin profile, doing very well and quarter-over-quarter honestly, not really looking at it from that standpoint. Long-term on a yearly basis, they exceed our expectations.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I'll turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Earl Austin: First, I'd like to say the California's strife there and the fires there for our people and the people that's affected; we certainly stand behind them and our customers. It's not an easy place to be. So, we want to make sure that we help them and collaborate with our customers there. And for all the people, 46,000-plus that are in the field, we want to commend them on the safety and things they're doing to make this company great. It's their company as well, so we want to commend them. And thank you all for participating in our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. Today's call has concluded. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kip Rupp, VP, Investor Relations.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter results, which can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2019 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 1, 2019, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release, along with the company's 2018 annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investors & Media section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our second quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. This morning, we reported record consolidated second quarter revenues, as well as our highest ever quarterly Electric Power segment revenue. Our record quarter backlog of $12.8 billion bodes well for our expectations this year and opportunity for multiyear growth, and continues to be driven primarily by incremental growth of programmatic spending. It is noteworthy that we achieve the $11 billion in backlog for the first time at the end of 2017. And in only 1.5 years, we have grown our backlog to more than 14% to the record level we reported this morning.  We believe there is opportunity to add significant new backlog over the coming quarters from several larger electric transmission and pipeline projects. Also, we see multiyear, multibillion-dollar fire hardening programs coming for 2020 and 2021 that are not reflected in our backlog due to the current difficulty of quantifying the specifics of scope and timing. Before I provide my operational and strategic commentary, I wanted to touch on the charge we took in the second quarter. On our last earnings conference call and in subsequent investor conference webcasts, we discussed that projects dispute with an agency at the Peruvian government regarding certain fiber-optic networks that the Quanta subsidiary in Peru had been constructing for them under our previously awarded concession arrangement. As discussed in our press release this morning, we believe the contracts for the project were wrongfully terminated, that performance and payment bonds totaling $112 million were wrongfully called and that the Peruvian governmental agency is not entitled to the alleged amount of liquidated damages. As of the date of the contract termination and prior to calling the bonds, Quanta's subsidiary had incurred approximately $157 million of construction cost for the projects and had received approximately $100 million in payments. That means after returning the project to the customer, as required by the contracts and which is expected to occur before year-end, the agency of the Peruvian government will possess the as-completed fiber build and more money from the bond proceeds that it has paid Quanta under the project contracts. We believe that represents an abuse of power and unfair treatment by the agency of the Peruvian government, and that their actions have provided them with unjust enrichment. Our Peruvian subsidiary has filed for arbitration and intends to vigorously pursue its claims related to these matters, as well as claims relating to payment for completed work and lost income for future operation and maintenance of the assets.  Quanta's primary end markets in operations are performing well and have strong, multiyear growth opportunities. While we originally entered select Latin American markets based on attractive opportunities for Quanta to support our North American customers, those opportunities must also be favorable to margins with an attractive risk/reward profile. To that end, we are evaluating our strategy and relevant opportunities for our existing Latin American operations. Furthermore, this incident distracts from another strong quarter in which we had continued robust base business activity in our core markets and other [indiscernible] year-over-year margin improvements in all our primary service offerings. Turning to our broader operating results. Our Electric Power operations have performed well during the first half of this year from both the revenue and margin perspectives. We expect our electric operations revenues to increase during the second half of this year, while also maintaining double-digit margins, driven primarily by broad base business strength through supporting the growing CapEx and OpEx programs of our utility customers.  Several devastating hurricanes and other severe weather events over the last 7 years in the United States has spared large, multiyear and multibillion-dollar storm hardening initiatives. However, there is more than a decade of significant additional investment required. For example, the State of Florida recently signed into legislation that requires utilities to create 10-year hardening plans that will call for more undergrounding in steel and concrete structures. As a result, one of our customers has said that he believes that the undergrounding of distribution laterals represents a $25 billion to $35 billion incremental capital investment opportunity over the next 20 to 30 years. In the near term, this utility expects to invest between $11.5 billion and $13.5 billion in transmission and distribution projects through 2022, which includes $3 billion to $4 billion for storm hardening.  Using storm hardening initiatives as a proxy, we believe the fire hardening initiatives in the Western United States are just the beginning. It remained active for 2 decades or more and could require tens of billions of dollars of investment.  Earlier this year, the California Public Utility Commission required the 3 major California utilities to file their 2019 wildfire safety plans, which detailed approximately $4 billion of incremental strategic investments in the near term, aimed at reducing fire risk and preventing future wildfires in the state. We are currently working with multiple utilities to that end and believe these large multiyear fire hardening programs are still in the early stages. We are also seeing larger electric transmission projects being planned due to load growth in certain areas of the United States, driven by data centers, LNG export, industrial facilities and hydrocarbon production areas, such as the Permian Basin. We believe the award of some of these larger projects is imminent. Additionally, we expect to begin construction on the East-West Tie Line Project and have recently secured medium-sized electric transmission project, both in Canada later this year. Our U.S. communication operations continue to show improvements over 2018. We have slightly adjusted our full year 2019 revenue expectation to around $400 million from $500 million, primarily due to the elimination of revenues associated with the canceled Peruvian fiber project and permitting and engineering delays on some domestic telecom projects. However, as of the charge, we still expect to achieve mid-single-digit operating income margins on a full year basis this year, with upper single digit margins as we exit the year. Our customers are pushing fiber closer to their customer, fiber backhaul densification continues, additional fiber is being deployed for 5G wireless and broadband network expansion initiatives in rural markets are ongoing. We also continue to believe Quanta is uniquely positioned to provide solutions to both wireless carriers and utility companies as 5G infrastructure is increasingly deployed on the electric distribution system, which will require significant electric lining resources. Quanta plays a critical role in facilitating the economy, technologies and the lower carbon footprint of the future. Our economy continues to move towards lower emissions for power generation through greater renewables adoption. The shift requires new transmission, tie lines and substations to be built and the existing grid must be upgraded and modified to accommodate greater levels of intermittent power. Implementation and widespread adoption of new technologies in services, such as 5G, autonomous vehicles and electric vehicles, all require power and new infrastructure, and the power grid of today is not designed to meet those needs. We are in active discussions with key players in these arenas, helping them to understand the infrastructure that is required to support these technologies and how Quanta can help them execute their go-to-market strategies. We continue to believe the role of Quanta will increasingly play in the economy and technologies of the future. It is not well understood by many of our stakeholders. Our pipeline and industrial segment has increased revenue more than 16% and more than double the operating income in the first half of this year as compared to the first half of last year. As we move into the seasonally stronger second half of the year, we expect continued base business growth and profitability momentum. Demand for those services is growing as utility customers execute on multi-decade system modernization and safety initiatives. We also see opportunity to further expand and scale our gas distribution operations in the Northeastern United States and other select markets that provide attractive growth and accretive margin opportunities. Additionally, our transmission and midstream pipeline operations are in active construction on several larger pipeline projects that are performing well. We continue to evaluate opportunities to strategically expand our pipeline and industrial operations as we gain scale and diversity. We believe the result will be a segment with higher margins, less cyclicality and a repeatable and sustainable earnings stream. A frequent topic of conversation with the investment community of late is how we think our business might perform in a recessionary environment. Given the duration of the current economic expansion cycle, I want to stress that we are not seeing softness in our business, nor are any of our customers indicating to us that they are slowing down or concerned about a recession. That said, while we cannot predict the characteristics or magnitude of any future recession in a hypothetical, normal, economic recession of moderate GDP decline and duration, we believe that we could still grow our base business revenues, while largely maintaining our current margin profile.  Over the years, we have executed on our strategy to mitigate risk inherent in our business, including economic risk through diversification. We have a diverse customer base with low customer concentration, a broad and diverse geographic presence and a diverse and expanding line of services. We believe our diversification strategy favorable industry dynamics and strategic investments we have made to largely mitigate the impact of a recession.  Overall, we believe the majority of our revenues are derived from customers and in markets that are driven by longer-term, visible dynamics that should be resilient to economic softness. More than 60% of our revenues are driven by regulated utility spending. Utilities have multiyear investment programs that are necessary and have been approved by regulators to move forward.  It is worth noting that our Electric Power segment revenues have grown at a 7% CAGR since 2013, with base business revenues growing at a faster rate. This revenue growth occurred in an environment with flat electricity demand, significantly reduced larger project activity and the collapse of oil prices in late 2014 and 2015, which adversely affected our Canadian operations.  Our pipeline and industrial segment increased revenues consistently through the collapse of oil prices in late 2014 and 2015 despite challenges in Canada, which is an energy industry-driven economy. Since that period, we have significantly increased our base business operations. For example, our gas utility-driven distribution operations are meaningfully larger now than at that time. Our end markets are driven by long-term secular dynamics that we have talked about during our earnings calls and investor events for many years. The infrastructure we build and maintain is required for a safe and reliable delivery of critical services that are necessary to support the economic and social prosperity of the people, businesses and industries in the geographies that we operate. We believe these dynamics in our positioning in the market put us in a position to potentially mitigate the impact of many economic concerns. Our first half results have been solid, and we are increasing our full year revenue outlook for the second time this year to reflect our expectation of a strengthening second half. Our end markets and visibility are strong, and we continue to believe we're in a multiyear upcycle, with opportunity for continued record backlog in 2019. We are focused on our strategy of generating a more resilient and predictable earnings stream, and will continue to evaluate how aspects of our operations fit with our model and our core business. Our customers CapEx and OpEx plans continue to grow to historic levels. We are having conversations with customers about programs that are larger in size and longer in duration than we have ever experienced, and there is no sign of a slowing down in the near term. I strongly believe that the industry dynamics and opportunities we see for at least the next 5 to 10 years is exactly what Quanta is built for.  We continue to expect our base business to grow double digits this year and account for approximately 90% of our 2019 revenues, and believe we can grow base business revenues at a mid-single-digit to double-digit CAGR over the next 3 to 5 years. We continue to see more than $3 billion each of larger electric transmission and pipeline projects, which is a conservative investment estimate, and expect some could be awarded over the coming quarters.  There are also prospects for new multiyear alliance programs over the near and medium term, and we expect robust growth from our communications infrastructure services operations with improved profitability. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our second quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record second quarter 2019 revenues of $2.84 billion, a 7% increase over the second quarter of 2019. For the second quarter of 2019, net income attributable to common stock was $27.3 million or $0.19 per diluted share. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was $0.31.  As disclosed in today's earnings release, we recognized a charge of $79.2 million during the quarter, which impacted both GAAP, EPS and adjusted EPS by $0.54 per diluted share. The charge includes a reduction of previously recognized earnings on the project, a reserve against a portion of unpaid project costs incurred through the contract termination date and accrual for a portion of alleged liquidated damages and estimated costs to complete the project turnover and close out the project. As of June 30, 2019, Quanta has a net receivable position on the project of approximately $120 million, which we have now classified as a nonrecurring asset. Included in this receivable is $87 million paid to the Peruvian agency during the second quarter through the exercise of advanced payment bonds posted to the project, which Quanta believes were wrongfully called. The bonds were to be exercised only if it had been determined the previous advance payments were not used for their intended purpose. The Peruvian agency exercised the bond in their full amount without affording our Peruvian subsidiary an opportunity to provide evidence of its expenditures on the project. The expenditures incurred were substantially in excess of the advance payments, and we believe the entire advance payment had been used for their intended purpose. Therefore, we strongly believe we are entitled to reimbursement.  Quanta has never had a bond called by a customer, and it is the aggressiveness of their tactics, including the termination of the contracts and the inherent risks associated international arbitration that influenced certain of our assessments of our GAAP financial positions. We are disappointed with the way events have unfolded around the project and have filed for arbitration. However, we don't anticipate any additional meaningful cost for the remainder of 2019 or beyond. It is also important to note that the reduction in future operations associated with this Peruvian work has a negligible impact on our future expectations.  Turning to a discussion of our broader results. Our Electric Power revenues increased 10% when compared to the second quarter of 2018 to $1.73 billion, and represent record quarterly revenues for the segment. This increase continues to be driven by the elevated levels of base business activity as our utility customers expand their investment in grid modernization and infrastructure hardening, particularly in the Western U.S. The strength of the base business from the second quarter 2019 offset approximately $138 million in reduced revenues from larger projects when compared to the second quarter of 2018. Also contributing to the increase were approximately $35 million in revenues from acquired businesses.  Our telecommunication revenues within the segment were negatively impacted by approximately $50 million for previously recognized revenue associated with the Peruvian telecommunications project that was reserved against as part of the $79.2 million charge in the quarter. Excluding the impact of the $50 million revenue reversal, our telecommunications revenues grew for the fifth consecutive quarter, with U.S. operations driving that trend.  Operating margin in the Electric Power segment was 5.4% in the second quarter of 2019 versus 9.3% in the second quarter of 2018. Included in segment margins is the charge associated with the Peruvian project, which negatively impacted segment margins by 430 basis points.  Excluding our telecommunications operations, which are included within the Electric Power segment, Electric Power margins were approximately 10%, a slight improvement over Electric Power margins during 2Q '18. The margin improvement was attributable to solid execution across base business activities in the segment, which helped to offset the anticipated softness during the second quarter from our Canadian operations due to normal seasonality and the transition of crews and equipment off the Fort McMurray transmission project. We had nominal, larger project revenues in Canada during the second quarter resulting in lower fixed cost absorption, however, 2Q '18 included the substantial contribution from the Fort McMurray project. Margins in our telecommunications operations bore the impact of the $79.2 million charge, resulting in a loss for the quarter. However, excluding that charge, margins were near mid-single digits, led by performance in our U.S. telecom operations.  Of note, as it relates to the Fort McMurray transmission project, you may have seen that in June 2019, our partner, Canadian Utilities Limited, an ATCO company, announced that definitive agreements have been reached to sell the Alberta PowerLine limited partnership. The sale is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2019 or the first quarter of 2020, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions and should result in gross proceeds to Quanta of roughly USD 47 million at current exchange rates.  Our pipeline and industrial segment revenues increased 1.7% when compared to the second quarter of 2018 to $1.1 billion. This increase is attributable to slightly increased revenues from larger projects. Operating margin for the pipeline and industrial segment was 6.3% in 2Q '19, an increase over the 4% margin in 2Q '18, which included a 40 basis point impact related to combined charges associated with the impairment of a construction barge and severance and restructuring costs. The margin agreement over 2Q '18 is primarily driven by improved execution across our base business operations as well as higher earnings on larger pipeline projects.  The strength of these results overcame a $13.6 million additional loss associated with continued rework and startup delays on a processing facility that was approximately 96% complete as of June 30, 2019. A substantial component of this increased loss in the second quarter was incremental liquidated damages amounts due to continued delays in completion, which have now been accrued to the maximum contractual amount. We are in the final stages of this project, and believe we have accrued all known losses.  Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $17.5 million in the second quarter of 2019 as compared to the second quarter of 2018. This increase was primarily due to changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, with the $4.4 million increase associated with these estimates recognized in 2Q '19 compared to a $6.3 million decrease in 2Q '18. Also contributing were increased legal and professional fees and increased intangible amortization expense.  Overall, 2Q '19 adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, was $166 million, which includes the negative impact of the $79.2 million charge related to the Peruvian project. This compares to $199 million in the second quarter of 2018.  For the second quarter of 2019, we had negative free cash flow of $173 million. Cash flow used in operating activities was $109 million and net capital expenditures were $64 million. The largest individual driver of the negative cash flow was the exercise of the $112 million in bonds against Quanta in connection with the Peruvian project. Also contributing was continued mobilization and tuning costs on certain base business projects as well as ongoing extended collection cycles with certain utility customers.  As we discussed on last quarter's call, our periodic cash flow has been impacted by billing process changes for certain customers and other slow pay dynamics that have impacted our ability to time the invoice and collect for services performed. This is not isolated to a single customer, and while these extended collection dynamics translate to increased contract asset positions on our balance sheet, we are not aware of any material risk to the ultimate billing and collection of these balances. These negative items were partially offset by the collection of approximately $109 million, a pre-petition receivables related to PG&E's bankruptcy proceeding.  DSO for the quarter was 91 days compared to 74 days for the same period in 2018. Although impacted to some extent by the items previously described, 3 days of this ratio is attributable to the reclassification of significant retainage balances from long-term to current receivables during the first quarter of 2019 for the Fort McMurray project. We continue to expect collection of this larger balance by year-end. Also, 4 to 5 days of the ratio is due to the impact of retainage in various pipeline projects largely completed in previous periods.  We did not purchase any of our common stock during the second quarter of 2019, and had approximately $287 million of available authorization remaining on our $500 million stock repurchase program at June 30, 2019. Additionally, during the second quarter of 2019, we announced our third quarter cash dividend of $0.04 per share, totaling $6.2 million. At June 30, 2019, we had $751 million in total liquidity, which resulted in a debt-to-EBITDA ratio, as calculated under our senior secured credit agreement, of approximately 1.99x. As of June 30, 2019, our aggregate total remaining performance obligations were estimated to be approximately $4.7 billion, approximately 77% of which is expected to be recognized in the next 12 months. Our aggregate total backlog as of June 30, 2019 was $12.8 billion, an increase of 11% over the second quarter of 2018 and 3% over year-end 2018. 12-month backlog was $7.5 billion, in line with the second quarter of 2018, and up 7% from December 31, 2018. Our total backlog continues to expand as we capitalize on the growing infrastructure investment activity across our end markets, and specifically, the longer-term demand for our base business activities. Turning to guidance. Given the continued strength in our base business and improved visibility into the remainder of the year, we are increasing our consolidated revenue range to be between $11.5 billion and $11.9 billion. With regard to the Electric Power segment, we now expect revenues to range between $7.2 billion and $7.4 billion, with the third quarter revenues slightly higher than fourth quarter revenues due to normal seasonality.  On an annual basis, we see aggregate electric segment operating margins ranging from 8.4% to 8.9%, with the $79.2 million effect of the Peruvian project impacting annual operating margins by roughly 110 basis points. As it relates to operating margins associated with our electric operations, the timing of the commencement of certain larger projects in Canada that impacted second quarter margins is anticipated to continue somewhat to the third quarter. However, we expect Canadian operations will improve profitability in the fourth quarter, particularly as large transmission opportunities move to construction. We expect overall electric operations will maintain double-digit margins for the rest of this year at levels in line with the second quarter.  Regarding our telecommunications operations, we continue to see the opportunity for operating margins to achieve upper single digits by the fourth quarter of 2019, with our U.S. telecom operations leading the way with a potential to hit 10% by year-end. We now expect pipeline and industrial segment revenues to range between $4.3 billion and $4.5 billion. We see full year margins between 5.5% and 6%. We have lowered the top end of our margin range due to pressure from the approximately $22 million of year-to-date losses recognized on the processing facility, which impacted margins for the year by approximately 50 basis points at the midpoint of our revenue range. Our operating margin range otherwise reflects continued confidence in our ability to execute on base business work.  We expect third quarter margins to be the strongest of the year for the segment with the seasonal decline in the fourth quarter. While we expect increased revenue estimates to deliver profits within our guided segment margin ranges and incremental earnings per share, the negative impact of the $0.54 per share charge in the second quarter results in our full year earnings per share expectations to now range between $2.46 to $2.79, and our adjusted earnings per share expectations to range between $2.99 and $3.33. Similarly, our expectations for adjusted EBITDA, including the charge, now range between $852 million and $932 million.  From a cash flow perspective, compared to our original guidance at the beginning of the year, the $700 million increase in our overall revenue expectation and associated working capital to support this growth, as well as the unexpected cash outflow associated with the Peruvian project, together have impacted our cash flow expectations for the year by almost $200 million. Additionally, wet weather delays impacted cleanup activities on certain pipeline project in the second quarter that have called into question our ability to collect several significant retainage balances by the end of the year, which if not collected by year-end, would become 2020 collection events. As a result of these items and some level of the previously described billing delays, we now expect free cash flow between $100 million and $300 million.  Given these cash flow dynamics, we are increasing our forecasted interest expense to range between $58 million and $60 million. Looking beyond 2019, we continue to expect stronger free cash flow generation as our base business activities create a more recurring and predictable earnings profile, with the primary cash flow pressure being attributable to working capital to support revenue growth.  While our second quarter results were negatively impacted by the Peruvian telecommunications project, we believe our broader performance and increased annual revenue guidance continues to reinforce the quality of our craft skilled labor workforce and the ongoing demand for our services. We continue to be confident in the strength of our operations, our prospects for profitable growth and the repeatable and sustainable nature of our core markets.  This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke, can you give us some more color on how to think about fire and storm hardening? The concern that some investors have is that fire hardening work may peak this year in California, but I know you mentioned the example with the long-term spend potential of your storm hardening customer in Florida, which makes sense. When we look at fire hardening, it looks like PG&E's higher spend would be in relatively new term. So what kind of visibility do you have to fire hardening initiatives leading to multiyear growth?
Earl Austin: Yes. I think when you look at the Western U.S., not only California, in the fire-prone areas, you've seen loss of life. And when you see those kind of things typically the regulator and the public utilities will get behind programs that enhance this grid and harden the grid. And I believe that's the case and that's what you're seeing in the early stages of that. People are certainly willing to pay for more modern, more robust systems. And that's -- it's modernization as well as storm hardening coupled together that's creating to build across North America and the world for that matter to support that. And I think when you look back and you look it back on the East Coast and what we've done on the coastlines on hurricanes, some could say wherever we're at, we've been doing this for a bit of time and there's a lot of legroom left on that. This is in a very, very early stages and the systems are older systems, so it's going to take a long time. I think they're multiyear spends that we're certainly in the early stages in the Western part of America.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke, somewhat of a related question, but you've continually talked about $3 billion of large projects visibility in both Electric Power and pipeline and infrastructure. But you sounded a little bit more confident about large electric power projects can book, and you used the word imminent. Did something change over the last few months to where maybe there's a bit more urgency for our customers? Or is it just time has passed by so you're getting closer to larger project work?
Earl Austin: I think for our standpoint, we're trying to point out the fact that the larger project pipeline is still there and robust. It hasn't moved. I guess, if I said 10, we'd have to calculate that every quarter, so we just say it's more than $3 billion to give you a sense that it's out there. When we look at these larger projects, we see more of them today than we did last quarter. They're supporting, like we said on the call, your data centers, your LNG exports, they all take substations' big load, all your industrial centers are growing. All that takes big load. Your Permian Basin, we talked about, that's load. So you're seeing those larger projects come into play now more so than you've seen in the past. What we've done over the past 2 or 3 years or even longer, we've done it with no load growth or even negative load growth. So now as you start to see these larger complexes come into play, you start to see load growth and the need for transmission and larger transmission. So yes, I do think, today, we certainly see more larger electric transmission projects than we have in the past, and I believe we'll see some awarded in the next few quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noelle Dilts of Stifle.
Noelle Dilts: So just looking at some of these kind of challenges you've had on certain projects like you mentioned in the Peruvian and the processing project. Do you view these as just kind of things that occurred during the normal course of business? Or are you making the efforts to sort of strengthen the project oversight and trying to avoid those types of issues?
Earl Austin: Yes. Noelle, the project was a processing facility here in Texas, but that's the first one. In general, what I would say is both of those projects were bid over 4 years ago, started even lower than -- longer than that. So when you think about it and you think about what we said about the business and our strategies around it in our strat plans, we said we would get more repeatable, sustainable and earnings streams that are more predictable. So as we've done that, those two are legacies. Everything we've done after we talk about -- we went -- we had a strategy, we said we'd go 10 and 1. We continued on that path to be more repeatable, sustainable as a company. That's what we've done and that's what's in the backlog going forward. We'll finished these projects up. But you can look at the backlog unless you're going forward, it's all around that strategy. And what we'll see on the future is around that strategy.
Noelle Dilts: Okay. That's helpful. And then second, could you just comment on what you're seeing with Stronghold in the quarter and how you're thinking about turnaround and maintenance work as you look into the back half of this year and into next?
Earl Austin: Yes, Stronghold's done a great job positioning ourselves in the industrial market. We're really proud of that business. It continues to meet expectations or beat expectations and set records for their selves. So we're excited about the industrial business and what it's done for us. It positions us well in the Gulf Coast, and we're very, very happy with the management team there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tahira Afzal of KeyBanc Capital.
Tahira Afzal: Just going back to your prepared commentary, confidence around mid-single-digit growth in your base business and hopefully some projects laying on top of that. And if I do the math and really assume that your margins bounce back next year, which I hope they do and expand, I mean, am I thinking wrong when I'm thinking about adjusted earnings power of nicely above $4 by 2021?
Earl Austin: Yes. Tahira, look, I'll let Derrick do the math. But I would say for myself is we are creating a nice base business that continues to see growth across the board supporting our utility customers. But our CapEx and OpEx spends continue to get bigger. Our telecom business is extremely robust. As we look at our gas distribution business, our industrial business, it's robust. So everything that we see on our end markets allows us to think that we'll grow the company, will expand some margin profile within the segments. We talked about a double-digit on the electric side. We believe we can operate there over time. We talked about on the gas to continue to bring it up in the mid-singles, even higher single digits on some of the areas in that as we move forward. So we do believe that's possible. We'll continue to strive to do that. 90% of this year is base business, we believe we'll tack on some larger projects as we move into the next year. So the opportunities are there. We continue to drive the base. I would equate the EPS, I'll let Derrick roll it out.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, I mean, I don't have anything to add. It's all based upon what happens in the core aspects of our business, which Duke laid out. And those, that mass would translate into the numbers that you kind of referenced.
Tahira Afzal: I hear you, Derrick. And just based on what you've laid out for the future, I don't know if the free cash flow revision to your guidance for this year constraints you. But should I be thinking this is an opportunity to buy out stock proactively?
Derrick Jensen: As far as from our perspective, we don't comment as to how we'll be in the market relative to the buybacks of individual stocks. I'll tell you the #1 thing we focused on is kind of what the near-term opportunities are for deployment of capital. And a lot of times, that has to do with what we lean into first in the working capital as well as acquisitions and investments, et cetera, all mindful of the liquidity position of the company. So we have had some movements in kind of working capital demands. And so we'll be very focused on ultimately making sure that delevered profiles stays within our boundaries. Having said all of that, you can see we've been an active buyer of our stock for a number of years and you can see the levels at which we have moved into it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher: Just wanted to start off on Peru. If you could just -- I know Derrick you walked through some of the numbers, but maybe just frame for us what's really the kind of the worst case scenario here to make sure we've kind of ring-fenced what the earnings charge and the cash flow impact could be?
Derrick Jensen: Well, on a go-forward basis, we don't have anything in our expectations relative to this contract. The aspect of everything is, on a go forward is, is effectively recurring operations and nothing associated with the contract as the contract was terminated. We have no backlog and no revenue expectations. On a year-to-date basis, I mean, we have taken a charge that we think puts us in a position towards the most likely scenario of our recovery. We do believe that there is very much the level of upside to the position because as we go into arbitration, we think our positions are strong. We do believe that we'll be putting forward various cases that will lead to a degree of recovery. I will say that, as I commented to my remarks, we do have a receivable position of about $120 million left on that contract. The largest component of that is associated with the bonds that we think, which we believe, were pulled wrongfully.
Earl Austin: And I want to comment as well on that. Peru, when you look at that on the face of it, we will defend that vigorously. We will go after it in the most extreme effort that we can. We're putting everything we have behind that as far as collecting our money, collecting what's rightfully owed to us. We believe that's wrongfully terminated. And just on the face of it, we've basically built a fiber-optic network for the people of Peru and paid them to do it. So it doesn't make sense just on the face of it, it doesn't make sense from a contractual language, and we'll defend it vigorously.
Steven Fisher: One follow-up there is just is there anything worse that they could be asking you for than the $157 million that you have denoted in the press release? And then my real follow-up question is really on the telecom side of the business. What still has to happen for you to you achieve that upper single digit margin in telecom, exiting the year?
Earl Austin: Yes. Peru first. Peru can ask us for anything under the sun. The problem is that they're on the wrong side of it, we're on the right side of it. And the contracts we've accrued, what we believe, or we've expensed, we believe is the right number, and we believe will be on the other side of that as we go into litigation. As far as what we need on telecom to get in double digits, it scale, we're scaling in many areas, we have the opportunities to add more backlog, more customers, and I feel extremely confident as we get into the second half of this year, we'll continue to increase margin incremental level, while also adding customer bases. What's unseen is our place in 5G. The 5G component of telecom is unseen of why Quanta is positioned in the right spot. 5G, you need today every 562 feet per density, and that would have to go into the distribution arena. And so every single pull out there, 562 feet apart, needs an antenna, it needs an electric line. And so in order to do that, in order to get all the technology that you hear about autonomous vehicles, data centers, cloud, Edge, whatever it may be, it's a convergence of heavy fiber and your 5G antennas. We sit right in the middle of that. And I can't say it enough of our opportunity there and how well we believe we're positioned for that opportunity in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard of Deutsche Bank.
Chad Dillard: So I was hoping you could bridge the operating cash flow in the back end of the year. And maybe talk about how you are thinking about when the mobilization will peak out and the working capital burn will subside and the incremental cash that you get from PG&E? Is there any additional outflow from like the Peru situation that you need to contemplate? Or any other project that's in the loss-making position that could burn cash?
Earl Austin: Yes. First, just -- I want to talk a little bit about the cash outflow. When we think about it, we have 41,807 employees, that's up quite a bit as we move forward here. And it's a good thing for us to be adding people to this base business and cash going out as long as it's coming back in at a more rapid pace. So us in the base business, as long as we continue to grow and grow at the rates we're growing at, you're going to have some cash outflow. And you'll get more consistent as it growth rates stays fairly flat. We do have some aberrations in this quarter, but that base business has pulled cash out and it will come back in. I do think when we look at it today, the DSOs on the base business are up, they're up due to our customers catching up with that base business growth. And so it's been more difficult for us to get invoices into the customer, they're paying us on time, but the interface between us, they're behind us. And so we're catching up, they're catching up. As they catch up, I believe you'll see our DSOs on the base business going to a more normalized level. And I'll let Derrick comment on the rest.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I agree with Duke's commentary. As it relates to the year of that, we are running about 91 days here. I would tell you the Wolf Lake collection alone will -- is probably a 3-day reduction. I think that the timing of the work typically for us is that we have cash outflows in the first portion of the year, cash enclosed in the back half of the year. I still think that's the same thing for 2019. I think we have the ability to have positive free cash flow in the third quarter and a greater amount in the fourth quarter, again kind of mimic our typical seasonality with that. Part of it is we have a lower level of revenues in the fourth quarter, and that's based into the model that typically leads to a turn of cash. As well as I do think as to Duke's commentary, we'll see a degree of reduced DSOs. I think that you could see DSOs by the end of the year getting down into the kind of the low 80s that's consistent what I think what our commentary was in the first quarter, getting down into that kind of level. And then to Duke's point, as we go through, that will, I think, lead to generally normalized type of collections and billing cycles associated with the customers.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then just switching over to Lat Am. In the release, you mentioned that you're evaluating whether to just stay in the business. And I was hoping you could give a little bit color on that. Is there potential sale? Is it of a wind-down, hardly about the time table or the framework to approach that decision? And then lastly, how big is that business right now?
Earl Austin: Yes. So to answer your question, in Lat Am, certainly all those strategies are on the table. What I would say is the company has said and continues to believe our strategy is to be more repeatable, sustainable, less risk. If Lat Am is creating risk, both from a macro standpoint, geopolitical standpoint, we are focused on derisking the business as a strategy. So when we look at that, we went to Latin America to support our North American customers on their builds in those countries. We felt like that we mitigated those risk even in this project. It was a 10-year, $250 million project that had a lot of maintenance over time. We felt really good about where we're at. When you have geopolitical type risks in countries that change from a growing middle class to something different, we'll certainly look to derisk those business and derisk those parts of the world. So we've stated our strategy and we're certainly sticking to that.
Derrick Jensen: On a run rate basis, I would say that Lat Am is probably in the $100 million range at this stage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman: Duke, on the fire hardening initiatives, and in particular, I guess, the work with PG&E, are they being more selective in terms of who they're working with, just given their current position in Chapter 11? I'm just wondering if that's actually allowing you to capture some more share with them?
Earl Austin: Yes. I mean, we've been a line contractor for PG&E in a long time. It's probably our top electric customer for a while. And we've supported each other many, many times. We know the area, we know the people there. So it's a great customer. But it's one customer. The whole western hemisphere has fire hardening projects. We really get more programmatic where we're doing much more than just construction out there. We're doing a lot more globally, for that matter, when we look at engineering, when we look at distribution engineerings and things of that nature. The company is really looking at more programmatic stuff. And as -- they can't -- you can't, as a utility, ramp that fast, so we're able to basically help them, collaborate with them to create the right environment, create the right cost structure for the rate payers as well. And so it really makes a lot of sense for us to collaborate on a lot of these big builds in the West, as well as everywhere for that matter. Labor resources, they're tight. We've invested over $100 million in training. It bodes well for us as we move into these kind of environments. And we've said it on the call, we'll say it again, we've never seen the type of environment that we've had today and the type of macro markets that are out there that Quanta can take advantage of and sit right in the middle of. It's right down the middle for us and what Quanta was built for.
Brent Thielman: Okay. I appreciate that. And my follow-up is on the pipeline side. I mean, it sounds like plenty of work to do work there. I guess, are you seeing any customers trying to accelerate project schedules and kind of getting into an election year and maybe there's some questions about what the regulatory environment looks like 2 years from now?
Earl Austin: Yes. I mean, I would tell you that like every one of them would accelerate as fast as they can go. It's just they're going to be prudent about how they permit and making sure that all the permits, their i's are crossed and t's are dotted. It's not fun to get on these projects and stop and start for them or us, and so I prefer they get all their permits, and I know they think the same thing. That being said, I do believe that the processing will get easier with the current FERC administration, as well as in D.C., over time as the courts get more normalized and things of that nature. But as far as the Permian Basin seeing a lot coming out of Texas, lots of support in LNG, Canada's got some projects that are fixing to go, so we do see a lot of activity still in large pipe for the next few years, at least. And it's -- we're still looking at work, booking work today for this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Rygiel of B. Riley FBR.
Alexander Rygiel: Derrick, could you clarify what was the revenue expectation you thought the telecom business could deliver in 2019? And how does that compare to 2018?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, at this stage, I would say that we're probably in the $400 million to $450 million run rate type range. The number gets a little bit kind of hard to deal with when you're dealing with the revenue adjustment on the Peruvian project. But on a run rate basis, it's probably in the $400 million to $450 million type range. Last year, I think we were at the -- I think we ended the year around $350 million, but I have to double check that.
Alexander Rygiel: I'm sorry, and that's total company or is that just U.S.?
Derrick Jensen: That's total company. Last year, we ended up about $270 million.
Alexander Rygiel: Okay.
Derrick Jensen: I would say in general, we paced that growth and the opportunity for us to grow more is certainly there. We wanted to make sure the permitting and such was in place before we started deploying mass crews to the systems. We're really worried about the margin profile there and making sure that we deliver on that. And that's certainly by design. The business itself and the business is out there, we could pull the business up much more, but it would dilute margins on the growth. And I don't think it's the right thing to do. I think we'll pace it, scale it more efficiently. So it's by design. We can certainly move that needle up quite a bit there. On the revenue side.
Alexander Rygiel: And then more of a bigger picture question. With a company that can deliver $900 million to $1 billion in EBITDA, would you think more normalized free cash flow numbers should be at some point over time on an annual basis?
Derrick Jensen: The beginning of the year, we commented that we thought we could see free cash flow conversion related to EBITDA in the 40% type range. I continue to think that we have the ability to see that. The biggest change that you saw relative to that expectation this year was the growth in the revenue side, which we said would always create potential drives against that number as well as what we've dealt with here relative to the Peruvian side. But on a go-forward basis, we see the ability just to get increase that conversion ratio and I think you can see numbers approximating that 40% original guidance.
Earl Austin: And I would say also that just our deployment of the baseload crews is unprecedented. It just is. We're deploying a bunch of baseload crews at this point.
Derrick Jensen: And to Duke's point, those are the things that influence that number for us. Growth is inherently the biggest wild card relative to how we think about cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Most of my questions have been answered, but I guess Derrick or Duke, when we think about the pipeline and industrial business, the margins have grown this year with some onetime headwinds to margins and without big pipeline work. So I guess as I think about over sort of the next couple of years, understanding there are some scale that need to be had in geographic diversification, how do I think about normal sort of margin progression in that business assuming the base business seems to grow in line with your expectations? I mean because this year, if we adjust everything out it's probably up almost I think it's up to 6.3% relative to 4.3% last year. So I'm just trying to think is that a normal margin agreement that we should see as the base business tries to grow without pipe?
Earl Austin: Jamie, I think we've said that we'll continue to increase those margins into your upper single digits. And that's certainly the aspiration of the company, the goal of the company where we're at today, but it'll incrementally get better in the year 7, 8, even year 9 as we move forward in my mind. It's that type of business. It's repeatable, sustainable. We can get up in those ranges and certainly you've seen us take -- if you look at just our distribution business, which we're not going to break out, but it's there, and it's done much, much better as we scale these offices. As we move into the Northeast and do some other things, I think in general, you'll see the whole segment move up. Our major projects, we're derisking those as well. So I believe our industrial business and our distribution business gets stronger and stronger, our pipe business is there. It does an awful lot of free cash. When that gets going, it certainly stacks on top, but it's not necessary to get in those type of margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis.
Adam Thalhimer: I wanted to ask first about the margins in Electric Power. We came in to Q2 thinking that was going to low point for the year. You outperformed that, and I'm just curious why you outperformed in Q2?
Earl Austin: Yes. I think when you look at 2Q, you see a lot of strength to the company in scaling even with adding crews. So you had a lot of utilizations across the board. We were busy, working more man-hours than we anticipated. It gets some utilizations on your equipment so your margins improve. I will say we did have a drag in Canada just like we thought we would, and it will continue in the third quarter to be somewhat of a drag. But I can only say that it's because the -- it's by design we believe the fourth quarter will pick up substantially, and there are some things on the table that we believe will allow us to continue to grow the business in 2020 and beyond. So we're pretty excited about Canada, what's going on up there as well as our base business. And we continue to get fully utilized or even more so. So as we deploy crews, we get scale, it creates margin. We talked about it many times that we should look at that business in kind of a 10% business over time. And I will stand by it. It will -- sometimes you'll see 11%, sometimes you'll see 9%. But over time, we can create that 10% margin profile. It will fluctuate a little bit quarter-to-quarter. If you have storms, if you have more work, if you're working more time, because your equipment gets fully utilized. So it's more of a product of utilization on our fleet.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then you raised back half guidance versus what you thought 3 months ago. What are the biggest drivers behind that?
Earl Austin: I think from my standpoint, when we look at our business, look at our man-hour runs, look at our headcounts in the second quarter, we see a more robust second half on our base business. It allows us to move that up, and we've talked about prudent guidance and how we think about it. And we're guiding to the back half to the year. And as we go through it, we'll operate through it. We'll certainly continue to evaluate where we sit on any given quarter, on any given second half but -- in general, I think we continue to get stronger and have the opportunity to even strengthen more in the back half.
Operator: Our final question comes from Justin Hauke of Robert W. Baird.
Justin Hauke: Yes. So just couple of more very quick cash flow questions. But can you remind us, what's the remaining AR that's tied to PG&E that's still is out there? And then does your guidance for $100 million to $300 million, does that include the $47 million you're planning to pick up on the Fort McMurray sale? And what quarter does that fall in?
Derrick Jensen: Yes. The noncurrent asset component of PG&E is still roughly about $41 million. That is not in our expectations for this year. We still look at that as something that has the risk of going back or going into 2020 type of event. And then the Fort McMurray sale is not in our expectations at this stage. We believe that, that has as much of a degree of risk of being into the first quarter part of 2020. So at this stage, it's not my current expectation.
Justin Hauke: Okay. And then, I guess, one last one on Peru. I think their total damages that they're claiming, if you add it up, is $157 million. And the cash that you guys have paid out, including the bonds that exercised, I think was $114 million. So I guess the question is, is that delta the amount, I mean if everything went against you that ultimately there is $40-plus million of potential cash that could out? And I guess the second part of that would be, are there any additional performance or surety bonds that they have the power to exercise?
Derrick Jensen: There are no additional bonds outstanding. And I'd probably come back to answer the question more along the lines of I have $120 million of receivables still on the books. And to that end, that's the position we'll be looking to collect at a minimum.
Earl Austin: And I don't believe that's the case. I believe that we'll eventually prevail and collect our bonds and beyond. So I don't believe we're in a position and the right position. And it should go the other way in my mind.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Earl Austin: I want to thank our 41,807 employees. They're dedicated to the success of Quanta. I'd like to thank you all for participating in our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Quanta Services' First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Kip Rupp.
Kip Rupp: Great, thank you and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This morning we issued a press release announcing our first quarter results, which can be found in the Investors and Media section of our website at quantaservices.com along with a summary of our 2019 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning.  Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 2nd, 2019 and therefore you are advised that any time sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release along with the company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website.  You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, EBITDA and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for email alerts through the Investors and Media section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our first quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. This morning we reported record first quarter results, with revenues of $2.8 billion and GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.82 and $0.96 respectively. Backlog at the end of the quarter was a record $12.6 billion, which we believe supports our expectations for this year and bodes well for opportunities for multi-year growth.  It is worth highlighting that backlog continues to grow without meaningful large project awards and is primarily the result of incremental growth of programmatic spending with existing and new customers. As a result of our solid first quarter results, increased visibility for our Electric Power Services and confidence in our ability to safely execute, we are increasing our full-year financial expectations for 2019. We are pleased with the growth of our utility-focused operations and continue to enhance the stability of our business portfolio. We also continue to evaluate opportunities to strategically expand our geographic presence and diversify our service lines. These strategies are designed to mitigate many aspects of risks in our business, including customer, project, permitting, geographic, execution, weather and other risks. We believe Quanta's diversity, scope and scale and capabilities are unique in our space and set us apart both competitively and in investments. Quanta is a construction led specialty infrastructure solutions provider, whose portfolio of companies, services and geographic diversity position us to profitably grow through various cycles over time. Our electric power operations reflect broad based business strength in the quarter, with increased demand for our services in the western region of the United States due to ongoing grid modernization and accelerated fire hardening programs.  Over the past several years devastating wildfires in California and the hurricanes hitting the Gulf and the East Coast have caused significant damage to property and life. These events have spurred our customers, state lawmakers and regulators to enhance the resiliency of the electric grid. Storm hardening initiatives are ongoing and we have talked about them for some time. However, we believe the system hardening initiatives for improved resiliency against wildfires are in their very early stages. Multi-year utility CapEx budgets in California and other regions in the Western United States exceed $40 billion in the aggregate, with a significant portion allocated to grid modernization and fire hardening. These initiatives are necessary for resilient modern grid that benefits the economy and the rate payer and provide meaningful near and longer term opportunities for Quanta. Also during the first quarter, we and our partner ATCO completed and energized the Fort McMurray West 500-kV Transmission Project three months ahead of schedule, on budget and with an impeccable safety record. The total project value of over CAD 1.6 billion, this was the largest project ever completed by Quanta and included engineering, procurement and construction services for the 508-km transmission line project.  The project was financed through the largest public-private partnership bond in Canadian history, was the longest 500-kV AC transmission line built in Canada's history and was ranked among the top 40 infrastructure projects in Canada in 2018. Our success in this project would not have been possible without the dedication, hard work and safe world-class execution by our partners and employees. This project is an example of how Quanta's partners and collaborates with our customers to develop successful solutions, but this is only one example of many ongoing collaborative initiatives between Quanta and our customers that will continue to provide world-class execution on infrastructure projects. Additionally, the election in Albert last month brings a political change in the province that is considered favorable to the energy and business communities.  While we are optimistic that this change will bring greater business confidence and positive policies that could encourage infrastructure development in Alberta and other parts of Canada, we are taking a prudent approach to our expectations regarding how this change could impact timing for several larger electric transmission and pipeline projects electric transmission and pipeline project opportunities.  Our communications operations have also started the year well. Revenues grew significantly over the same quarter last year. We were incrementally profitable for the quarter and believe we are on track to generate approximately $500 million in revenue with mid-single digit operating income margins this year. We also continue to believe, we can achieve $1 billion in annual revenue with 10% operating income margins in the medium term as service providers continue to push fiber closer to the customer.  Fiber backhaul densification continues, additional fiber is deployed for 5G wireless and broadband network expansion initiatives in rural markets continue. Further, as 5G networks expand outside urban areas, we believe carriers will increasingly seek to utilize electric utilities distribution systems for small cell locations, which should provide additional opportunities for Quanta. Turning to our pipeline and industrial segment. Industrial Services performed well in the quarter and are on track for another record year in 2019. Our utility-based gas distribution and Integrity operations are expanding, and demand for those services grew as utility customers execute our multi-decade system modernization and safety initiatives.  The opportunity for business work in this segment to continue to grow over the coming years, which include supporting mainline and midstream infrastructure, downstream industrial services, natural gas distribution, pipeline integrity, MSAs, pipeline logistics management, horizontal directional drilling, drill services and engineering. Our pipeline construction operations also executed well during the quarter and we continue to actively pursue a meaningful number of large pipeline projects throughout North America. As natural gas main lines from the Marcellus and Utica shales are placed into service to provide market access, we believe natural gas production will grow and our midstream operations in the Appalachian region will experience increased activity.  Additionally, we were actively building midstream infrastructure in the Bakken, DJ and Permian basins. We are also seeing multiple pipeline opportunities driven by LNG and petroleum export development in the United States and Canada and are well positioned to benefit from these growing markets. Other increasing oil and natural gas production in West Texas is outstripping available mainline capacity and there are a number of pipeline projects in various stages of permitting and development to move oil and gas from West Texas to market. We have strong midstream in mainline pipeline capabilities in Texas and other regions of North America and are actively pursuing opportunities that could result in project awards as we progress through the year.  Demand for our services is high and industry resources are increasingly strained as a result of the historic levels of customers capital and operating investments. We expect to self-perform approximately 85% of our revenues this year, which allows us to provide cost certainty to our customers, control quality and mitigate execution risk. The solutions we provide are specialized and we have the largest skilled workforce in the industry, which continues to grow as we meet the growing needs of our customers' multi-year capital spending plans. For many years Quanta has made strategic investments in safety, training and recruiting to become increasingly stuff reliant and to ensure we have the qualified workforce necessary to meet the needs of our customers and grow our business. Our ongoing investment in training through Quanta's world-class training facility, Northwest Lineman College, our partnership and affiliations with educational and trade groups and our other regional activity all demonstrate our commitment to developing qualified labor to meet the longer term needs of our customers and safety of our employees, what sets us apart in the marketplace. In summary, our record first quarter results reflect a solid start to the year, due to these results increased visibility for our electric power services and confidence in our ability to safely execute, we have increased our full year financial expectations. Quanta is performing well operationally and we continue to execute well against our strategic plan. Our end markets visibility are strengthening and we continue to believe we're in a multi-year up cycle with the opportunity for continued record backlog and results in 2019. We expect our base business continue to grow and account for approximately 90% of our revenues in 2019. We continue to see more than $3 billion of larger electric transmission project opportunities and more than three billion dollars of larger pipeline project opportunities that could be awarded over the coming quarters.  There are also opportunities for new multi-year alliance programs over the near, medium term and we expect robust growth from our communications infrastructure services operations with improved profitability. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class built leadership, we will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's base business and leadership position in the industry and provide an innovative solutions to our customers.  I believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mind set form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long term value for all our stakeholders. With that I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jenson, our CFO for his review for our first quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen : Thanks, Duke, and good morning everyone. Today we announced record first quarter revenues of $2.8 billion, 16% increase over the first quarter of 2018. For the first quarter of 2019, net income attributable to common stock was $120.5 million or $0.82 per diluted share.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share, and non-GAAP measure was $0.96, included in GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2019 is the recognition of $60.3 million or $0.30 per diluted share, attributable to previously deferred earnings related to the Fort McMurray West electric transmission project.  Excluding this benefit, GAAP diluted earnings per share increased $0.28 or 117%. And adjusted diluted earnings per share increased $0.27 or 69% compared to the first quarter of 2018. Discussing our segment results, our electric power revenues increased to 6% when compared to the first quarter of 2018 to $1.66 billion and represents record first quarter revenues for the segment. This increase reflects continued momentum in our base business due to robust transmission, distribution and communication spending by our customers.  The strength of the base business in the first quarter of 2019 offset approximately $106 million in reduced revenues from larger projects, as well as lower levels of emergency restoration services compared with the first quarter of 2018. As Duke mentioned, in the first quarter of 2019, the Fort McMurray project was energized. However, the project had substantially reduced activities compared to the first quarter of 2018.  In addition, while emergency restoration services decreased relative to the first quarter of 2018, we still exceeded our expectations, generating approximately $58 million of revenues during the quarter. Operating margin in the electric power segment was 9.7% in the first quarter of 2019, as compared to 9% in the first quarter of 2018. Excluding our communications operations, which are included within the electric power segment, electric power margins were approximately 10%.  Higher margins were attributable to solid execution across the segment aided by elevated levels of spending on continuing fire hardening programs on the West Coast, which helped to offset normal seasonal effects within the segment. Communications infrastructure services operations continued to deliver both revenue growth and margin improvement led by performance in our US operations. Margins for these operations approach mid-single digits improved for the fourth consecutive quarter and we expect continued incremental margin improvement during 2019. Our ongoing larger communications project in Latin America has continued to run into delays due to severe weather permitting a land acquisition. We had been working collaboratively with our customer and until recently had been receiving ongoing extensions as these items were outside of our control. We had reached certain milestones and despite our efforts, the customer was unwilling to accept delivery of the completed portions and delayed payment.  Subsequent to the quarter however, the customer position towards contract cancellation and the presentation of demand payment models. We believe that our likely next step is arbitration and that we have substantive positions to obtain equitable resolution. Our pipeline and industrial segment revenues increased 34.6% when compared to the first quarter of 2018 to $1.14 billion.  This increase is attributable to both increased revenues from larger projects as 2018 larger project timing was weighted towards the second half of the year as well as increased based business activities as our gas distribution, small transmission and industrial services all experienced growth when compared to the first quarter of 2018.  Operating margin for the pipeline and industrial segment increased to 3.6% in 1Q'19 from 1.2% in 1Q'18. This was primarily due to the increased contribution of revenues from larger projects, which typically provide opportunity for higher margin coupled with improved execution from our operations in weather sensitive regions, which were negatively impacted in the first quarter of 2018.  Partially offsetting this performance was approximately $8 million of increased estimated cost and reserves for potential liquidated damages relating to a processing facility project that was approximately 95% complete as of March 31. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $7.1 million in the first quarter of 2019, as compared to the first quarter of 2018, primarily due to increased intangible amortization expense and increased compensation expense to support business growth. Overall, these segment results combined to deliver record first quarter adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure of $202 million, an increase of $45 million or 29% when compared to the first quarter of 2018. For the first quarter of 2019, we had negative free cash flow of $141 million, cash flow used by operating activities was $83 million and net capital expenditures were $58 million.  Increased working capital requirements to support fire hardening programs contributed to the negative cash flow from operating activities. Also, as we discussed on last quarter's call, PG&E filed for bankruptcy protection during the first quarter. In conjunction with the bankruptcy filing, payment of all Pre-Petition Receivables was stayed as bankruptcy proceedings progressed. Our Pre-Petition Receivables totaled approximately $157 million and remained outstanding as of March 31, 2019.  In April, the bankruptcy court approved the assumption of two contracts by PG&E, which will result in the payment of approximately $116 million of the pre-petition receivables in the near term. We believe this development and the speed at which significant portions of pre-petition receivables were resolved underscores the collaborative nature of our customer relationships and the value that our customers place on our abilities to strategically support them. Additionally, DSO for the quarter was 88 days, an increase of 11 days when compared to 77 days for the same period in 2018. Although it impacted to some extent by billing process changes for a few customers, the elevated DSO level is predominantly attributable to the payment schedule for the Fort McMurray project, including the reclassification of significant retainers balances from long-term to current receivables during this quarter.  During the first quarter 2019, we repurchased 376,000 shares of outstanding common stock in the open market for $12 million. After these repurchases, we had approximately $287 million of availability remaining on our $500 million stock repurchase authorization. Additionally, during the first quarter of 2019, we announced our second quarterly cash dividend of $0.04 per share, totaling $5.9 million. At March 31, 2019, we had $891 million in total liquidity, which results in a debt-to-EBITDA ratio as calculated under our senior secured credit agreement of approximately 1.75 times.  As of March 31, 2019, our aggregate total remaining performance obligations were estimated to be approximately $4.7 billion, approximately 70% of which is expected to be recognized in the next 12 months.  Our aggregate total backlog as of March 31, 2019 was $12.6 billion, an increase of 8% over the first quarter of 2018 and 2.2% over year-end. 12-month backlog was $6.9 billion in line with the first quarter of 2018 and December 31. The growth in total backlog reflects the continued strength of our end markets, our ability to capitalize on opportunities and specifically the longer-term demand for our base business activities. Turning to guidance. Due to our solid first quarter performance, continued strength in our base business and improved visibility into the remainder of the year, we are increasing our consolidated revenue range to be between $11.2 billion and $11.6 billion with $300 million of that increase attributable to the electric segment.  Our full year margin expectations for both the electric power and pipeline and industrial segments are unchanged from our initial guidance and continue to reflect confidence in our ability to execute across our end markets. Of note, with regard to seasonality within the electric power segment, due in part to the acceleration of Fort McMurray project revenues into the first quarter and other project timing shifts, we expect second quarter electric segment margins to likely be the lowest margin quarter for the year. With the expected increase in revenues, we are increasing our full-year earnings per share expectations to range between $2.86 and $3.32 and our adjusted earnings per share expectations to range between $3.40 and $3.86. We've also increased our expectations for adjusted EBITDA to range between $905 million and just over $1 billion.  From a cash flow perspective, we continue to forecast free cash flow between $300 million and $500 million. However, due to the timing of certain cash receipts during the first quarter, coupled with our increased full year revenue expectations, we are increasing our forecasted interest expense to range between $47 million and $49 million. Similar to prior years, additional working capital required to support incremental awards or revenue growth in excess of our current forecast could put pressure on our expectations for free cash flow and interest expense. As a reminder, we've posted our guidance summary on the Investors & Media section of our website, which presents our current full year expectations in greater detail. We believe our first quarter performance and increased annual guidance continue to reflect the strength of our end markets and particularly the momentum in our base business, which currently represents approximately 90% of our 2019 revenue expectation.  We remain operationally and financially well-positioned to capitalize on larger project opportunities and are confident in our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives. This concludes our formal presentation and we will now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Tahira Afzal: Thank you. Great quarter, folks, first of all. I guess my first question is in regards to the pipeline space, obviously -- or I should say, oil and gas, obviously a very strong quarter for you as well on the margin side. Within that I would love to get a sense of how the pipeline integrity business is doing? I know you've already focused on some of the margins there as well and are we seeing the improvements you were hoping for?
Earl Austin : Thanks, Tahira. When we look at the pipeline segment, our LDC business, the utility side of it's doing very well. We came through the quarter quite nicely, we said we would focus on the earnings, the margins there and we have, and I believe you're starting to see some of that show up in the quarter, we look at our industrial segment. It's certainly performing well, we said it was at record levels and we think that would stay that way throughout 2019. So that's done very well.  Our big pipe, we're seeing activity there, we have not started yet really in the season. So that'll be in the latter half of the year. When we look at Canada, we are seeing some comeback of our midstream business in Canada as well as in the Bakken and Texas.  So overall, the things that we're working on are starting to come together. We're starting to see some margin pull through in the segment and especially on the underlying business with the integrity and our utility side of that business. So we're pretty proud of what we're able to accomplish.
Tahira Afzal: Okay, great. And the second question is on the transmission side, Duke, you talked about the $3 billion, but do you know when we tally our prospects out there now and to your point, we've seen some other ones in Canada has finally come back on the map. Could that end up being a conservative estimate for you? Just based on what we're seeing and based on the last cycle, we saw right back in 2013. Everything kind of piles up together. Is there a bias for that $3 billion to be revised up going forward?
Kip Rupp: I think when we talk about our large projects, we're pretty conservative on any side of that and certainly the numbers that we're chasing are much larger than that. I think it's more so, just to say that when we look at it, there still that $3 billion on both sides of the business out there, and have lot of large projects that number fluctuates. But certainly, that -- if you look at our pipeline, it's much bigger than those numbers.
Tahira Afzal: Thanks, Duke and congrats to your team.
Earl Austin : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noel Dilts built Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Noelle Dilts: Thanks and congratulations on a good quarter. Just given that we're in such a tight labor market and I know that Quanta has taken the lot of actions to try and ensure that you have a strong supply of labor. Can you comment on just generally from a high level, if you do you think that there the labor is getting tight in any of your markets. And if basically your position as an employer of choice is beginning to become more valuable?
Earl Austin : Thanks, Noelle. When we look at Quanta in general, I think -- that's what we focus on a specialized skilled labor and our ability to perform. So for us, a tight labor market bodes well goes well and I think we've done a necessary investment and we've talked about a $100 million of investment with labor training -- up training.  So I think all those things that we've done in the past are starting to pay dividends in the future. And I do think when we move forward labor will be key for us to have some growth and also make sure that we are able to service our clients on this base business type utility work for the foreseeable future.  So we'll continue to concentrate ourselves on how to get labor pull through and make sure that we are training them early and getting into the field, where we can be more productive. So that is a key for our business going forward.
Noelle Dilts: Okay, thanks. And second, there's just been a little bit of discussion at FERC that came up a few months ago talking about kind of rates of return allowed on transmission and distribution lines. Any kind of high level thoughts on how that will shake out and if there'll be any impact on the industry?
Earl Austin : We're seeing different things in the States, even on some of the FERC 1000 there are some legislation in Texas on basically return -- allowing the incumbent to have first right of refusal on any FERC line. So things like that -- Look, I think you're going to see consistent returns, they are not going to get one way or the other too far and people who want to invest in infrastructure in the US for the foreseeable future, I don't think FERC, they want to build lines. We have a great Commissioner there, Chairman. So I think -- the way we see it FERC will enable construction for a long -- infrastructure builds for a long period of time.
Noelle Dilts: Great. Perfect, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys, nice quarter.
Earl Austin : Thank you.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke, you talked about fire or storm hardening and grid modernization in the past, but it seems like the focus in the US and the USS grid [ph] has continue to ramp up. But it looks like you grew very strong double digits in the quarter in your base business. So can you give us more color to how long the higher level of spend could last, do you see those build-out in the US led [ph] as a multi-year build out and your visibility into double-digit base growth now at least to the end of this year?
Earl Austin : I think we've talked about it previous quarters and even last year, we were concentrated on growing our base business, which is around 90% of the company. And when you go back and pull back in the utility side of that, we think that piece will continue to grow kind of mid-single digits and then we stand by that's sustainable, all the things that you're seeing from start fire hardening, to storm hardening, the grid modernization, it's there, it's real.  We need a modern grid, if you go into automation self driving, you're going to need a stable sustainable grid. There's tons of reports out there about it, but I think as far as we can see -- we see continued growth for our business TND space.
Andrew Kaplowitz: That's helpful. And then if I look at total backlog and pipeline industrial infrastructure did go up in the quarter despite you're saying -- there wasn't really any bigger projects that you book, so is this just what you've been talking about pipeline integrity midstream in general improving was the bigger projects I think you booked, is it really just acceleration in these sort of these businesses within the oil and gas business as well?
Earl Austin : Yes. We didn't have a large project, per se in the quarter. But certainly these larger programs alliances and some things that we're doing on Industrial Services, we're starting to see those things come into backlog -- larger programs multi-year programs that we're able to kind of put in backlog now, but we don't announce those projects on at any given time, but they are large in nature.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks guys.
Earl Austin : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Dillard, are you sure your line is not on mute. Mr. Dillard? Okay, we'll move on to Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Wilson: Hi, good morning. This is actually Kevin on for Jamie. Just a question on the free cash flow. Understanding the outstanding receivables from PG&E. I guess you have a sense of sort of the cadence of free cash flow for the rest of the year? And then, sort of related to that, are you still expecting broadly up to 50% conversion of adjusted EBITDA, because at the midpoint of your guidance, it looks like you need about $600 million of free cash flow in the remaining 9 months to achieve that. Thanks.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah. We still expect our free cash flow to still be in that kind of the $300 million to $500 million range. From a cadence perspective, similar to our previous commentary, we think it'll be largely backend loaded. The seasonality, the year will still probably put a degree of pressure into the second and third quarter with a drift in the fourth.  The largest portion of it by far will come in the fourth quarter, not uncommon though and it is relates to timing from a PG&E perspective, I would tell you that we have some visibility to be able to see some of that coming in kind of in the near term, potentially, a large portion here by the end of the second quarter. But there are some administrative things that we need to deal with as far as on our side and there is going through the administrative processes of getting those things through the system.  So I think that in the second and third quarter type dynamic is when you see some of that recovery.
Kevin Wilson: Thanks, that's helpful. And then you mentioned in the release and acquisition during the quarter, I was just wondering how significant that was, and which segment and then in general, there is the M&A pipeline, how is that looking and I don't know if you have any updated thoughts on capital allocation in general. Thanks.
Earl Austin : Yes. The acquisition was the specialized aviation company that allows us to some critical path we have on transmission, distribution that was necessary for us, so that was a smaller acquisition that was meant to support our ongoing operations in North America. And as far as M&A again we're opportunistic out there, there's a good pipeline of great businesses that are more, there's nothing eminent or large in nature from our standpoint, but certainly the markets there and we've always been a company that's acquired, we have a strategy we'll stick to it.
Derrick Jensen: Relative to size, it was a little less than about $50 million run rate revenues.
Earl Austin : And as far as allocation -- as far as cash allocation we will continue on the same path we have in the past, which is basically, we look at acquisitions, stock buybacks as dividend. So we'll look at all of those to make sure that we're enhancing shareholder value.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning guys. Nice quarter. How did -- Duke, how did stronghold do in Q1? And what's the outlook there for 2019?
Earl Austin : I mean, I think we've talked about the record of our Industrial Services business and we won't get into specifics on stronghold. But in general that segment, industrial segment that's underneath and they're performing really well, better than our expectations. So we're really proud of that, we're really proud of kind of adding that service line to the pipeline and industrial segment. So from our standpoint, we see them having a record year this year and next year was just as good.
Adam Thalhimer: Good. And then I know Atlantic Coast is not in guidance. But do you expect what's the latest thoughts on the potential first sum activity this year?
Earl Austin : We have very little expectation for Atlantic Coast this year. I think if you go back to what Dominion, Duke and others are saying it's a 2020, 2021 type build and we'll stick to their schedules.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with B Riley FBR & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel: Thanks, good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Earl Austin : Thanks Alex.
Alex Rygiel: A couple of quick questions here, you mentioned something about a Latin American telecom project, can you go back through that and how big was that and is there anything that needs to come out of backlog or has that already happened?
Earl Austin : No. The Latin America issue it was a P3 type project in Peru. And so we're well along in the project. We're just, it's been delayed for various reasons and country was necessary to kind of move this thing along as to go to some sort of arbitration at some point here. So we're working through that with the client and I think we'll get it resolved and move forward. We have a very small piece left to finish out the project.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, it's only about $30 million expectation for 2019. So it's relatively small.
Alex Rygiel: And then you also mentioned a $8 million charge in the industrial business of some sort, what was that again?
Earl Austin : That was, previously, we had talked about the processing facility and some liquidated damages that was the same processing facility. We had some delays as far as getting it complete and primarily most of that is around that delay and liquidated damage is on that project.
Earl Austin : Very helpful. And then any other sort of macro views on the world of telecom? It seems like a number of telecom customers might have kind of pulled back CapEx in the first quarter here. Is that more of a technology shift or timing shift in your mind, or is that a longer-term change in their views on how to spend CapEx?
Earl Austin : Yes, Alex, when we look at it, I mean, I think it's necessary for the fiber build. We're starting to see some of that technology and 5G play into that and their thinking. So as technology advances in 5G, you'll start to see some movement in fiber, but overall it's necessary for them to have big backbone, whether it's data centers or whatever it may be. So we continue to see quite elevated capital spends for the foreseeable future and the business, certainly timing moves around a bit, we're in good shape from our clients and the way we see it, but we're following it fairly closely. We don't see a whole lot of fundamental change, I would say 5G is probably when it gets into the dense -- out of the dense areas and over into your communities, suburbs and such, it will take longer as they use the electrical distribution system. I don't think that will be as easy as from a permitting standpoint as other things have been in the past. So that'll be a challenge for the carriers to make sure that they're working with utilities, as they get into the distribution -- electric distributions side of it.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you. Nice quarter.
Earl Austin : Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Wittmann: Hi, great. I guess my questions are probably going to be for Derrick. And I guess, I wanted to just talk about two other chunks of DSO and/or working capital cash flows. Specifically I think Derrick, you mentioned that the retainage on Fort Mac could move places on the balance sheet, presumably that means the cash is coming and soon.  I was wondering the size of that and what other contingencies need to be released or box need to be checks to be able to get the Fort Mac cash fully in the door.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, it's a reasonably sizable balance. I mean it's upwards to $90 million. It's moved from non-current to current, there isn't that much necessarily related to from a timing perspective as a hold up, it's just more kind of as you reached effective amortization this quarter, we've got to go through the final process of administrative by getting those mixed balances. I would tell you that we expect all of those remaining balances to be received tiered during 2019, probably in the second and third, maybe early part of fourth quarter time frame.
Andrew Wittmann: Helpful. And then I think you said that the PG&E receivable, the total size was 157 you're collecting a good chunk of that, but there still going to be odd $41 million that you did not comment on, what's the process for that and how should we think about that as it relates to your cash flows, balance sheet and potentially income statement as that plays out?
Derrick Jensen: Sure. Previously, we had given guidance that we expected that those balances would be beyond 2019 as it stands here today for that remaining balance of no -- contract assumption we still yet have that belief that will be beyond 2019. In fact, for that balance we've actually moved it to non-current, will be in line with the kind of a normal process of going through administratively and we're working with the customer and the courts do that level of collection.  We still have no pause relative to our position as it stands here today. We're not expecting that we will not receive full collection at this stage, we'll just be working through from a timing perspective, working with the related parties.
Andrew Wittmann: That's helpful. And then my final question I guess is just on your guidance. And I wanted to get, I guess, a different type of characterization of it. I mean first quarter I think you mentioned was ahead of expectations and you had mentioned that in the electric side you pulled some into 1Q with the strength here.  So and then in these acquisition. So, Derrick when you look at the overall guidance hike, how much of that has it changed to the balance of the year or is this really just -- you did a little bit better in first quarter and that's, just, what's the impact on the balance of the year-to-year change in guidance?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, I mean, relative to our own side of the equation and kind of looking it up from our modeling. I mean we did at a nice first quarter, but we have upped from a revenue perspective on both pipeline and electric power, a larger portion of electric power. So that is representing strengths to through the year.  We see a higher degree of potential contribution coming still yet in the third and fourth quarter due to the expanding base business, as well as some of the storm hardening work that Duke has made reference to. So from our standpoint, we see as much of the upside happening in the latter portions of the year against our own expectations versus just the contribution of the first quarter.
Andrew Wittmann: Super. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Amicucci with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Amicucci: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Quick question, just on, as we look for the outlook of electric margins. I mean, they were pretty strong in Q1, kind of approaching the high end of the range, you guys have noted that communications will dilute those margins a little bit throughout the end of the year? And so we just want to try and get some color around the trajectory you have on the -- within the communications business and how that kind of shapes up throughout the end of the year?
Earl Austin : I mean, when you look at the communications business. I think it continues to strengthen, quarter-over-quarter and when you get into the fourth quarter, you may have some seasonality, but whoever working, I think in general, will be fine there. So we continue to strengthen and we'll be prudent about how we got it. But we still believe that business is capable of margins at parity to what our electric segment doing, electric divisions doing there in the segment. So we feel like it will strengthen throughout the year in the US especially.
Nick Amicucci: All right, great. And then just shifting of the pipelines, you noted the Bakken and DJ as other basins within the US and in Western Canada as well. So just wanted to try and get some color on how active is the bidding in those regions and what kind of, I guess, how much of the pipeline portfolio do you think work in those regions and other non-Permian regions can account for moving forward?
Earl Austin : I mean, anytime you have takeaway capacity, and you have drilling activity, you'll start to see the midstream comeback, as you'll see in the Appalachian once we get some big takeaway pipe build-out of the Appalachian, you'll start to see our midstream business come back underneath.  So that's what's your seeing in Canada and Western Canada is also in the Bakken and DJ is you're seeing drilling activity and underlying that you're seeing the midstream business start to come back and we have a nice midstream business there in Canada that comes down into the Bakken region. So the activity there is robust. We like that business underneath the big pipe and it's pretty repetitive in nature. So we're working pretty hard at those regions and shales.
Nick Amicucci: Alright, great, thanks a lot guys.
Earl Austin : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of William Newby with DA Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
William Newby: Thank you and congrats on the great quarter guys.
Earl Austin : Thank you.
William Newby: I guess first of all on the pipeline side, Duke, I think you mentioned it briefly in response to Noelle earlier, but we've seen a couple of these Senate Bills and Texas pop up regarding kind of eminent domain reforms and just wondering if you have any more thoughts on where they have legs, I mean, particularly given that's in a stay that's historically been I think relatively favorable from a permitting standpoint in the past?
Earl Austin : Yeah, I think, Texas is fine and we will continue to see a lot of infrastructure build here in the state. I don't think from a legislation standpoint will see any change material that's an energy stay if people want to build infrastructure if necessary, if necessary to move it down to LNG exports out of the Gulf Coast here.  So we continue to see that build happening. I don't think anything from a regulatory standpoint, Texas for sure will cause out to have any impact. I would say that the federal administration did make some executive orders that are intended to help us and help the permitting process and give certainty to part process.  So with that, I do think federally, you'll start to see some at least some certainty and what it takes to build pipe and once you get it through FERC it will be somewhat full but not to say you won't get sued and such, but I do believe that you will prevail if you get it through FERC. And so we like all the decisions and some of the executive orders that had happened in the quarter. And we do think in the future it will certainly help infrastructure and infrastructure builds in order to move gas and liquids down to the coast or whatever it may be.
William Newby: Appreciate it. That's helpful. And then I guess -- back on the communication side. I'm wondering if you'd be willing to talk about what you're kind of mix is in that business? I mean it sounds like you guys are developing capabilities both in wire line and wireless and I guess where does that mix stand now, and where do you see it going over the next one to two years?
Earl Austin : I mean, when you look at what we're doing now in the communications business, we're building backhaul fiber for the most part or ring fiber rings. We are doing some 5G work, but I would say for us where we really start to see us getting the wireless businesses when it starts to get in the distribution side of the business, electric distribution, it takes a different class of person to put it above the primary voltages on the distribution system.  So, you will need kind of -- on the electric alignment to put that in the air and as that happens, as that they start -- the carrier start to work with utilities or the utilities even own fiber 5G per se that will bode well for Quanta. I think it's not 2019, it's more like 2020 to 2021 and beyond. And that's where I think we really start to see our wireless capabilities come into play.  But again I think when you look at what we're doing there, we're working on it methodically. We see some -- we've saw the permitting challenges, we work through that, I like where we stand, I like our cadence and how we are performing in the business is getting more profitable quarter-over-quarter as we get scale out of these offices and our opportunities continue to increase.
William Newby: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, at this time there are no further questions, I would like to turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Earl Austin : I'd like to thank the men and women in the field for the say performance in the quarter. They did exceptional. So we want to thank them, and thank you all for participating in our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you, this concludes the call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Great. Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full-year results, which can be found on the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com, along with a summary of our 2019 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Please remember the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 21, 2019, and therefore you’re advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta’s expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta’s control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today’s press release, along with the company’s 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta’s or the SEC’s website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain historical and forecasted non-GAAP financial measures in today’s call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog and EBITDA. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you’d like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign-up for e-mail alerts through the Investors & Media section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta’s President and CEO. Duke?
Earl Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call. On the call, I’ll provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta’s Chief Financial Officer, who’ll provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter results and 2019 guidance. Following Derrick’s comments, we welcome your questions. 2018 was another strong year for Quanta. We’re pleased with our results and strategic position in the marketplace. We believe our investments in craft-skilled labor and our strategy to strengthen our base business model over the last several years will continue to distinguish Quanta in the utility, energy and communications infrastructure industries. Upon transitioning into the CEO role in March of 2016, our five-year plan to create shareholder value, including – included the following key elements: focus on the base business to increase earnings stability; improve margins in each segment; generate $1 billion of repeatable and sustainable adjusted EBITDA; provide solutions to our customers through deep collaboration; and create growth platforms through service line expansion in the utility, industrial and communication industries. We have grown revenues considerably over the last three years, but more importantly, we have increased profits faster than revenues during that time and improved our return on invested capital. Many of the goals we accomplished in 2018 move us well down the path of achieving our five-year goals. Our accomplishments in 2018 include; we increased EBITDA by 27%, surpassing $900 million for the first time in Quanta’s history. We ended the year with record backlog of approximately $12.3 billion, which includes record 12-month and total backlog for our Electric Power segment. This is noteworthy and demonstrates the strength of our core operations considering we burned off significant backlog from the Fort McMurray West Electric Transmission Project in 2018, the largest project in Quanta’s history. We continue to lead the industry in safety, which we believe starts with training. We incrementally invested in our training efforts with the acquisition of Northwest Lineman College, or NLC. Since acquiring the College, we have complement their Lineman curriculum with new communications infrastructure and natural gas distribution services curriculum, which is allowing us to get employees out to the field faster and to be more productive when they get there. In 2018, NLC and Quanta staff trained more than 5,000 Quanta employees to various programs. We believe our industry-leading training and recruiting initiatives will ensure that we have the very best craft-skilled labor and enhance our ability to collaborate with our customers on future workforce needs. This further differentiates us in the marketplace as a strategic solutions provider. In response to several major severe weather events in 2018 and wildfires in California, we deployed more than 5,500 line workers to support and assist multiple customers’ power restoration efforts. We continue to focus on positioning our base business for long-term profitable growth, as evidenced by the 21% growth in master service agreement, or MSA revenues in 2018. We accomplished this through new program agreements, increased MSA share and service line expansions with many existing customers. We ended 2018 with communications backlog of approximately $760 million, a 20% increase from 2017. Our U.S. communications operations added 13 new customers, which more than doubled our U.S. customer count from prior year, and we also increased our penetration with a number of large communication providers. We believe several project and MSA opportunities could materialize in the near-term that could meaningfully increase our communications backlog. Importantly, our U.S. communications operations significantly improved their profitability in the fourth quarter, and we expect them to grow both top and bottom line results in 2019. Man-hours worked increased 18% in 2018 to record levels, and we ended the year with 39,200 employees, an increase of approximately 20% over year-end 2017. This is indicative of a strong level – levels of activity in our end markets and demand for Quanta solutions, which provide world-class execution and cost certainty for our customers’ maintenance and capital programs. And we demonstrated our commitment to stockholder value and our confidence in Quanta’s prospects by acquiring $451 million of common stock in 2018 and declaring an initial quarterly common stock dividend, the first in Quanta’s history. These are just some of our accomplishments in 2018 that put us on track to achieve our long – longer-term goals. While we are proud of these achievements, we remain focused on getting better. We continue to believe there is opportunity to create significant stockholder value, as we execute on our strategic initiatives, which include continued margin expansion, adjusted EBITDA growth and improved return on invested capital. Quanta’s end markets remain highly active, as evidenced by the double-digit revenue growth in both our segments in 2018, and we continue to believe we’re in a multi-year growth cycle. While larger projects capture the headlines and generate excitement, it is the smaller projects, maintenance services and everyday work that is driving much of our growth. We estimate this type of work grew more than 20% and accounted for approximately 80% of our revenues in 2018. Looking forward, we expect this activity to remain robust and currently accounts for approximately 90% of our revenue guidance in 2019, demonstrating the strength of our base business foundation. We operate in a variety of large addressable markets. And in the aggregate, these markets account for more than $100 billion in annual spend. We believe opportunities within our end markets could grow CapEx and OpEx spending at a mid single-digit compound annual growth rate over the medium-term, with opportunity for double-digit growth rate in some periods. The traditional electric utility model has evolved over the past 20 years for many of our longstanding customers from being heavily focused on fossil fuel-based electric power generation to an advanced integrated utility model, with a heavy focus on electric transmission and distribution investment, an increasing focus on gas distribution, as well as increasing ownership of pipeline infrastructure. Quanta has strategically evolved this business over time to meet these evolving customer needs. This has allowed us to collaborate with our customers and create unique solutions throughout the value chain that benefit the end users. Our utility customers continue to deploy capital in multi-year electric and gas transmission and distribution programs for grid modernization and reliability. Our utility customers are accommodating a changing fuel generation mix towards natural gas and renewables, replacing aging infrastructure, strengthening systems for resiliency and support long-term – and to support long-term economic growth. These programs are multi-decade modernization initiatives intended to create robust and reliable delivery systems for the future. For example, Duke Energy has a $37 billion capital plan for 2019 through 2023. Of that, 64% is allocated to electric transmission and distribution – gas distribution and integrity and midstream gas infrastructure, all core Quanta solutions. FirstEnergy's capital plan calls for approximately $2.8 billion of electric transmission and distribution investments per year through 2021. Dominion Energy plans to invest $800 million per year in the electric transmission, has a $3 billion, three-year grid modernization plan and a $2 billion multi-year strategic power infrastructure underground plan. Further, they expect to invest up to $600 million per year over the next several years for pipeline replacement and transmission pipeline modernization. All three of these utilities are meaningful Quanta customers, and we believe are representative of the multi-year investment programs across the utility industry. Additionally, over the past several years, devastating wildfires in California and hurricanes hitting the Gulf and East Coast have caused significant damage to property and life. These significant weather events have spurred our customers, state lawmakers and regulators to enhance the resiliency of the electric grid. For example, later this month, the three major California utilities filed their 2019 wildfire safety plans, which detailed approximately $4 billion of incremental strategic investments aimed at reducing fire risk and preventing future wildfires in the state. Quanta is embedded in the fabric of the North American utility industry and an important resource supporting our customers’ efforts to execute capital programs that are designed to benefit the ratepayer. These dynamics should provide Quanta with a transparent and large regulated end market that is growing and is resilient to economic uncertainty. It is important to note that more than 60% of Quanta’s revenues is directly tied to regulated electric and gas utility customers, which is core to our business. Within our Electric Power segment, our communications operations ended the year on a strong note, which contributed to revenues growth more than 50% in 2018, as compared to the prior year, led by our U.S. operations. We expect our communications operations to generate approximately $500 million in revenue in 2019, with mid single-digit operating income margins on a full-year basis. We continue to believe we have the opportunity to operate our communications business with a double-digit margin profile over time, as we continue to scale our operations. You have – you may have noticed in our earnings release this morning that we have renamed our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment to Pipeline and Industrial Infrastructure Services. We believe the new name better represents the work we do within the segment and diversity of our service offerings. Our Pipeline and Industrial operations grew strongly in 2018, driven by base business activity in our natural gas distribution, pipeline integrity and industrial services operations, as well as significantly greater larger pipeline project activity. As we have discussed previously, we continue to optimize the segment and remain focused on improving its margin profile. Furthering these objectives, we have taken steps to exit certain oil-influenced operations and assets, which we believe is largely complete and will have a favorable impact on margins going forward. Our gas distribution integrity operations expanded our margins in 2018, as organic investments during the prior year began to payoff. Further, our industrial services group had a record year in 2018, and is well-positioned for another record year in 2019 and beyond. We anticipate activity levels for our larger pipeline project market to remain elevated for at least the next few years. As pipelines are required to move, the record volumes of hydrocarbons being produced throughout North America to demand locations. Additionally, the potential for LNG export could extend the pipeline cycle, as LNG facilities are the largest consumers of natural gas and many would require new pipelines to feed their facilities. However, at times, pipelines can face challenges, for instance. The Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project, or ACP, has been halted for the past several months due to permitting issues. The project owners are confident that these permitting issues will be resolved. However, at this time, we are not certain as to when the project may resume construction. As a result, other than the limited amount of work that we believe will be performed on the project this year, we have elected to exclude it from our 2019 guidance. We expect larger pipeline projects to account for less than 10% of our 2019 consolidated revenue guidance, and we do not need any additional larger pipeline project awards to achieve our guidance. That said, we are actively bidding and negotiating a meaningful number of other larger pipeline projects throughout North America. Quanta has strategically focused on diversifying its operations across service lines and geographies in a very deliberate manner. This approach is designed to help mitigate many aspects of risk in our business, including customer, labor, project, permitting, geography, execution, weather and other risks. I believe Quanta’s diversity, scope and scale and execution capabilities are unique in our space and set us apart, both operationally and as an investment. We believe our portfolio companies, services and geographic diversity position us to profitably grow through various cycles over time. In our earnings release this morning, we provided our 2019 guidance. We want to highlight a few items when comparing 2018 to 2019, which we believe demonstrate the strength of our base business and long-term strategy. Quanta’s 2019 guidance includes a little more than $1 billion of larger project revenues versus the more than $2 billion from larger project revenues performed in 2018. This indicates the expectation for our total base business to grow by double digits in 2019. Additionally, we continue to see in excess of $6 billion in aggregate larger electric transmission and pipeline project opportunities. We self-performed more than 80% of our 2018 revenue and expect to self-perform a greater percentage of our revenue this year. With our strong execution capabilities, we believe our ability to self-perform a high percentage of our work mitigates execution risk and continues to differentiate us from peers. Also worth noting, it is the first time the midpoint of our adjusted earnings per share guidance range has exceeded $3. We believe our 2019 expectations also demonstrate favorable end market trends, the impact of strategic initiatives, the strength of our operations, our ability to safely execute and our strong competitive position in the marketplace. As we typically do at the beginning of the year, we have taken a prudent approach to the revenue and margin ranges in our guidance to reflect what we believe are possible outcomes based on the risk inherent in our business. As the year progresses and we gain better visibility in our performance, project timing and industry dynamics, we anticipate being able to refine our expectations. In summary, Quanta performed well operationally against our strategic plan in 2018, which yielded record results. Our end markets and visibility are strengthening, and we continue to believe we are in a multi-year upcycle with the opportunity for continued record backlog and results in 2019. We expect our base business to continue to grow. We see opportunities for larger electric transmission and pipeline project opportunities to materialize over the coming quarters. There are continued opportunities for multi-year alliance programs over the near and medium-term, and we expect robust growth from our communications infrastructure services operations with improved profitability. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class build leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta’s base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta’s diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset is the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our fourth quarter results and 2019 guidance. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record revenues of $3.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2018, a 25.6% increase over the fourth quarter of 2017. Net income attributable to common stock was $56.8 million, or $0.38 per diluted share, compared to $113.6 million, or $0.72 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2017. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was a record $0.96 for the fourth quarter of 2018, as compared to $0.45 for the fourth quarter of 2017. Certain items impacted the fourth quarter of 2018 and 2017 and were reflected as adjustments in Quanta’s adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock calculation, which I’ll discuss throughout my remarks. Discussing our segment results. Electric power revenues increased 5.4% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2017 to a record $1.66 billion. This increase was primarily due to increased customer spending aided by approximately $40 million in revenues from acquired businesses, $24 million of incremental emergency restoration service revenues and approximately $14 million of increased communication infrastructure services revenues. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment was 9.8% in the fourth quarter of 2018, which is relatively comparable to the fourth quarter of 2017. Our communications operations are included within our Electric Power segment and notably, the U.S. portion of these operations generated its first quarterly profit. On an annual basis, the Electric Power segment grew almost 15% for the year, with revenues at a record $6.4 billion and operating income grew over $110 million, or 21% to a record $628 million. Without the dilution from our communications operations, electric power revenues generated margins in excess of 10% for the year. Our Pipeline and Industrial segment revenues increased 61%, when compared to the fourth quarter 2017 to a record $1.45 billion in 4Q 2018, with the most significant contribution coming from higher revenues related to larger pipeline projects due to the timing of projects. Also contributing to the increase was continued growth in our gas distribution services, which have had steady growth throughout the year. Finally, industrial services experienced another quarter of strong growth, although, in part, due to the negative impact of Hurricane Harvey in the fourth quarter 2017. Operating margin increased to 3.7% in 4Q 2018, which excluding the impact of the asset impairment charge that negatively impacted the segment by 340 basis points, would have been 7.1%. This compares to 2.1% in 4Q 2017. As Duke mentioned in his comments, we have taken actions to exit certain oil-influenced operations and assets and as a result, we recorded asset impairment charges of $49 million, or $0.24 per diluted share. This charge offsets the otherwise strong performance across the segment. Compared to 4Q 2017, overall higher segment revenues also favorably impacted margins, as it improved fixed cost absorption in the segment. Corporate and non-allocated costs decreased $54 million in the fourth quarter 2018, as compared to 4Q 2017, primarily due to $58 million of goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges recognized during 2017, which were partially offset by $2.3 million in higher intangible amortization during 2018. With the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December 2017, we initially recorded the tax benefit of $70 million, or $0.44 per diluted share in the fourth quarter 2017. Subsequent regulations and interpretations have been issued during 2018, which further adjusted the tax treatment of certain items. In the fourth quarter of 2018, we recorded a net tax charges of $36 million, or $0.24 per share, primarily related to reserves taken on previously recognized foreign tax credits in response to the new regulations. The fourth quarter 2018 free cash flow was approximately $80 million. For the full-year 2018, cash flows provided by operating activities were $359 million, net capital expenditures were $261 million, resulting in free class flow of $98 million, compared to $152 million of free cash flow in 2017. This decrease was largely due to higher working capital requirements, driven by the increase in 2018 revenues, particularly the increased activity in 4Q 2018, when compared to 4Q 2017. DSO was 74 days at year-end 2018, down from 78 days as of the end of the third quarter, which positively contributed to the fourth quarter cash flows and was improved from 76 days at year-end 2017. During the fourth quarter of 2018, we repurchased $234 million of outstanding common stock in the open market, acquiring 7.7 million shares. With these repurchases, we acquired a total of 13.9 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $451 million during 2018. We had approximately $299 million of availability remaining on our $500 million stock repurchase authorization at December 31, 2018. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2018, we announced an initial quarterly cash dividend of $0.04 per share, demonstrating our continued confidence and stability of our base business, long-term growth prospect and commitment to enhancing shareholder value. The first cash dividends totaling $5.8 million were paid in January 2019. At December 31, 2018, we had $1.2 billion in total liquidity. We ended the year with a debt to EBITDA ratio as calculated under our senior secured credit agreement of approximately 1.6 times, which we believe is prudent in order to support the working capital demands of our growing business and allow us to continue to pursue opportunistic deployments of capital for acquisitions, investments, share repurchases and cash dividend payments. Before I turn to backlog and our guidance for 2019, I’d like to pause and provide an update on a key customer relationship. As many of you are aware, PG&E, one of our larger customers, filed for bankruptcy protection on January 29, 2019. As of the bankruptcy filing date, we had receivables from PG&E totaling approximately $150 million. As a key partner to PG&E, we have continued to support them with services that we believe are important to the safety and reliability of their systems. We are monitoring the bankruptcy proceeding and maintaining communications with PG&E management regarding the treatment of our pre-petition receivables, as well as their need for our services going forward. We currently believe we will ultimately collect our pre-petition receivables. However, as with any bankruptcy, that belief is based on a number of assumptions that are potentially subject to change as the case progresses and therefore, our assessment of collectability could change in the future. We also believe that PG&E will have sufficient debtor-in-possession financing to fund its ongoing operations and therefore, are confident we will be paid for our post-petition services in the ordinary course. Turning to backlog and our guidance for 2019. As of December 31, 2018, our aggregate total remaining performance obligations were estimated to be approximately $4.7 billion, approximately 66% of which is expected to be recognized in the first 12 months. Our aggregate total backlog as of December 31, 2018 was a record $12.3 billion and 12-month backlog was $7 billion. These represent increases of 10.4% and 8.2%, respectively, over the prior year and reflect the continued strength of our end markets and opportunities and specifically, the continued growth of our base business, which Duke referenced in his comments. For the Electric Power segment, 12-month backlog was $4.6 billion and total backlog for the segment was $8.5 billion, both represent records with increases of 13% and 16%, respectively, when compared to 4Q 2017. 12-month backlog for the Pipeline and Industrial segment was $2.4 billion and total backlog was $3.8 billion, slightly decreasing from December 31, 2017. Turning to guidance. For the full-year 2019, consolidated revenues are expected to range between $10.8 billion and $11.2 billion. Our range of revenue guidance contemplates Electric Power segment revenues of $6.7 billion to $6.9 billion, which reflects our confidence in the continued momentum in our electric power and communications operations and particularly our base business. Of note, this represents segment revenue growth over 2018, which included a full-year of revenue contribution from construction activities on the Fort McMurray West Transmission Project, as well as above the average emergency restoration revenues of approximately $241 million. Our 2019 guidance contemplates a much lower contribution of larger project revenues and approximately $100 million of emergency restoration revenues, in line with historical averages. As it relates to seasonality within the Electric Power segment, we expect revenue growth in each quarter of 2019, compared to 2018, with quarter-over-quarter growth in the second quarter potentially exceeding 10%. We expect growth to moderate in the fourth quarter, partially due to the higher levels of emergency response services in 2018. We expect the high-end of our revenue range to represent greater revenue growth opportunities in the third and fourth quarters relative to 2018. We see 2019 operating margins for the Electric Power segment to be between 9.5% and 10%. We expect that seasonal effect on margins will be comparable to 2018, but first quarter operating margins expected to be the lowest for the year, growing in the second and third quarters and then experiencing a slight decline in the fourth quarter. Although the high-end of our full-year Electric Power segment expectations contemplate double-digit margins, our communications operations continue to ramp slightly diluting margins in the segment. However, we believe communications operating income margins could exceed 6% for the year and reach upper single digits on a quarterly basis by the end of the year. Pipeline and Industrial revenues are expected to range between $4.1 billion and $4.3 billion. We see double-digit quarter-over-quarter revenue growth in the first quarter, with revenues growing sequentially through the third quarter. Revenues as compared to 2018 are expected to be lower on a quarter-over-quarter basis for the second, third and fourth quarters, with fourth quarter revenues potentially declining over 30% relative to 2018. After two years, much larger pipeline projects contributed to $1.5 billion in revenues, our range contemplates a significantly lower contribution from larger projects, reflecting the impact of project delays on the previously announced large diameter pipeline project award, which Duke discussed in his prepared comments. The midpoint of our guidance for larger project work includes approximately $850 million of signed or verbally awarded work, the lowest levels we’ve experienced since 2015. While our ability to deliver on larger projects remains a strategic differentiator, we expect base business growth to partially offset this decline, as demand for our services in the gas utility and industrial markets continues to provide meaningful growth opportunities. Of particular note, our 2019 guidance requires no additional larger project awards in excess of the $850 million, I previously referenced, and contemplates base business revenues at a level 75% higher than comparable revenues in 2015. Overall, Pipeline and Industrial segment operating margins are expected to improve over 2018 and be between 5.5% and 6.5%. As we have discussed in years past, our first quarter traditionally has lower activity in our gas distribution business due to weather seasonality, which impacts our revenues and pressures margins. We expect margins will improve into the second and third quarters, but the decline in revenues and normal seasonality will cause margins to decline sequentially in the fourth quarter. We anticipate net interest expense to be approximately $42 million for 2019. As we have previously discussed, our other expense and income line includes the deferral of a portion of the profit on construction activity for projects in which we have an ownership interest. In the first-half of 2019, the Fort McMurray West Transmission Project is expected to be completed and placed in commercial operations. And at that time, we will recognize the deferred profit that has been recognized as a component of other expense in both 2018 and 2017. We currently believe this may happen at the end of the first quarter. Although this reversal will not contribute to operating income or EBITDA in 2019, as it has been included in our operating results in prior years, it will positively impact our earnings per share. We estimate the recognition of approximately $60 million of previously deferred profit into other income this year or the equivalent of $0.30 in diluted earnings per share. Overall, we expect other income for the year to range between $60 to $65 million. One more added bit of discussion for further color in evaluating year-over-year adjusted EPS growth. This diluted earnings per share contribution could be viewed operationally as $0.24 of diluted earnings per share related to profit deferred from 2018 and $0.05 of diluted earnings per share related to profit deferred from 2017. We are currently projecting our effective tax rate for 2019 to be 29.5% – to be between 29.5% and 30% for the year, with the first quarter rate being as low as 29.2%, due to the tax effect to stock-based compensation, the majority of which impacts the first quarter. These operating ranges support our expectation for net income attributable to common stock of $407 million to $473 million and adjusted EBITDA between $875 million and $975 million for the full-year 2019. For purposes of calculated diluted and adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ended 2019, we are assuming around 147.2 million weighted average shares outstanding. We estimate our range of GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock for the year to be between $2.76 and $3.21 and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $3.30 and $3.75. We estimate our capital expenditures for the year to be between $260 million and $275 million. With revenues at the midpoint of our guidance leveling off after years of substantial growth due to the timing of larger projects and the corresponding reduction in investments and working capital, free cash flow for 2019 could be meaningfully improved from prior years. Over the last three years, due largely to annual revenue growth in excess of 10%, our cash conversion ratio and non-GAAP measure or free cash flow divided by adjusted EBITDA averaged around 20%. In 2019, we could see free cash flow growing to between $300 million and $500 million, or cash conversion ratio of up to 50%. However, similar to prior years, the addition of incremental awards or higher levels of revenue growth than currently forecasted could put pressure on our free cash flow expectations. As we close out 2018 and look ahead to 2019, I believe both years stand out. 2018 set records every quarter and ended with 18% revenue growth, 27% adjusted EBITDA growth and 43% adjusted EPS growth, a level of performance delivered by our employees that we believe deserves special recognition. Like the records for the year, the number of highlights are too numerous to mention, but include double-digit growth in both segments and base business activity, continued strong execution on the largest project in company history, margin increases in all major segment areas, and industry-leading expansion and safety and training efforts, all with the capital capacity and allocation backdrop of the expansion of our available credit by almost $800 million, the repurchase of $451 million in common stock, the acquisition of four companies for $146 million in total consideration and the initiation of a dividend, all while maintaining a well-positioned financial profile, a fitting year to celebrate our 20th-year of operations. Although 2018 was an exceptional year of record performance across our operations, I believe 2019 could be the most significant year in our history. One of our primary focus is, as we embarked on our strategic plan at the beginning of 2016, was to grow the base business and establish a more repeatable and sustainable EBITDA. As we have commented throughout our prepared remarks, with the push of various projects from 2019 to 2020, the roll out of significant projects and the decline in strong response revenues, we head into 2019 with over $1 billion of revenue headwinds. Despite that, our 2019 adjusted EBITDA expectations show an increase at the midpoint of our guidance and importantly, imply adjusted EBITDA growth of almost $400 million from the start of our strategic plan. Additionally, we expect almost 90% of our revenues this year to come from what we consider to be a base business, the highest percentage in a decade, which would represent a $3.5 billion base business revenue increase from the start of our strategic plan. Our goal has been to capitalize on the revenue growth opportunities within the business and have that translate into increased value to shareholders through margin expansion and capital allocation initiatives. At the midpoint of our expectations for 2019, our revenues will have grown at a 10% compound annual growth rate since 2015. More importantly, during the same period, our adjusted EBITDA will have grown at over a 15% CAGR and our adjusted EPS will have grown at well over a 30% CAGR. As 2019 kicks off our third decade of operations, I believe represents a type of year that Quanta was originally founded for 20 years ago and establishes a new base against we can measure ourselves. This concludes our formal presentation. And we’ll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Alan Fleming with Citi. Pleased proceed with your question.
Alan Fleming: HI, good morning, guys. Duke, you talked about, obviously, lower levels of large diameter pipeline in 2019, $850 million lowest level since 2015. Maybe you can just talk about your confidence that this is only a low – temporary low in the current up-cycle and not a kind of cooling off of that cycle? And and maybe your visibility on the large diameter side and opportunities to redeploy some of the available capacity that you had for Atlantic Coast, both in 2019 and 2020, how are you thinking about that?
Earl Austin: Yes, thank you. I think when we look at the segment itself and what we have this year, we’re confident the $850 million, we don’t need any extra awards to achieve our midpoint of our guidance. We’re looking at the company and the portfolio. We’re also looking at the segment with our large diameter pipe becoming less and less of that segment. It’s more steady. It’s less risk and we continue to perform underneath the large diameter pipe. And saying that, the opportunities are still there. We talked about $6 billion in total for both electric and gas. We continue to see opportunities this year and into the future. By no means that we think we’re at the bottom of the cycle, but it will cycle. It is a cyclical business in large diameter pipe. We continue to make that less of that segment over time and we’re growing underneath quite nicely. We’re real proud of where the segment sits. The opportunities are still there. We talked about the LNG exports. We talked about moving gas and – of the Permian down into the load centers. So there’s plenty of opportunity out there and there’s plenty of opportunity to backfill second-half of the year and on into next year. We still like that segment and still like that large diameter pipe business.
Alan Fleming: Okay. And Derrick, maybe you can help us with some of the puts and takes on the margin guidance in electric power and business is growing, but the midpoint of your margin guidance is kind of flattish year-over-year. So is there anyway to kind of quantify the impact you’re seeing from lower levels of large project work and less storm work and then the drag from communications that is continuing to grow? And besides operating leverage, is – are there any positive offset that are helping you to absorb some of those headwinds?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, broadly, I mean, when you look through the communications dilution into 2019, I think it’s important to recognize that we so look at the Electric Power segment to have the ability to operate at a double-digit margin. That’s our target margin percentage. At the midpoint of the guidance right now, the electric power as a standalone is operating at double-digit margins, which considering the contribution that we’ve had from the large project here in 2018 that contributed being able to get to that performance. We’re still pleased with where that margin performance is overall coming out. We think long-term, that’s the target margin. Communications providing a little bit of headwind against that in – from a segment perspective. But to that end, we still think that can ultimately operated at around a 6% margin performance with a growing level of margin contributions through the year exiting, as we’ve said before, kind of in the double-digit margin profile as well. So, we’re – we feel like that the strength of the segment is still operating there. It’s important to think that – back on the large projects side, I mean, a large project component of electric power is ultimately the smallest contribution in a decade. And so to the extent that we’re able to operate at a double-digit profile of electric power. That’s that base business contribution and showing that the portfolio is still ultimately able to execute.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Tahira Afzal: Hi, thank you and congrats on a very strong quarter by the way.
Earl Austin: Thank you.
Tahira Afzal: Duke, first question is, you talked about earlier in your prepared commentary about sort of a mid single-digit growth rate for the industry. Given what seems to be an edge that you have from all the training facilities, should be assume that should provide you an edge to really outperform the industry growth trends over, let’s say, a three to five-year time horizon?
Earl Austin: Yes, thank you. I think I was speaking to us and the industry. Look, I don’t – can’t comment on that, you have to look at it. But when I see it – when we see our growth patterns, we say mid to upper single digits. You can go back through the years and look at our performance and look at what we’ve done based upon craft-skilled labor putting people in the field and our ability to do so. I like our chances to continue to grow that. We set up or to mid single digits over time. And if you’re coming off, let’s just call it, 90% in the base business and we’re growing to mid to upper single digits. You’re growing quite nicely and it’s repetitive, it’s resilient and we like the backdrop which is 60% of it is based upon utility spends.
Tahira Afzal: Got it. Okay, Duke. And second question for me. It’s good to hear about your conversion rate to free cash flow. If I look at some of your peers and other industries that have more of the business base driven by base load activity, which is the way you’re converging. The free cash flow rates are 70%-plus, so I don’t know, but this is a question for Duke or Derrick. But over time, where do you see your conversion rates going?
Derrick Jensen: I would just say in general – I’ll let Derrick comment. But in general, with the growth that’s underneath of the base upper single digits on, call it, $9 billion, it’s quite a bit of growth underneath. And that’s – and if you look at us, we self-perform about 85% to 90% of our business. So in saying that, we derisk our business from a labor standpoint and I hear quite a bit from peers and such that they have labor issues. I don’t think we have that. I think when you look at us, we execute quite nicely in our base business. So – and I’ll turn the rest to Derrick.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. And on the base business side, I mean, to the extent that we see those levels of growth. I mean, one of things that we’ve always said is the high levels of growth will require a level of working capital commitment. So that base business is still you’re consuming that. And then the other thing unique to 2019 is that, as we commented, we do have some pre-petition receivables that are out there that we did not forecast to be turning to cash. In 2019, we think that’s conservative position, so that also weighs on the conversion rate unique to the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Dilts: Hi, thanks, and again congrats on a nice quarter. first just – first on the electric side looking at the strong growth you’re expecting in the base business. Could you kind of give us a feel for your thoughts on just the general trends in the underlying end markets versus what you think you may be gaining through share gain? And then if you could comment on how some of the events – expand upon how some of the events like the wildfires in California and other natural disasters are impacting how utilities are thinking about grid resilience?
Earl Austin: Yes. Thanks, Noelle. I think if you look at the data that’s out there, you’ll see many of our customers are investing in both CapEx for storm hardening, which is related to wildfires storms around the Gulf Coast, East Coast. So those things continue to happen, they’ve happened over time. It seems like it’s more frequently – I’ve seen it go both ways, where you have natural disasters that are quite prevalent for two or three years and then there’s a low. So, whether something we can’t predict, but we do see a lot of that today. I do believe that the most of the public is willing to pay for resiliency and that’s what you’re seeing with the grid. And in general, you’re also seeing different forms of generation going into renewables or natural gas. So the grid is moving around from a transmission standpoint to accept those that load on to the systems. And also the last thing I would just say is, the modernization is certainly taking place and it’s broad based. It’s not one customer, it’s across the Board and it’s necessary to have a modern system in a modern economy. And I think it’s – I think our customers and ultimately the ratepayer benefits from the investment that’s been done and continuing. I do believe we’re in early cycles as well.
Noelle Dilts: Okay, thanks. And then you kind of touched on this a bit. But just given some of the regulatory delays in – on the large project pipeline side, pushing out some of that work. Are you seeing any kind of increased competition for small to medium type of work, as competitors or other players who may have been on some of those lines trying to fill their book?
Earl Austin: I think, in general, we’ve really concentrated on that base and making sure that we’ve grown that and really at the customer level collaborating with them. We really see us just continuing to grow that out. As far as the FERC and all the decisions that are made thereon, let’s call it, MVP, ACP or whatever you would like to talk about. There’s plenty of opportunities underneath all that, that don’t make the headlines that are $90 million or $100. It’s not the big project that we tend to talk about everyday. There’s lots of those out there. There’s lots of opportunities for us across the Board on those projects. We’re pleased with where we sit, more pleased with how we’re executing. And I still think it goes unnoticed that last year we had about $2 billion of large projects. In the guidance this year, there’s about a $1 billion. All that is base business growth that you see into 2019 that I still think goes unnoticed. We continue to talk about a very, very, very small position of what we’re discussing in 2019. So I just want to reiterate, again, the growth of the company at the base level and the margins around it that are sustainable and resilient.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Duke, I guess, my first question. If I look at your oil and gas margins in 2019 compared to 2018, your guide implies they’re up year-over-year, even if you add back the asset impairment charging in the fourth quarter, with significantly less mainline pipe business. So what I’m trying to understand is the profitability of your base business within oil and gas? And I guess, as I think over the long-term, is there a path to get your oil and gas base business margins more comparable to what we’re seeing in electric power, because your electric power margins are 10% with little large project work. So I’m just wondering if oil and gas can get to electric power margins in similar base business over time? Because if that’s true, that’s a pretty compelling story? My second question is, as I think about your 2019 guide again for electric power and oil and gas, you’re not assuming much in large projects. Is there less work you need to win to achieve your guidance in 2019? And then if we do get some larger projects, can you help me understand the operating leverage we should get within each of the segments? Thank you.
Earl Austin: Yes. Thanks, Jamie. First to address the base business and the margins, I think, as a company as a whole, we work in a portfolio and many offices are consolidated. So when we look at that and we look at the company as a whole, we stated our goal, an adjusted EBITDA of 10%, we stand by it. And saying that, obviously, the gas margins are depressed. But you can see the guide from where we ended the year at 5.4%, ended the guide at 6%. That’s on less risk what we consider more sustainable margins going in. That being said, we’ve talked about mid to upper single digits and the base in the gas side and I still believe those are achievable. The large projects, as we – we’re talking about, we need – we’ve also taken a prudent approach in our guidance. We have to work through contingencies on the larger projects as well as the base. We’re in seasonality of weather and such. And so we do take all this into account. You don’t hear us comment too much about, well, Atlantic Coast pushed or this pushed. We don’t make a lot of press releases on that. It’s because we work through these things and we work through our contingencies. So we do understand the risk of those types and we have taken those into account. As far as the large projects this year, we have $850 million in our guidance. We feel comfortable with that. And as we go forward, there are certainly opportunities. We’re bidding work everyday. We’re negotiating work. I expect us to fill in on the back-half with work. We’ll talk about it as we get it. But again, I think, what you see is the very strength of Quanta coming together on the gas side and continuing to increase the baseline margins of the business in the gas side and ultimately, trying to achieve that adjusted EBITDA across the Board of double digits.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, guys.
Earl Austin: Good morning, Chad.
Derrick Jensen: Good morning.
Chad Dillard: Good morning. Can you give us a little more color on the guidance sensitivity relative to Atlantic Coast Pipeline? Does the low-end contemplate a full mobilization?
Earl Austin: I think what we said is minimal revenue and operating income there in the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. I think it pushes into 2020, 2021, somewhere in there. Again, we think the project is good. It’s going to go. We will defer to Dominion on timing. But as far as 2019 stands, we have very minimal revenue in it.
Derrick Jensen: And that’s actually, I’ll try to clarify. You’ve referenced it to the low-end, and that assumption that Duke made is applicable to low, medium and high-end of our guidance for oil and gas.
Chad Dillard: Got it. And then I also wanted to get more color on the $850 million of large pipeline for 2019. How much is fully permitted? And also how does that geographic distribution differ versus last year? Just trying to figure out if there’s higher Permian concentration, and what that mean for confidence that these projects may not get delayed, or held up by regulatory issues?
Earl Austin: Yes. We’re extremely confident the $850 million either mobilized or have a high degree of likelihood of mobilizing or already on the jobs. So we’re very, very confident in the $850 million guidance, and it’s basically the same North American footprint.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Wittmann: Great. Thanks. I guess, Duke, just on the oil and gas parts of the business that you’re exiting with bunch of the impairment charges. I guess a little bit of detail as to what those were and why you exited them would be helpful just so that we can understand what’s kind of core today and what is – and what is not core?
Earl Austin: Yes, sure. I think we stated all the way back to 2016, when I assumed the role as CEO that the energy-related assets and things that we do related to oil were core to us and we would continue to look for ways to exit that in a systematic way that was – that would benefit our shareholders and I think we’ve done that. When we look at the assets and they are basically supporting some of the Gulf Coast operations, marine type stuff and we exited that this year. We also wrote a boat off earlier in the year, so that was some of it and this is kind of a culmination of some of that as we move forward. I believe it’s largely complete and we like our portfolio going forward and like where we stand.
Andrew Wittmann: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just my follow-up here is, just on the terms and conditions around some of the pipeline awards that you’re at least looking at right now on the larger side. Clearly, there has been delays and permitting issues across the Board. We’ve seen, I think, in the public markets different contract styles that are negotiating. Under the ones that you’re looking at right now, are you still getting – or can you talk about the level of protections that you’re getting from regulatory or permit-induced stand-down, just so we can kind of evaluate the rest as those continue to fall into backlog?
Earl Austin: Yes. I think our projects, I would say, we’re not incurring cost on any of our delayed projects, it would be cost-neutral at a minimum. So we feel like we have done a nice job of protecting ourselves against permanent risk. It’s a collaborative effort with their owners. We want to make sure that we’re both collaborative with them. We understand the risk and we’re certainly in a – discussions with them on a daily basis about those risks. So in general, we work together on trying to get things built.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning, guys. First question I wanted to ask, what would you say is your strategy for nonunion pipeline? There’s so much work in the South, down in Texas. I know you have a small subsidiary that works in that area. Just curious what your thoughts are in growing that business?
Earl Austin: Yes, we do quite a bit of work in the Texas areas. And so we continue to look at that segment, look at the base business in the segment. I think, we’re growing underneath nicely. I think when you look at us in the Permian Basin, you saw us make an investment in the Permian Basin this quarter. So it gives us some more looks at different workout there. We’ll continue to look at that. There’s some electrification that goes on. We do have quite a bit of nonunion midstream type work down in the areas. We like the business. We’re certainly opportunistic as it comes across.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then second question in telecom. You said there was – I think it was telecom. You said there were several opportunities that were large and could get booked in. Just curious if those are in your $500 million of revenue that you’re expecting from communications in 2019?
Earl Austin: Yes. I think in general, when we look at that communications segment and the business underneath, it’s not in the segment, it’s on the electric segment. But in general, we see lots of opportunity out there. I want to make sure that we can get to the field and get our operating margins where they need to be. I think with all the businesses that we’re looking at, the macro markets are good. We can certainly drive the top line. We’re highly concentrated on driving the margins and the risk. So we’re looking at the margins and the risks as well as the top line. But the macro market in telecom business is good. We continue to add customers and customer base. To the extent, there were sizable awards or whichever, a lot of those things are multi-year. And so we wouldn’t look at that being a large contribution necessarily to the 2019 relative to our current guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nick Amicucci with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Amicucci: Hey, guys, good morning. So quick question around kind of just looking at the recent asset sales from pipeline operators. Just curious, because you guys have spoken a lot about the core business and how you’re looking to grow that. How does that affect – with these asset sales, is there a contract kind of run with the land, so to speak, or would you – would it be new negotiations that would be undertaken if those – if that – those assets were sold?
Earl Austin: Typically, our contracts survive any kind of sale. And normally, they need us and we’ve worked on systems or with customers for a long period of time. We’ve not had any issues over time with assets being sold and our contracts not moving with them, typically that happens.
Nick Amicucci: Okay, great. And then I guess, you kind of touched upon this. When you’re looking at these new types of projects? Are there a lot of – is there a lot of more Brownfield extension type of work, or is it more greenfield? And if you could kind of give us some more – I know you touched upon the LNG dynamic. I mean, are you seeing any opportunities in NGLs higher than normal or anything like that?
Earl Austin: Yes. I think we see growth across the board and the gas side. I think those larger projects that we talked about in LNGs, they’re certainly out there. We’re looking at them. But the base of it is right around the utility space and the LDC business, the industrial business, critical path solutions around those things that are allowing us to grow underneath on the LNG exports and things of that nature. So that’s where the growth is that we’re seeing. Obviously, when you put large, large projects on top of that, it looks real nice and we can do great things with it. But in general, what we’re concentrated on is growing that base business in that segment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Blake Hirschman with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Blake Hirschman: Yes, good morning, guys. Just in light of the improving free cash flow outlook, I wanted to ask about how we should be thinking about your plans and use of cash? You’ve obviously been kind of buying back some stock, initiating dividend, doing some M&A as well. So I just wanted to get an update there?
Earl Austin: Yes, I’ll let Derrick comment some. But just in general, the company has taken a position that we want to be able – we want to be flexible enough that we can lean into an acquisition, lean into our stock, our dividend or whatever it may be. So we want to make sure that we’re flexible with our balance sheet. And the opportunities here in front of us, we’ll certainly look at those. You’ve seen us big quite aggressive in our stock buyback, which I think is paying dividends for us now. But I’ll let Derrick comment on the rest of them.
Derrick Jensen: I mean, I think, Duke hit it. I mean, our capital allocation priorities remain the same. We’ll be very focused on ensuring we can lean into any of the working capital requirements associated with the business. It’s always the number one priority we have. There are opportunities there. We’ll ensure we’re well positioned to lean into that acquisitions and investments. You see the investment as an example here in the press release today within Agua Blanca. Those type of things are things we’re always mindful of, and we will ensure we have a balance sheet in a good position to be able to lean into. And then just to lay out lastly, I mean, obviously, from a capital allocation, we’ve leaned into shareholder value with the stock repurchases and dividends quite heavily. And so that will continue to be part of our equation. We don’t forecast that into 2019 or forward, because we look at that as being born opportunistic, but largely against the other allocation areas that we have. We think the working capital, M&A and investments are long-term value creation, and we’ll continue to do that. Lastly, with the overall parameters of ensuring, we maintain a very strong and conservatively placed balance sheet.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. So I would like to turn the floor back to management for any additional concluding comments.
Earl Austin: Yes, I want to thank the men and women in the field. They’re performing at an extremely high level and I want to thank them. I’d also like to thank you for participating in our fourth quarter and our full-year 2018 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and we look forward to 2019. This concludes our call.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc. Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc. Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.
Analysts: Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Steven Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc. Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co. Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc.: Great. Thank you, and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services third quarter earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter results, which can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com along with a summary of our 2018 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning. Please remember the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 1, 2018, and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in today's press release, along with the company's 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's, or the SEC's, website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, and EBITDA. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you'd like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign-up for e-mail alerts through the Investors & Media section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Quanta Services third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide a detailed review of our third quarter results. Following Derrick's comments we welcome your questions. I'm pleased to report that Quanta achieved record revenues, operating income, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share for the quarter and first nine months of the year. We ended the quarter with record total and 12-month backlog of $12.2 billion and $7.5 billion. At the end of the third quarter, Quanta had more than 41,000 employees who worked nearly 63 million man-hours during the first nine months of the year and we are well on pace to finish the year with record man-hours. This is indicative of record levels of activity in our end markets and strong demand for Quanta's solutions, which provide world-class execution and cost certainty for our customers' maintenance and capital programs. We have executed well this year and believe our record year-to-date results and full year guidance demonstrate our strong competitive position in the marketplace and favorable multi-year demand for our services. We also believe our results reflect the benefits of operational diversity and our portfolio approach to managing risk. We continue to expect that 2018 will be a record year for Quanta. To that end, we are increasing our revenue expectations, maintaining the midpoint of our adjusted diluted earnings per share expectations, and increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EBITDA expectations for 2018. Perhaps, more importantly, we are experiencing strengthening demand in our base business and for larger projects, which solidifies our outlook for earnings growth in 2019. Our Electric Power operations continue to perform well from both a top line and margin perspective. The strong performance in the third quarter was driven by solid execution across our Electric Power operations from base business activity to storm response and larger transmission projects. In response to Hurricanes Florence and Michael, we deployed several thousand line workers and support personnel, who worked safely and tirelessly to restore power alongside our customers. They have worked long hours for many days and I want to thank them for their dedication to safety and hard work. Our customers continue to deploy capital in multi-year electric transmission and distribution programs for grid modernization to accommodate a changing fuel generation mix towards natural gas and renewables, address aging infrastructure, strengthening systems for resiliency against extreme weather events and support long-term economic growth. For example, Fortis recently increased their five-year capital plan by more than 19% to $17.3 billion. American Electric Power's $24 billion five-year capital plan allocates 75% of its planned spending to transmission and distribution. Approximately 90% of Eversource Energy's four-year capital plan is allocated to electric transmission, electric and gas distribution and solar. And Southern California Edison's capital expenditure forecast for 2020 is more than 20% higher than it spent in 2017, with more than 90% allocated to transmission, distribution, and grid modernization. Furthermore, as announced in our press release this morning, in September, we signed a transmission alliance agreement with the Lower Colorado River Authority for a period up to five years and with a contract value of up to $400 million. Additionally, we recently renewed a multi-year master services agreement with CenterPoint Energy to provide electric and gas distribution services on their system. We have multi-decade relationships with these customers and these agreements reflect the value Quanta brings them and together the value we expect to bring to consumer. These are just a few examples of the growing multi-year investment programs at North American utility industry is deploying, which are primary drivers of our business. Quanta is embedded in the fabric of the North American utility industry, an important resource supporting our customers' efforts to execute capital programs that are designed to benefit the rate payer and grow earnings and dividends for their investors. Due to these favorable industry trends and our strong competitive positioning, we have an excellent multi-year visibility in growth opportunities as we partner with our customers. We continue to see opportunities for larger transmission projects picking up and believe several of them would be awarded over the coming quarters. We continue to pursue more than $3 billion in aggregate contract value of larger electric transmission projects in various stages of tender in North America. We do not expect to win all of these projects, but we believe we are well-positioned to compete for these or any other larger projects. To that end, we announced this morning that Quanta was recently selected by PacifiCorp to provide engineering, procurement and construction solutions for the Aeolus to Jim Bridger Transmission Line. This new high-voltage electric transmission project consists of approximately 138 miles of single circuit 500-kilovolt transmission line and approximately five miles of single circuit 345 kilovolt transmission line that will connect several substations in Wyoming. This project is a segment of the Gateway West Transmission Line Project, which is part of PacifiCorp's Energy Vision 2020 plan. We will include this project in our fourth quarter 2018 backlog and expect to begin engineering and procurement activities for this project by year-end. The construction plan to begin in the spring of 2019. We expect to complete this project in late 2020. Within our Electric Power segment, our communications operations are performing well, led by our U.S. operations, which were profitable in the third quarter. We have improved profitability month-by-month and quarter-by-quarter. We are in the construction phase for many of our projects, which gives us confidence as we move towards 2019. We continue to believe we have the opportunity to operate our communications business with double-digit margin profile as we continue to scale our operations. We ended the third quarter with a backlog of more than $800 million, representing a nearly 10% sequential increase. Further, subsequent to the end of the third quarter, we have been awarded more than $60 million of new work from two customers. Also, during the third quarter, we acquired two communications infrastructure contractors one in Georgia and one in Texas. Both are successful companies with excellent management teams, strong customer relationships and growth prospects. We believe these companies will allow us to profitably expedite our growth and expansion efforts in the markets they serve with Quanta's additional resources. We expect continued strong growth in 2019 with the opportunity to achieve more than $500 million of revenue and improved full year profitability. Turning to our Oil and Gas segment. Revenues grew strongly, driven by base business activity in our industrial services, natural gas distribution and pipeline integrity operations as well as significantly higher larger pipeline project activity. Though operating income margins increased as expected, we experienced challenges on two projects that adversely impacted segment profitability and concealed the underlying strength of the segment. We are experiencing delays on a processing facility project that are expected to result in liquidated damages and we chose to take what we believe is a conservative position on a difficult horizontal drill project that resulted in additional cost for which we are pursuing an insurance claim. The diversity and scale of our portfolio of operations and strong end markets mitigated the impact of these challenges on our full year expectations. Our gas distribution and integrity operations are expanding their margins as organic investments made last year began to pay off. Our industrial services group continues on a path towards a record year. Further, we recently secured the largest turnaround project in company history, which could require up to 400 employees at peak activity. This project is expected to start this December and finish in late 2019. We are on track for 2019 to be a record year for our industrial services group as we continue to profitably grow our operations, while synergies with our midstream customers' base materialize. Our larger pipeline projects ramped up significantly in the third quarter, as we moved into full construction and performed well despite several external challenges. As a result of these challenges, a meaningful portion of our work on Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Mountain Valley Pipeline projects will push into next year. However, these shifts in project timing actually strengthen our backlog and positive view for next year. With ongoing larger pipeline project work in the Appalachia, Canada and elsewhere, we expect to end this year with more than $1 billion in larger pipeline backlog. As a result, we expect the first half of 2019 pipeline activity to be meaningfully greater than the first half of 2018. Further, we see numerous additional larger pipeline opportunities for 2019 and 2020 throughout North America and are actively pursuing approximately $3 billion of additional pipeline projects. Quanta has strategically focused on diversifying its operations across service lines and geographies in a very deliberate manner. This approach is designed to help mitigate many aspects of risk in our business, including customer, project, permitting, geographic, execution, weather and other risks. We believe Quanta's diversity, scope and scale, and execution capabilities are unique in our space and set us apart both operationally and as an investment. Quanta is a construction-led infrastructure solutions provider and we believe our portfolio of companies, services and geographic diversity position us to profitably grow through various cycles over time. We have talked for several years about how the majority of our revenues are generated from base business activity such as small and medium projects, multi-year master services agreements and maintenance work. We estimate that approximately 80% of our revenues this year will come from those types of work, which tend to follow the growth in CapEx and OpEx plans of our customers. I've discussed how our electric and gas utility customers have multi-year and, in some cases, multi-decade plans to upgrade and modernize their system and that Quanta plays an integral role in helping our customers achieve their plans. As a result, we have a very good visibility into multi-year growth opportunities. These dynamics provide Quanta with a large regulated end market that is growing and is resilient to economic uncertainty. Our electric utility customers continue to moderate capital investment in generation assets in favor of growing their investment in transmission and distribution infrastructure. Additionally, utilities are investing significantly to modernize gas distribution infrastructure with multi-decade programs. It is important to note, much of Quanta's core business is directly tied to regulated electric and gas utility customers, which account for more than 60% of our revenue. We are in a prolific market environment, certainly the best market that I have seen in my career and we expect to continue. This is happening at a time when there is shortage of craft-skilled labor in our North American markets. As the largest employer and trainer of craft-skilled labor serving our markets, this is a good environment for Quanta. Our dedication to our employees has made us the preferred employer in the industries we serve. And our ability to safely execute projects and enhance our customers' returns by efficiently deploying skilled resources to the field is a differentiator for Quanta. In summary, we executed well and delivered a number of quarterly records. We are performing well operationally and against our strategic plan this year and expect to finish the year with momentum. Our end markets and visibility are strong and we continue to believe we're in a multi-year up-cycle, with the opportunity for continued record backlog in the coming quarters. We have grown revenues considerably over the last three years, but more importantly, we have increased profits at a faster rate during that time. While we'll provide our formal commentary and 2019 expectations on the fourth quarter earnings call next February, we are confident in our long-term strategy and are in a multi-year growth cycle in the markets we serve. We expect our base business to continue to grow. We see continued opportunity for the award of larger high-voltage electric transmission projects and multi-year alliance programs over the near- and medium-term. We believe the large diameter pipeline project market will remain robust next year and expect our communications infrastructure services operation to grow with increasing profitability. Given the valuation of our stock, our financial expectations for this year, visible and favorable multi-year and end-market trends, and our expectations for future growth over a multi-year period, we have been actively repurchasing our common stock. So far this year, we have repurchased more than $300 million of common stock. I would also note that over the past four years, we have repurchased approximately $2.1 billion of our common stock, which equates to the retirement of 38% of the shares outstanding at the start of those repurchases. We believe these actions demonstrate our confidence in Quanta and our commitment to generating value for our stockholders. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and will continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset is the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our third quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record quarterly revenues of $2.99 billion for the third quarter of 2018, a 14.4% increase as compared to the third quarter of 2017. Net income attributable to common stock was $124.6 million or $0.81 per diluted share compared to $89.3 million or $0.56 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2017. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was a record $0.88 for the third quarter 2018, compared to $0.63 for 3Q 2017. Certain items impacted the third quarter of 2018 and were reflected as adjustments in Quanta's adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock calculation. These items have been disclosed in today's earnings release, the net favorable impact of which was $0.04 on GAAP diluted earnings per share. Discussing our segment results, Electric Power revenues increased 7.5% when compared to the third quarter of 2017 to $1.62 billion. This increase was primarily due to higher customer spending, resulting in double-digit growth associated with both larger transmission projects and Quanta's base business, including continued favorable progress on a large transmission project in Canada. Additional contributors were an increase in communications infrastructure services of $22.6 million and approximately $10 million in revenues from acquired businesses. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in emergency restoration service revenues of $85.1 million as last year's third quarter included significant restoration efforts related to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Lastly, revenues were lower by approximately $17 million due to less favorable foreign currency exchange rates. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment increased to 11.1% in the quarter as compared to 10% in the third quarter of 2017. This increase was primarily due to higher segment revenues, including the previously mentioned large transmission project in which we continue to perform favorably. Communications infrastructure services operations, which are currently included within our Electric Power segment, improved overall to breakeven during the quarter with U.S. operations generating a slight profit. We expect continued incremental margin improvement for these operations during the fourth quarter. As of September 30, 2018, our remaining performance obligations related to both segments were estimated to be approximately $5.29 billion. Approximately 77% of which is expected to be recognized in the 12 months subsequent to September 30 2018. Also as of September 30 2018, 12-month non-GAAP backlog for the Electric Power segment was $4.2 billion, a slight decrease from the second quarter but an 8% increase when compared to the third quarter of last year. Total backlog for the segment was a record $7.9 billion, an increase of 19% when compared to 3Q 2017. We believe these increases from the third quarter of last year reflect the continued strength of our end markets and opportunities, which Duke referenced in his comments. Oil and Gas segment revenues increased 23.8% when compared to the third quarter of 2017 to $1.37 billion. Increased construction activities by our customers on larger diameter pipeline projects was a significant contributor to the overall revenue increase in the quarter. Many of our larger pipeline projects last year were performed in the front half of the year, so they did not contribute significantly to the third quarter of 2017. For 2018, a majority of larger diameter pipeline projects began in the third quarter and will continue into the fourth quarter. This has a substantial impact on the comparability of quarters. Also contributing were increased revenues from distribution-related projects and services and an estimated $35 million in revenues attributable to the incremental month of activity from Stronghold, which was acquired in late July 2018. Increased revenues this quarter were also due in part to 3Q 2017 being negatively impacted by several projects that were temporarily suspended or deferred as a result of Hurricane Harvey. Operating margin for the Oil and Gas segment increased to 7% in 3Q 2018 from 5.3% in 3Q 2017. This increase was primarily due to the higher level of larger diameter pipeline transmission work, which typically yields higher margins as well as increased revenues from Stronghold. The improvements in the Oil and Gas operating margin were partially offset by issues associated with two projects during the quarter. As Duke spoke about, engineering and production delays on a processing facility project resulted in the recording of an unexpected loss on the project during the quarter of approximately $13 million, which contributed to a $20 million variance from our original forecasted project performance for the quarter. This project was approximately 80% complete at quarter end. In addition, we experienced a partial collapse of a horizontal directional drill borehole on a gas transmission project. We believe the incident is covered by the customer's job specific insurance and are working collaboratively on a joint claim. As a result, we've recorded an insurance receivable for a significant portion but not all of the impacts incurred through quarter end. Although the mitigation plan for this issue is still in process and our current cost estimates may change, we believe we have conservatively positioned our potential recovery such that additional amounts may be recovered in future periods. As of September 30, 2018, 12-month non-GAAP backlog for the Oil and Gas segment was a record $3.3 billion, which is an increase of 2% compared to the second quarter of 2018 and an increase of 43% when compared to 12-month backlog at last year's third quarter end. Again, this increase is driven by the timing of larger diameter pipeline work being more robust in 3Q and 4Q this year versus 1Q and 2Q last year. Total backlog for the segment was $4.3 billion, which was an increase of 10% when compared to total backlog at last year's third quarter end and remains near record levels. While aggregate total backlog of $12.2 billion represents a record for Quanta, we continue to see the opportunity for additional awards and expect our backlog levels can remain strong. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $14.6 million in the third quarter of 2018 as compared to 3Q 2017, primarily due to $5.3 million in higher compensation-related costs associated with increased annual and incentive compensation increases as well as increased personnel to support business growth, a $3.6 million increase in acquisition and integration costs, and $1.6 million in higher intangible amortization. These increases were partially offset by the favorable impact of a $1.4 million decrease in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities during 3Q 2018. In aggregate, consolidated revenues increased $376 million or 14.4% when compared to the third quarter of 2017, consolidated operating income increased $52 million or 37%, and adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, grew 28.6% or $61 million to $274 million. All of these metrics represent quarterly records. For the third quarter of 2018, cash flows provided by operating activities were $39 million and net capital expenditures were $68 million, resulting in $29 million of negative free cash flow. This compares to a free cash flow of $114.8 million for the third quarter of 2017. This decrease in free cash flow was primarily due to higher working capital requirements related to higher levels of project activity as well as the timing and amounts of advance payments on larger projects. DSOs were 78 days at September 30, 2018 compared to 76 days at year-end and 79 days at the end of last year's third quarter. In the third quarter of 2018, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program that authorizes us to purchase from time-to-time through June 30, 2021 up to $500 million of our outstanding common stock. During 2018, through to date of this earnings call, we have acquired 9 million shares of our common stock in the open market for a total cost of $303.9 million. This completed our prior $300 million repurchase program and leaves us $446.1 million in availability under our new stock repurchase program. At September 30, 2018, we had $114 million in cash. We had $953 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, and $450 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding, leaving us with $521 million in total liquidity as of September 30, 2018. However, on October 10, 2018, we entered into an amendment to our credit agreement, which, among other things, increased the amount of revolving commitment under the credit agreement by $175 million to $1.985 billion and provided for a new term loan facility with total term loan commitments of $600 million. We borrowed the full amount of the term loan facility and used the proceeds to repay outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility on the same date. This was an opportunistic capital raise, which improved our liquidity and provide significant financial flexibility as we pursue other strategic initiatives. We determined this approach was the most cost-effective means and provided the most flexibility as amounts under the term loan can be prepaid at any time without penalty. For more details associated with these transactions, see our 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 15, 2018. Turning to our guidance, as Duke commented, our view of the fourth quarter has strengthened and we now expect consolidated revenues to range between $10.95 billion and $11.05 billion for the full year 2018. This increased range contemplates Electric Power segment revenues of $6.35 billion to $6.4 billion. Within this segment, we expect Q4 revenues to be comparable to the third quarter with fourth quarter operating margins between 10% and 11%. We expect full year 2018 operating margins for the Electric Power segment to be around 10% with our communications operations continuing to be slightly dilutive to overall segment margins. We now see Oil & Gas segment revenues ranging from $4.6 billion to $4.65 billion for 2018. We expect Q4 revenues to decline moderately or remain comparable to third quarter. We expect that margins will strengthen in the fourth quarter to be between 7.3% and 7.9%, aided by the expected increased revenues from larger diameter pipeline construction activities and continued improvement in our gas distribution and base business. We now anticipate Oil & Gas segment operating margin for the year to be between 5.3% and 5.5%. This margin expectation reflects the impact of the previously mentioned projects that experienced negative impacts during the third quarter of 2018 and $4.6 million in charges recorded in the segment during the second quarter of 2018. We anticipate net interest expense for the year to be approximately $33 million. As we have previously discussed, our other expense line item includes the deferral of a portion of the profit from the construction activity on projects in which we have investments. We now expect the other expense line item to range between $48 million and $50 million for the year, primarily due to better-than-expected production on certain of those projects. As a result, absent other investments, other expense for 2019 could be reduced to approximately $10 million, likely to occur all in the first half of the year. We are projecting our effective tax rate for 2018 to be approximately 28.3% for the year. These operating ranges support our expectation for net income attributable to common stock of between $348 million and $363 million and adjusted EBITDA of between $879 million and $904 million for the full year of 2018. Due to our year-to-date share repurchase activity, we are now assuming around 151.3 million weighted average shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and 154.2 million weighted average shares outstanding for the year. We now estimate our range of GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock for the year to be between $2.25 and $2.35 and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock to be between $2.70 and $2.80. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in our release. Please review the outlook expectation summary in our website for additional details. We believe our expected results for the year continue to reflect our opportunities for growth and our commitment to maintaining our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. We feel we are operationally and financially well positioned and continue to focus on our ability to execute on strategic initiatives. This concludes our formal presentation and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Noelle Dilts, Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning, Duke and Derrick.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Morning.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So, while I know you've been positive on your markets for some time, I thought you sounded maybe a bit incrementally more positive on the outlook for larger pipeline projects in 2019 and into 2020. So is this a fair characterization? And if so, what's underpinning that optimism? Is it the amount of work out for bid? And then, do you have any initial thoughts on how to think about the mix of large diameter and base oil and gas work as we look out to 2019? And also, any initial thoughts on margins would be appreciated as well.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Noelle. I think when we looked at what we see out in the marketplace, this year we see some push of the big pipe into 2019 on some of the larger projects. We backfilled really nicely with Canada. So we're starting to see more prolific market in our Canadian markets on the takeaway capacity. So we are seeing some strength there as we move into 2019 and even some into 2020. But I think we've always had that commentary. I don't think we've changed our commentary at all on our outlook on that. It is a cyclical business when you see big pipe. But we do have some markets, it's an LNG takeaway. The Permian Basin looks really nice. So, when we look at it, we see some long-term opportunities out there on big pipe takeaway. As far as the underlying business, it continues. It's probably 70% of the base business in gas is recurring revenue-type business. We've built a nice business in our industrial base. Our LDC markets are continuing to perform well. We're extremely excited about the underlying business. Again, we talked a lot about big pipe, but the underlying business is extremely strong going into 2019 and beyond. It's a long-term market.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And second question, I think, labor constraints, which you talked about a bit, are top of mind for both service providers and investors. I think we all appreciate a lot of the work you guys do around training. But I guess, could you comment on the markets that are maybe most difficult right now or the most tight and where you feel that you have an advantage given some of the actions that you're taking? And I think the biggest question is are you seeing wage rate inflation? And how accepting have the customers been of accepting that through those higher input costs through price?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. Noelle, I think if you look over quarter-over-quarter, we added 4,000 employees from 37,000 to 41,000 quarter-over-quarter. So we're able to deploy labor in the field and still remain productive. I think that's where us – with the investment in the college, with the investment in training, separates us from many others. We're not having the labor issues in the field. Even on the problem projects we talked about, it's not a field labor issue. And so we're really productive in the field. We've worked on it and believe we're world-class on craft-skilled labor and we'll continue to train people and make sure that when they hit the field, they're productive day one. As far as retaining people in the market, we've done very well. We have world-class operators across our regions, countries. So we're excited about it and we continue to believe that will be a differentiator as we move forward.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Fleming, Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Duke, you guys have historically tended to guide conservatively to start a new year, given potential delays in large projects and contingencies for potential weather issues. But as you close out 2018 and you look at 2019, you mentioned large projects such as Atlantic Coast, even Mountain Valley, Fort McMurray should keep you especially busy in the first half. Momentum in your base businesses in both your core segment and in telecom seems to be improving. Do you actually have more visibility than usual headed into 2019? And is it possible that that visibility might contribute to a less conservative guide for the year than we're used to seeing out of the gate?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I would say, in general, we see 2019 as early. We've talked about opportunities that are out there. We've talked about the base business being 80% of our revenue. We have good visibility into that, I agree. The larger projects, we know we have $1 billion going into the first half of large pipe, so it's very positive there. We have the opportunity to do very well. It's early. We need to see what we can do on backfilling the second half with large projects as well as watch our execution through the first three, four months of the year. So we'll continue to have a prudent nature in how we guide.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Let me follow up on Electric Power margin. I mean, 11.1%, I think, was the highest since you probably had to go back to 2014 and we know telecom is becoming less dilutive. But was there anything in that margin that boosted performance in the quarter? Or is this just really good execution on the base business and maybe bigger projects such as Fort McMurray? And with telecom presumably becoming less dilutive and closer to segment average, is there any reason we shouldn't expect overall segment margin to continue to improve in 2019?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We've talked a lot about the Electric margins being around 10%. You get some 9.5%, you get some 11.5%, you get some 10%. In general, the business over time will operate in double-digits. We've said it many, many times. I'll say it today. I think we had a great quarter. We executed on a broad base from large projects to a little bit of storm work to our base business, we're doing very well. And I'm really proud of the guys and the way we're operating in the field. From a safety standpoint to productivity, we're doing very, very well. So, I think, in general, we have some nice projects. We had a nice project in Canada. We continue to operate well in our base business, so I think for the sustainable future, we can operate in double-digits in E&P – I mean, yeah, Electric division.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tahira Afzal, KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi, Duke. So, Gateway West is a very large project and I was wondering if you can size up what you've won and if this means that there could be a string of other awards for that project going to come?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I'm sorry, I missed the last part. The single...
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Basically wondering if Gateway West, if you can size up the opportunities won so far. And it's a multi-billion dollar project, I would love to get a sense that if you've won a portion, if there are other portions for the same project that could come your way?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: It's a capital plan that PacifiCorp has, so it's one segment of many. I don't know how they're choosing to go forward with the rest of the segments but it's a nice project. Long-time customer, MidAmerican, they're Berkshire Hathaway company. So we're excited about it. It's – it'll help our West Coast operations. It's a larger project, we're excited.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it, Duke. And as was mentioned earlier on, Fort Mac provides you visibility in T&D segment maybe middle of the year. As you look at these set of opportunities even in your base load business, are they sufficient to really offset (42:04) or we have to wait and see right now?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: No. I think we get fixated on those larger projects but what we're not seeing and what we're trying to communicate is the underlying smaller transmission. When I say smaller, the $200 million to $300 million projects that are out there. As we see it, as we move forward, the base business, the CapEx, OpEx of our utility customers, there's a multitude on both coastlines across the Midwest and even into Canada. We talked about the East-West Tie that we've announced the $600 million. There's multitude of $200 million, $300 million projects that are supporting that. The base is below that but even above – in between the base business and the $1 billion projects, there's many, many projects that we have opportunity to be successful on in the future. We talked about a $3 billion kind of what we see right now in house of what we're looking at, so there's plenty of projects.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Awesome. Thanks, Duke.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook, Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good morning. So, I guess, first, I think you said in the third quarter that process or the charge or something it was a $20 million variance versus what you thought for guiding. So if we do that calculation, it implies margins for Oil and Gas in the third quarter would have been about 8.5%, which is pretty good. So, my question is like based in your guided revenues for Q4 versus Q3 shouldn't be that dissimilar? So why shouldn't – like but your implied margins are below 8%. So, why, I guess, is my question. And then my second question Duke, you mentioned, I think, $1 billion of visibility in big pipe in the first half of 2019. Given that visibility, can we assume that first half of 2019 margins for Oil and Gas can be comparable to, you know what I mean (44:10), what we're seeing in the back half of 2018? Thanks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Jamie, I think in general when you look at the guide into the fourth quarter, it's seasonality in that, we'll be prudent about how we guide. We need to execute through the winter there and we'll always take caution to the winter months especially in the lower-48. Our Canadian spreads are going, we need it to freeze a bit here or there. So, lots – some weather risk in there that we always take into account and are continuing to see in our guides. So, that's the fourth quarter. As far as visibility in the big diameter pipe, we do have some of that in backlog going into 2019. We're comfortable with that. Our underlying business, both the Stronghold acquisition, which we said $500 million to $600 million, will be in the upper end of that range, the growth in that segment, the growth in the LDC segment, I believe will continue to underpin that whole margin trend and we're taking actions on the gas division to enhance margins into 2019.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So net-net – I mean so net – I mean can margins be, in the first half, sort of in the 7-ish range or so or no or we don't want to go there yet?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We don't want to start on 2019 guidance at this point.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Well then maybe if not just can you talk – let's shift back to – I'll ask a question about 2019, but just on communications, like, can you talk about the expectations for that business? And I know that had been a headwind to margins in Electric Power. How we should think about that sort of in the next 12 to 18 months? Thanks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yes. Sure. On the telecommunications business, we grew it organically for the most part. You've seen us make some small acquisitions. I think those are extremely incremental, it will expedite how we move to the field. We're getting through engineering. Many of our projects are in the field started now. We did get a later start and we've been smart about just how we get to the field to make sure we're incrementally profitable. Its slowed growth a bit, but I think it was the right thing to do for us was to make sure that we're executing well for our customers. We picked up a number of customers within the quarter, we have 10, 12 customers now that we're working for. Our Electric customers are also deploying some telecom. So it's a vibrant good robust bidding environment. We're getting to the field. We stated around $500 million into next year. We did that prudently and smartly. Every one of those guys we're training, get them in the field. So I think when we look at it, we said $500 million, there's upside to that, but that's the number we feel good with as we sit today. We've got to get to the field. We've got to get the guys to the field, but the market is robust and I think we'll do very well next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard, Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is (47:13) on for Chad. I wanted to ask if you could discuss the level of activity you're seeing out of the Permian and your midstream and long-haul sides of your Oil and Gas business. Have you started to see that activity spread beyond the Permian?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. Our midstream business in the Permian, we see a lot of activity up there. There's bids on both the union, non-union side coming out there. Also the electrification of the area is something that we're taking part in with our customers in that part of the world. It's a very, very vibrant area. When we look at the Montney Shale up in Canada, same thing. There's a lot of things going on in Canada as well. So we're seeing some shale basins that are starting to come back a bit. I think a lot of it has to do with takeaway. If we can get takeaway capacity out of those areas, you'll see the midstream business come back in the shale. So we are seeing activity even in the Bakken for that matter across the board on midstream.
Unknown Speaker: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher, UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning. I'm wondering, you mentioned the $1 billion of large diameter work in the first half of 2019. What, at the moment, is your large diameter in backlog for the second half? And then so based on what you know today, will the overall margin mix for 2019 in Oil and Gas be better than 2018?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think in general when we look at it, I'm not sure that we're giving guidance on what's in large diameter backlog in the second half. But in general, I would say we have a good mix in the second half of the fourth quarter. It'll continue to grow. We have a lot of opportunities to do so in the back half of next year. We're starting off, like we said, with $1 billion. So, again, I think when you look at it and you look at the opportunities we see with good customers going into the second half, have the opportunity to do as much as we did this year in 2019 or more.
Steven Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess, I'm just trying to reconcile the message about higher mix of recurring services with what seems like could be a little bit more frequency of some of these execution challenges, are you doing maybe more first of a kind type project outside of the base work? And how should investors get comfortable with sort of the execution profile of the business going forward?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: No. I think, in general, we're executing on the same projects we have for a very, very long time. It's the company's – we did $3 billion or close to $3 billion in the quarter, thousands of jobs. We talked about these. One is a lost job due to some liquidated damages things, it's a front-end issue. We're working with our client. We're not going to say a whole lot about it, but in general we're working with the client there to resolve that issue. The other project was in horizontal directional drill that we're working with a client, collaborating very well for an insurance claim. Due to where we're sitting in the quarter, we made some prudent decisions on talking about it as well as adjusting for those challenges.
Steven Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann, Robert W. Baird & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thanks. Maybe Derrick, just to understand the Gas margins in the quarter a little bit more. Could you – your ACP project was, obviously, stood down for a while and then kind of resumed in pieces. But during that time, you guys were probably protected with some of your costs while your guys were a little bit idle. Can you help us understand the magnitude of the revenue contribution and how that affected the margins in the quarter?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we don't make project-specific type commentaries. What I'll tell you is, is that from our original guidance we had a level of push to that work. But as it went from some of that work into the third quarter to fourth quarter. But from the margin perspective, in the third quarter, a lot of that was ultimately replaced with strong base business contributions. We saw base business, we saw industrial contributions as part that contributed nicely. And then as well as that, overall, broadly, we executed well, despite a few of the items that we've spoken about with those two problem jobs. As has already been discussed on the call here, absent the $20 million shortfall associated with the one project, that we actually executed quite well. But a lot of that comes from a broad execution in the base business, irrespective of any of the deferral.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got it. And then I just wanted to understand also in that segment how the accounting works on this directional drilling project, where you said – it sounds like you took some level of a charge, maybe I missed it, but I don't think you quantified that. But then you also put in, what was that, an insurance receivable that you think that – presumably that hasn't been approved yet, but you think it's at a level at which you think you'll be reimbursed that much, or maybe a little bit more. Are those the key moving pieces here on the income statement and the balance sheet?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. For the directional drill project itself, yes. I mean, we've gone through and we've done an assessment. I mean effectively we have now, at this stage, recorded no profit on the project and we've only recorded the insurance receivable up to the amount of the cost of the project, basically booking at break-even. When you're into an insurance situation, you generally are looking at it more from the standpoint of what you can look at on a cost basis rather than a profit basis. But as we stand here today, we feel very comfortable in our conclusion that, at this stage, the amounts that are associated with that cost are probable of recovery. The upside that comes in the future is, is still yet we'll be claiming working with our customer a larger portion of the overall impact, which would include some level of profits, but that would be something we'll be looking at recovering in the future dates.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer, Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Hey. Thanks.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: You seem a little more positive on large transmission than I've heard you, really, in a number of years. I mean, am I reading you correctly, is the first part of the question. And the second part of the question is, I mean, how does this translate into award activity in the coming quarters?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. Let me just comment on the company. We have a portfolio that we're building, that we've built, that it's a really nice portfolio across a broad base of service lines and geographies. And so, when you look at the business, it's nothing that we haven't been saying for a couple years of the – the CapEx and OpEx of these utility customers that we have, which is basically 60% of our business, is growing, it's growing yearly and we can see it longer. And so, yes, there are some bigger projects in that, but the underlying business is there and strengthening as we go forward. So we're incrementally positive. Our customers are incrementally positive. We're giving guidance that says that. So, as we follow that and we follow our industrial business as well, we just continue to strengthen.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, Derrick, just I was hoping you can give us a little bit of color maybe what your expectations are for cash flow in Q4.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. It's not uncommon for cash flow overall to this point in time to be break-even and even potentially negative free cash flow. And typically, from a seasonal perspective, you see a little bit lower revenues in the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter being a stronger free cash flow, often times making up as much as the entire free cash flow for the year. As we stand here today, we're seeing less seasonal effects such that, from a fourth quarter perspective, it's possible that we'll still have free cash flow of, let's call it, $100 million to $150 million range. But there are a lot of dynamics that are there pushing that around based upon the strength that we're seeing in the fourth quarter. But I definitely would be modeling down a bit and then be looking for something that's maybe more along the lines on the annual free cash flow of $100 million, maybe up to $150 million for the year.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Great. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thielman, D. A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you. A couple of questions, Duke and Derrick, the near-term or fourth quarter growth outlook for Oil and Gas looks really strong, I guess, something more than 40% at the low end. How much of that is related to Stronghold, which I think has some easier comps just because of the Harvey last year versus kind of expectations for big pipe in your regular way business?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I'll comment a little bit and I'll let Derrick finish up. But, in general, I think what you're seeing is the strength of Canada coming in the back half. We talked about the awards of Line 3 and North Montney last quarter. We're seeing that come in into our fourth quarter this year as a comp. Stronghold is doing very well. We continue to grow that business, double-digits plus. We couldn't be prouder of that acquisition and what it's done for the segment. Our LDC business is strong as well. But I think the majority of the Oil and Gas growth in the fourth quarter has to do with North Montney and Line 3 coming in on Canada. But I'll let Derrick comment.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I have little to add. I mean, everything Duke said is correct. The only incremental piece would be is that we had little large diameter pipe activity in last year's fourth quarter. So, broadly, majority of it is expansion of large diameter pipe contributions as compared to last year. And then as exactly you said, Stronghold has a very nice over double-digit growth considering the headwinds in the work last year.
Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Great. Thanks for that color. And then the $3 billion-plus in pipeline opportunity that you're out there pursuing, is that work concentrated in any particular basins, or is it pretty broad-based? And you hear a lot about the Permian these days, but is this really across the board?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think when we look at it, it's broad-based. We see it across the board really in our markets. There's opportunities for us in all markets for that matter. Also when we look at our tanks, we really like our tank business. It's starting to grow quite nicely. Others are having issues there and we really like your ability to grow our tank business on the midstream side with some synergies there with Stronghold. So it's broad-based.
Brent Edward Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Rygiel. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thank you. Nice quarter, gentlemen.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Alex.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: As it relates to the $3 billion of large transmission jobs and $3 billion of pipeline projects, how many of those you think are going out for bid in 2019? What portion?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I think most of those are out for bid today.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: And therefore...
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: A majority of it.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: ...then get awarded for construction to start in 2019?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, I would say the majority would, yes.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Excellent. And then as it relates to communications segment, I guess, it looks like the international business was a little bit unprofitable in the quarter. Why was that? Is there anything in particular going on there? And then as it relates to the U.S. business what kind of work are you winning in the U.S.? Is it wireless, wireline, telco, cable? Are they discrete projects or MSAs? More specifics would be great.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Sure. Our LATAM operations, we had some slowdowns in some areas due to weather and this and that. So we've taken a real prudent approach in our LATAM markets to make sure that, obviously, we have a robust lower-48 North America market and we're really tempering our growth there. So, in general, that's part of that just slowdown really from a weather standpoint and us pulling back some there. In general, when we look in the lower-48 in North America, we're supporting fiber deployment for 5G deployment as well as just backhaul data centers. It's really fiber bandwidth across the board, primarily wireline.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I want to thank our employees in the field for the work they're doing. The storms as well long hours hard work and the people that were affected with it, we send our regards. And hopefully we'll get the lights on. I believe we have them all on at this point. So in general I want to thank our people for doing that and working safely. Also I thank all of you for participating in our third quarter 2018 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc. Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc. Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.
Analysts: Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kip Rupp. Please begin.
Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services second quarter earnings conference call. This morning we issued a press release announcing our second quarter results, which can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. Additionally, we have posted a summary of our 2018 outlook and commentary that we'll discuss this morning in the Investors & Media section of our website. Please remember the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 2, 2018, and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in our press release issued today, along with the company's 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's, or the SEC's, website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted EPS, backlog, and EBITDA. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign-up for e-mail alerts through the Investors & Media section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our second quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. We posted a solid second quarter and are pleased with our results for the first half of this year. Second quarter revenues were a record $2.66 billion and GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.48 and $0.59 respectively. The second half of this year is strengthening as our base business activity seasonally increases and our larger pipeline projects ramp into construction, which should result in top line growth and margin expansion. We ended the quarter with record 12-month backlog of $7.4 billion with each segment at record 12-month backlog levels as well. Due to our first half results and strengthening levels of activity for the second half of the year, we are maintaining our full year earnings per share guidance. Our larger pipeline project activity is increasing considerably, but we are still in the early stages of execution. Thus, we continue to take a prudent approach to setting our guidance, but believe there is opportunity to outperform if we execute well through project risk contingencies. The larger pipeline projects are expected to account for approximately 10% to 15% of consolidated revenues this year. This type of work is the most difficult to forecast. At the end of the second quarter, Quanta had more than 37,000 employees who worked nearly 40 million man hours during the first six months of the year, and we are well on pace to finish the year with record man hours. These data points are indicative of record levels of activity in our end markets and the strong demand for Quanta's capital program solutions, which provide cost and quality certainty to our customers. As we have discussed previously, there is a shortage of craft skilled labor in our North American markets at a time when our customers are expanding their capital and operating budgets to record levels. Quanta has incrementally invested more than $100 million in various initiatives over the past five years to attract and retain what we believe is the best workforce in our industry. We are focused on safety and training and have executed on industry-leading strategic initiatives such as the development of our world-class training facility in Texas and the recent acquisition of Northwest (sic) Lineman College. Our dedication to our employees has made us the preferred employer in the industries we serve and our ability to enhance our customers' profitability by efficiently deploying skilled resources to the field is a differentiator that provides us with the opportunity to increase market share. Our Electric Power operations continued to execute well from both a top line and margin perspective. The strong performance in the quarter was driven by solid execution across our operations. And our execution on the Fort McMurray West Transmission Project, the largest project in Quanta's history remains excellent. We continue to have a positive near and long-term outlook for our Electric Power segment as our customers continue with their grid modernization programs to accommodate a changing fuel generation mix towards natural gas and renewables, address aging infrastructure, strengthen systems for resiliency against extreme weather events and support long-term economic growth. For example, the U.S. Energy Information Administration or EIA recently reported that major U.S. utilities have increased investment on the electric distribution system by 54% over the past 20 years from $31 billion to $51 billion annually. During the same timeframe, investment in transmission infrastructure nearly doubled. We expect these trends to continue for some time as our customers' multi-year transmission and distribution capital budgets continue to increase. Last week, AEP announced that due to regulatory challenges it was terminating its effort to build Wind Catcher Generation Tie Line for which Quanta had been awarded the EPC contract. While this is disappointing, we remind the investment community that this project was not reflected in our guidance or backlog nor was it a driver shaping our positive multi-year outlook. It would have been a nice project to have, but it was not one that we have to have. It is unfortunate when good projects like Wind Catcher and Northern Pass do not receive the required regulatory clearance to move forward, but it is not a negative for Quanta as it may appear. These projects were for longtime customers with whom we have strong strategic relationships. So, we expect to continue to have opportunities to partner with them on future projects. We believe our involvement with projects like these strengthens our relationship with our customers and positions Quanta to grow with them. Additionally, we see opportunities for larger transmission projects picking up not slowing down. There are more than $3 billion in aggregate contract value of larger electric transmission projects and various stages of tender in North America that we are pursuing. Some of these projects could be awarded by the end of this year. We will maintain the bidding discipline and risk profiles necessary to safely execute these projects and provide cost certainty to our customers. We do not expect to win all these projects but we believe we are well positioned on all of them. Our end markets are strengthening and we continue to believe we're in earlier stages of an upward multi-year cycle. In addition to growing opportunities for larger transmission projects, demand for our base business where it continues to grow. Small and Medium transmission and substation projects as well as distribution work remains very active and large multi-year MSA proposal activity is at an all-time high. Within our Electric Power segment our communications operations performed largely as expected during the second quarter with growth led by our U.S. operations. Importantly, we continued to believe we have the opportunity to exit this year with operating income margins achieving high single digit levels. We continue to make inroads with customers as they deploy capital for fiber-to-the-home and business, long-haul fiber, 4G wireless backhaul and the early stages of 5G. More of them are turning to Quanta for our turnkey execution capabilities, performance and ability to quickly deploy resources. In many cases, we are viewed as a strong alternative to our competitors. In fact, two cities we were recently awarded for fiber deployments were removed from others by our customers and given to Quanta due to the quality and timeliness of our work and execution for them in other cities. Rather, we're seeing some companies rebidding fiber deployments in certain of the markets, not due to price but to try to gain access to better resources and execution capabilities. We believe this provides opportunity for Quanta going forward. As 5G wireless networks are deployed, there are significant fiber backhaul requirements. We believe 5G also creates opportunity for our electric distribution operations, since many of the 5G small cells will be deployed on the electric utility poles and other electrical infrastructure. This puts Quanta in a unique position to provide electric and telecom services to the communications industry. Turning to our Oil & Gas segment; we generated greater than expected revenues during the quarter, primarily driven by base business activity and our industrial services, natural gas distribution and pipeline integrity operations. As mentioned at an investor conference in June, we experienced minor delays on a certain larger pipeline projects that shifted work and project sequence from the second quarter to the third quarter. As a result of the mix of work in the segment caused by these shifts, the strategic decision to reduce certain activities within our offshore operations and challenges on a now complete midstream project in the quarter, segment margins were pressured. However, we expect a meaningful increase in operating margins for the second half of this year. As disclosed in our press release this morning, during the quarter we shuttered our pipeline inspection research and development operation and took a charge associated with the exchange of a construction barge for an industrial property. We will continue to look for ways to optimize our Oil & Gas segment operations to push our margins to the high single-digit level on a full year basis. It is worth noting that Stronghold had a record quarter in first half of the year from both a top line and margin perspective. Stronghold is fully integrated into Quanta, and we could not be more pleased with the addition of such an excellent management team and high quality organization. Further, we are beginning to see some of the growth synergies we highlighted when we announced the acquisition, such as leveraging their downstream storage tank construction and maintenance capabilities into our midstream customer relationships. We continue to expect Stronghold to achieve their financial targets for this year and have increased confidence in their opportunity for profitable growth over the coming years. Our larger pipeline projects are ramping significantly in the third quarter, and we expect to have all of our large diameter spreads in the Lower 48 utilized this quarter and into the fourth quarter. That said, recent developments subsequent to the end of the second quarter associated with the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project or ACP causes us to believe some portion of our 2018 work could get pushed into 2019, which is prudently reflected in our guidance. However, additional work awarded to us on Line 3 in Canada, which we recently announced, as well as other projects are expected to backfill that potential slippage this year. Looking forward, we see opportunity for robust overall pipeline market in 2019 and beyond. As natural gas mainlines from the Marcellus and Utica shales are built and placed into service over the next couple of years to provide market access. We believe natural gas production will grow and our midstream operations in the Appalachian region will experience increased activity. We are seeing multiple pipeline opportunities driven by LNG and petroleum export development in the United States and Canada, and believe we are well-positioned to benefit from these growing markets. Additionally; increasing oil and natural gas production in Texas is outstripping available pipeline capacity. We're actively building midstream infrastructure in West Texas and a number of other pipeline projects in various stages of permitting and development to move oil and gas from West Texas to market. We have strong midstream and mainline pipeline capabilities and are actively pursuing these opportunities. That said, we are diversifying and building our base oriented services, which we expect to be the majority of our Oil & Gas segments revenues this year. We believe doing so results in a more stable and consistent business profile over time that is less dependent on the timing and cycles of larger pipeline projects. Quanta has strategically focused on diversifying its operations across service lines and geographies in a very deliberate manner. This approach has designed to help mitigate many aspects of our risks in our business, including customer, project, permitting, geographic, execution, weather and other risks. We believe Quanta's diversity, scope and scale and capabilities are unique in our space and set us apart both operationally and as an investment. Quanta is a construction led infrastructure solutions provider and we believe our portfolio of companies, services and geographic diversity position us to profitability grow through various cycles over time. In summary, the first half of the year was solid and the second half of the year is strengthening. We're executing well in our strategic plan, which is allowing us to expand our capabilities to capture and perform a larger proportion of our customer's capital and operating spend. While project permitting and regulatory challenges remain, we continue to have a positive multi-year view of our end markets and believe we have strengthened our opportunities for multi-year growth. As highlighted in our earnings release this morning, over the past several quarters, we have repurchased $254 million of common stock under our $300 million stock repurchase program. We are committed to generating value for our stockholders through operational growth, profitability improvement and the return of capital. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and we'll continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset is the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of our second quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced record second quarter revenues of $2.66 billion, a 20.7 increase as compared to the second quarter of 2017. Net income attributable to common stock was $74.4 million or $0.48 per diluted share compared to $63.8 million or $0.41 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2017. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure was $0.59 for the second quarter of 2018 compared to $0.50 for 2Q 2017. This year's net income and earnings per share figures all represent records for Quanta's second quarter performance. Certain items impacted the second quarter of 2018 and were reflected as adjustments in Quanta's adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock calculation. These items had been disclosed in today's earnings release. The net favorable impact of which was $0.01 per share on GAAP diluted earnings per share. Electric Power revenues increased to 20.7% when compared to the second quarter of 2017 to $1.57 billion with double digit or near double digit growth across all sub-segments of our Electric Power services. This increase was primarily due to higher customer spending associated with both transmission projects and distribution related services including continued favorable progress on a large transmission project in Canada. Additional contributors were an increase in communications infrastructure services of $21 million, approximately $20 million in revenues from acquired businesses, $13.6 million of incremental Emergency Restoration Service revenues and approximately $10 million in revenues related to more favorable foreign currency exchange rates. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment increased to 9.3% in the quarter as compared to 8.7% in the second quarter of 2017. This increase was primarily due to higher segment revenues including the previously mentioned large transmission project, on which we continued to perform favorably as well as incremental Emergency Restoration Services. Aggregate communications infrastructure services operations, which are currently included within our Electric Power segment had slight losses for the quarter but performed incrementally better than the first quarter of 2018. We expect profitable operating performance for our aggregate communications operations for the rest of the year, with margins improving sequentially through the fourth quarter. As of June 30, 2018 our remaining performance obligations were estimated to be approximately $5.58 billion, approximately 80% of which is expected to be recognized in the 12 months subsequent to June 30, 2018. Also as of June 30, 2018 12-month non-GAAP backlog for the Electric Power segment was a record $4.3 billion, which is up slightly from the first quarter and was an increase of 17% when compared to the second quarter of last year. Total backlog for the segment was $7.1 billion, which was an increase of 6% when compared to 2Q 2017. We believe these increases reflect the continued strength of our end markets and opportunities which Duke referenced in his comments. Oil & Gas segment revenues increased 20.7% when compared to the second quarter of 2017 to $1.09 billion. This increase was primarily due to incremental acquisition revenues of approximately $195 million contributed by Stronghold which, as mentioned by Duke, was ahead of our expectations. Revenues were also higher from increased numbers of smaller transmission and distribution projects, however, these increases were offset by lower contributions of larger oil and gas pipeline projects. As a reminder, many of our larger pipeline projects last year were performed in the front half of the year which contributed favorably to the second quarter of 2017. For 2018 the majority of large diameter pipeline work will begin in the third quarter and continue into the fourth. This has a substantial impact on the comparability of quarters. Also, as we discussed on a webcast at a June investor conference, certain large diameter pipeline projects we had previously expected to begin mobilizing on in the second quarter were delayed to the third quarter due to the timing of permitting. Operating margin for the Oil & Gas segment decreased to 4% in 2Q 2018 from 7.5% in 2Q 2017. As previously discussed, this quarter's lower contribution of larger project revenues negatively impacted resource utilization and pressured margins. Additionally, operating income and margin were negatively impacted by harsh weather conditions experienced on a midstream project in the Northeast, which has been completed, as well as slight negative impacts from projects where change orders were not yet deemed probable for recognition. Lastly, as disclosed in today's earnings release, the charge associated with the construction barge and severance and restructuring cost impacted this segment for a combined $4.6 million. These decreases were partially offset by the earnings of Stronghold, which we acquired in July 2017. As of June 30, 2018 12-month non-GAAP backlog for the Oil & Gas segment was $3.2 billion, which was an increase of 19% compared to the first quarter of 2018 and an increase of approximately 86% when compared to 12-month backlog at last year's second quarter. Total backlog for the segment was $4.4 billion, which was an increase of approximately 80% when compared to total backlog at last year's second quarter. We continue to see the opportunity for additional awards and expect our backlog levels can remain strong. Corporate and non-allocated costs decreased $4.2 million in the second quarter of 2018 as compared to 2Q 2017, primarily due to the favorable impact of a $6.3 million change in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities during the three months ended June 30, 2018 and a $3.8 million decrease in professional fees primarily related to lower information technology costs. Partially offsetting these favorable impacts were $6 million in higher compensation related cost associated with increased personnel to support business growth, annual compensation increases as well as higher stock-based compensation based on increased forecast attainment of multiyear performance targets. In aggregate, consolidated revenues increased $456 million or 20.7% when compared to the second quarter of 2017. Consolidated operating income increased to $13.2 million or 12.1% compared to the second quarter of last year and adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure grew 11.7% or $20.8 million to $198.6 million. For the second quarter of 2018, cash flows provided by operating activities were $156.5 million and net capital expenditures were $74.2 million resulting in $82.3 million of free cash flow. This compares to negative free cash flow of $45.9 million for the second quarter of 2017. This improvement was primarily due to the timing of cash payments on AP and accrued liabilities and in part due to lower working capital requirements related to lower levels of ongoing large diameter oil and gas infrastructure projects. DSOs were 74 days at June 30, 2018 compared to 76 days at year end and 80 days at the end of last year's second quarter. These decreases were primarily due to the timing of cash collections associated with two larger electric transmission projects, one of which experienced billing delays in prior periods and the other has favorable advance billing terms in the current quarters. During the quarter, we repurchased 600,000 shares of our common stock for $20 million, based on the trade dates of the transactions and subsequent to quarter end we repurchased 300,000 additional shares of our common stock for $10 million. With these repurchases we have acquired a total of 5.9 million shares of our common stock for $203.9 million in 2018. Under our current $300 million stock repurchase program we have acquired an aggregate of 7.2 million shares of our common stock for $253.9 million leaving approximately $46.1 million remaining unused of our repurchased authorization. At June 30, 2018 we had $120 million in cash. We had $840 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility and $440 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding leaving us with $650 million in total liquidity as of June 30, 2018. Turning to our guidance, we now expect consolidated revenues to range between $10.35 billion and $10.75 billion. This increased range contemplates Electric Power segment revenues of $6.15 billion to $6.35 billion. Within this segment we see revenues to be the highest in the third quarter and the fourth quarter to be sequentially lower due to typical seasonal trends. We believe operating margins will grow to double-digits in the third quarter and fourth quarters. We continue to expect full year 2018 operating margins for the Electric Power segment to range between 9.5% and 10% with our communications operations continuing to be slightly dilutive to overall segment margins. We now see Oil & Gas segment revenues ranging from $4.2 billion to $4.4 billion. We expect revenues and margins will strengthen in the third quarter, aided by the expected increased revenues from large diameter pipeline construction activities and continued improvement in our gas distribution and base business with fourth quarter revenues declining moderately or remaining comparable to the third quarter. We now anticipate Oil & Gas segment operating margins between 5.4% and 6.4% for the year. This margin expectation reflects the $4.6 million in charges recorded in a segment during the second quarter. We anticipate net interest expense for the year to be approximately $33 million. As we have previously discussed, our other expense line item includes the deferral of a portion of the profit from construction activity on projects in which we have investments. We now expect the other expense line item to range between $35 million and $45 million for the year, primarily due to better than expected production uncertain of those projects. We are projecting our effective tax rate for 2018 to be between 29% and 29.5% for the year. These operating ranges result in net income attributable to common stock of between $320 million and $382 million, and adjusted EBITDA of between $825 million and $926 million for the full year of 2018. Due to our year-to-date share repurchase activity, we are now assuming around 154.9 million weighted average shares outstanding for the year. We are reaffirming our range of GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock for the year to be between $2.07 and $2.47, and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock to be between $2.55 and $2.95. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in our release. Please review the outlook expectations summary on our website for additional details. We believe our expected results for the year continue to reflect our opportunities for growth and our commitment to maintaining our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. We feel we are operationally and financially well-positioned and continue to focus on our ability to execute on strategic initiatives. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. Our first question comes from Noelle Dilts of Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning, and congratulations on the quarter.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So my first question is entirely related to Oil & Gas, there are a few parts here, but you commented that you expect all of your spreads to be utilized here over the next couple of quarters. Is that even if some of the work on Atlantic Coast pushes into 2019 as you referenced? And then the second part here is, is given this acceleration in the mainline pipeline activity and the tightness we should see in the market over the next two quarters, are you starting to see better terms, conditions and pricing on contracts? And also are you at all concerned about the availability or cost of labor in any regions?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Noelle, for the comments. In general, I think that the – I'll start with the spreads. I think as far as where we sit today even with the push at ACP, we will be fully utilized, we're fully mobilized out in construction. Now, the sequencing of where we're at is certainly different than we expected. But that's – so it's a back half story. We thought we would be farther along in the first half and we're not, but we're starting now and we're starting to move forward over there just some of the work would push into 2019 on ACP. As far as terms, we have good terms, we're confident in what we've done and how we de-risk the work. I won't get into details on them, but we're happy with our contracts, we're working with our clients. It's a daily barrage of something going on from a regulatory standpoint on most of our work in the Northeast, so we continue to work with our clients. But I'm optimistic that we're going to get this pipe built this year and we're going to have a good projects on all of them. And we're real excited about what we're doing on our large diameter pipe. And as far as availability of people, one of our companies is 100 years, the other one is real close to it. So the amount of people and resources and if we rely strictly on execution, I love our chances. So we have really, really good longstanding people and superintendents and people want to work for us, so we're excited about with that as well.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And then I wanted to shift over to the communications work, some interesting comments there. So, first, your expectation that you'll kind of exit the year at high single digits margins, maybe doesn't sound new, but you sounded a little bit more confident overall in that business. Is that a function just of the natural acceleration of some of these programs that you've been awarded or is it a function of picking up the cities that you referenced? And then if you could comment on you talked about your quality and timeliness. What do you think you're doing better than others?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Noelle, I think a couple of things. When we got in the business, we knew there was a void. Until you get in the business and you start talking to clients, you don't understand how big it is or how big the void may be. After time in the business, we've talked with clients at the very highest level, and they're really – from our standpoint, our ability to put craft skill labor in the field is exceptional. And so they recognize this; they recognized our ability to get work done, and done timely and cost certainty on the work. So that being said, I think we're set up to do that, as well as anybody or better than anyone, and they recognize it. So when we talk to them, when we're talking about those things. I think our acquisition of Northwest (sic) Lineman, our training, they see that, they've recognized that. So when we go in and say where are you going to get your workers from, they realize that we have a training facility we're working with them to put resources in the field and craft skilled labor in the field and we're not just talking about it. So we're actually out executing. We're executing on our strategy and the communications. I really like where we sit. I would say that some of the drag and it is – the amount of cities that people are asking us to take, we have to be cognizant of getting people in the field. But at the job level, we're doing really, really well. I think we'll get scale out of these offices very quickly. And as far as the macro market, it's really good. I want to be clear that it's not about the market. The market's really good and there's a lot of work out there and people are doing really well, and I'm confident. It's just this is where we're at in our marketplace for us, and where we're going. And it's all about getting those craft skilled labor guys to the field and construction started.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tahira Afzal of KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi, folks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning, Tahira.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, Duke, first question is let's strip out all these large projects that permitting wise make things work, move around, can you talk a bit about the baseload business in terms of your expectations at the beginning of the year and what you said in guidance and how that is performing and how that has influenced your guidance at this point in the middle of the year?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. Tahira, on the baseload business on the gas side, it's exceptional. We talked about the Stronghold contributions in the first half of the year. They've done – they beat our expectations, record year for them, done really, really well. I think it's overshadowed a bit by the larger projects and the timing so you have a mix of work that's not normal, so you're seeing some. In the Oil & Gas segment, it's not somewhat the margin profile a bit. And I think that will clear up in the second half. But as far as the baseload work, we're exceeding our expectations on every level and every service line. Telecom's a little bit behind on the margins, but it's minute and it's due to the fact that we're ramping in multiple cities that we didn't think we would be ramping in. On a job level, we're right on track and that'll clear up and be better in the second half of the year. So, as far as I see it, our baseload business, we're growing high-single digits to double digits like we said we would. We're operating the company just like we said we would. I don't see any pause in it. If you look at the CapEx, OpEx budgets of the companies that we serve, they continued to grow. You continue to hear multiyear, 10-year type work on grid modernization on gas replacement. We continue to see it, hear it from every customer we talk to, that comes out daily if you listened to earnings reports yesterday out of utilities' customers, there was one that said 10-year build, we're in year one. So and it's a large customer around the Northeast, I'm not going to get in their business but you're welcome to look around and see who announced yesterday. But, no, we're really excited about the business.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, that's good to hear, Duke. And I guess second point, when I look at your guidance; on the upper end which you've kept intact, that really showcases a very healthy earnings power on a quarterly basis close to a dollar and cash EPS. Is that something you can sustain and grow in a sense going forward beyond 2018?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I mean Tahira, I think the business is set up like we said we publicly stated what we think from a growth profile on our base business, how these major projects layer in. You know that's something that it's very difficult to predict, if you look at it over time. But the macro markets there the bigger projects are there, where not – 90% or 85% of our businesses is this baseload work, that 15% gives us the most trouble in forecasting, and the most trouble in giving you clarity, but the macro market and those big jobs are out there, that we're not a large project on the other side of the world company, those jobs happen to be there, those jobs are there all the time. They've been there for the last seven or eight years, and they're getting bigger and we're executing on them. On West Fort McMurray in Canada is a great example of a big project that we're executing on. East-West Tie that we've announced, it's on and on and on, it layers onto that 85% that we're doing really well. And our MSA business is only getting bigger. The multi-year MSA work is out there and it continues.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. It's Alan Fleming on for Andy. Duke it seems that the amount of environmental pushback at the state and local level regarding big pipelines is as high or maybe even higher than it's been. Does this surprise you in the context of what expectations were when the Trump administration took office and what do you think you can do to protect yourself from the volatility in that market?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I would say in general I see it a little different. We're mobilized on every one of our jobs – not one job is canceled. In the past administration, we had jobs canceled; we had jobs not get there. So we're mobilized on every job. Now, when you get there, there's still some state environment kind of rules and regulations that get challenged. And so we're working through those. It's nothing that's stopping the job. It's just ways that we need to de-risk ourselves and mitigate issues in the field with our client. We knew that going into it, our guidance reflects that. But I feel really good about where we're at and we get better every day, it continues to clear up every day. We have better contract terms today than we've ever had for Texas. I'm excited about the work out there. I continue to believe the administration is wanting jobs created and work to go in the field and we're starting to see some of that – ACP is going; Mount Valley, there was a good court ruling yesterday on it. Lots of projects are getting good rulings. There is some noise in them, but they're minor, it makes a lot of news but it's not a major deal in the field.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And just on Stronghold, I mean you said it was running ahead of expectations or what you've thought in the first half of the year. You didn't raise guidance there. So, is that just some conservatism or do you think that the high end or even higher of that $575 million to $600 million revenue guidance is achievable now with what you've seen through the first half of the year?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, the guidance in the Gas segment has everything to do with our large diameter pipe. We're about 25% in the season. As we work through the season this year, that's where the prudency in our guidance is, as stated in the call, in my script. We have prudency built into our guidance due to where we're at from a seasonality standpoint in big pipe, we're very early. And we're 25% into it. That's not normal from a season standpoint. We would typically be farther along, but due to some of the delays and getting to the Right of Way and our Canadian build coming in; it's a late build this year. So I think as we get through the third quarter, you're not seeing the underlying – we can look at the guidance, we can look at where we're at on big pipe as we work through contingencies. Also when you look at, you can't see the strength because of where we sit with big pipe of Stronghold in our other companies, but we would say $600 million is achievable. And they're exceeding expectations from a margin profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, I'm just trying to understand the moving parts behind the guidance raise. Revenues are raised by about $300 million, but we're only seeing call it $6 million of EBIT increase. That would imply like a 2% margin on those revenues, which is in my mind – I mean I thought it would be a little bit higher. Maybe you can unpack what's going on there?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We're in the early stages of our large diameter pipe, 25% into it. We took a prudent approach to the guidance on the back half and I'll let Derrick comment on the numbers.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, it's also because when you think about from an Oil & Gas perspective, you saw some of those revenues coming in here in the second quarter versus our original expectations. But then we had some of the headwinds here in the second quarter, so that ate up some of that margin contribution. The rest of it's coming in the back half, from an Electric Power perspective a little bit higher; overall though our margin guidance has remained intact. We did a little bit stronger in the second quarter. Looking at the back half of the year though what we're just saying is, is that we have no reason to change our overall Electric Power expectations, but those expectations when you look at the first half of the year, we've done quite well, so to that end we're just being a little bit prudent in the margins for the back half the year there. And then the last, there's still that $100 million implied increase to the back half of the year, which as Duke spoke about is largely due to the new awards, but to the extent that of those new awards we haven't even begun to execute on those, those won't really start until here in the month of August. And we've got to be thinking about how we go through the winter type work. So to that end that's the prudency that Duke's referencing.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. And then just moving over to telecom; you mentioned that you're seeing progress towards high single-digits as we exit the year. Just trying to get a sense for how we should think about those segment margins as we head into the following calendar year? Are we at a kind of like sustainable run rate from 4Q and can we kind of drag that into 2019?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I mean my expectation for the telecom businesses in 2019 to operate at parity to the electric margins.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: I will say and I would expect that there'd be a level of seasonality to that like you see in Oil & Gas and Electric Power generally speaking, but to Duke's point we'd see and look at the overall contribution via parity.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We're ramping, so I hedge a bit to say that if we ramp, continue to ramp on major cities and things of that nature, you could have some timing differences, but in general it'll be a good thing long-term. So, we're able to ramp fairly quickly. Our curriculum and the things that we've done from our college and such things we're able to get people to the field much quicker, which was a design and why we invested so much in training because we can get people to the field much quicker than we have in the past. So we're excited about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher of UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. On the large electric transmission side, last quarter I think you said you were set to finish up the 2 to 3 projects you had in backlog by mid-2019. Is this Site C large enough to keep that business steady in the second half of 2019, or do you still need to book more in that large site you mentioned $3 billion of bids outstanding and if you do need to book some more of that, how confident are you, you can do it?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I think if you look at Canada Site C is a nice project, we have East-West Tie which is a large project. So those two backfill some of West Fort McMurray; West Fort McMurray finishes up in the early part of the year I guess mid-part of the year. So in general, there is projects that we have been awarded both Site C and East-West Tie. But there's a multitude of projects coming out of Canada that are large in nature that we're looking at today that are in tender phases. And also in the U.S., us being geographically diverse, let's just look at a lot of different large projects, if you go back in time the company's been on as many as 10. We're doing what we're doing with one; so there's many, many projects out there and I can't say enough about how large the MSA build of these CapEx and OpEx budgets are. We don't announce them every day; we just never have as a policy, but they're out there and they're large and they're multi-year.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay that's helpful. And then on the Oil & Gas side, can you maybe just talk a little bit more about the timing of the potential contingency releases you have on some of these pipelines you're working on. And I think we see some of those by the end of the third quarter or are those going to be more pushed into the fourth quarter?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We evaluate our progress monthly on all our work and as we get through, as we operate through what we believe is contingencies we'll let them out or not. It's just we need to operate through that. It's a tough part of the world to work in, West Virginia in that area is we've got a lot of work in the hills and the mountains. And so, we'll be prudent about how we do it. We're going to get through that and we want to make sure that we get through it and I'm not in any hurry. We're going to get through the work and we'll let you know as it progresses.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: The other point being as is that each one of those items is done on a project by project basis. Each project is very unique and so we have to evaluate the contingency progression across each of those projects, irrespective of the passage time.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I would agree with Derrick's comment. Each one of those jobs are bid differently and they have different kind of contract. So, we'll have to look at each one of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, great. Thanks, guys for taking my question. I wanted to ask about actually Western Canada, this is an area where production is actually increasing there, basis differentials have blown out. There's been some big pipelines sort of that you guys have passed on that have gone to other contractors. But I just wondered, given that this hasn't been a particularly active market for you in the last couple years, I don't think. Is it starting to improve in your outlook and could that be a contributor as we move into 2019, if there's anything specifically that you're looking at there to help boost the pipeline business?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I think when you look at Western Canada, the Montney region and your takeaway LNG, both coastal and trans-mountain. Those are both really, really nice projects. It takes a lot of capacity whether we build them or not. And the risk profile of some of that larger work out there is tough and we stay pretty disciplined, we stay real disciplined onto our models on bidding and again we don't win them all. But with the resources going out and the way it's working in the mining region, I do think that if those projects go, even if they don't go, you'll see work coming out of that shale basin it's prolific there, probably as good as the Permian. So if we can get it to market, I believe, you'll see a lot of Midstream and a lot of large diameter pipe just going to bigger lines in the load centers. We see that there's record usage of power in BC, I believe yesterday. So lots of things going on in BC that we see; we need some good regulation up there that allows energy to go forward, the market itself to go forward. I think when you look at it, you look at the oil sand differentials and things that are happening. Pipes necessary, they're behind and they've got to catch up. So I really like the future there. We see a lot of good opportunities in Canada. In LNG it's only a plus.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Right, great. And then Duke – no, actually Derrick, if you could just talk a little bit about the contingent liability release. I think maybe you said the segment, but I don't know if you did, if you could just refer to kind of why would segment which acquisition if that's tied to an acquisition, any color there would be helpful?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think you're referring to the change in the earn-out expectation. A lot of that's actually driven. We call that the project, the Midstream project itself that had some headwinds this quarter, a lot of its tied to that individual project for that individual acquisition, which we have to go through and assess the probability, EBITDA realization and in this particular case it's a cumulative calculation, so with this particular shortfall was from our standpoint really impacted our ability to say that, that liability was now currently probable. So, it's a mainly for midstream type work in the Northeast.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. First question I think you said in your prepared remarks that this year mainline pipe will represent 10% to 15% of total revenues. Is there any way you can help us with like what your assumptions are in the back half of the year versus the first half or where that stood relative to 2017. So, we can better understand the margin implications and then the other thing besides the weather issue in the Northeast, you called out I think a change order or something like that. Can you just quantify the impact on the margins for me and just timing of that? Thank you.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. Jamie, I think in general I would say, I'll let Derrick quantify – run the numbers, but in general we're behind, we're 25% into it I would say and if you look if you go back inversely to 2017, we were probably more like 75% something like that well ahead of where we're at today. I don't know the exact math, but it's at least 60%. So, call it 60% so we're that far behind as far as I'm concerned. And in general, if 2017 was much more frontend loaded than this year, we're way back loaded in the back half. We're real close from the way we're forecasting to last year on big pipe. And I do think as we get forward, we'll exceed the amount of big pipe this year than we did last year. So, I'll now let Derrick comment to the numbers.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. To that extent I mean one of the things I comment too is that it's a little bit like 2016 if you think about the back half of 2016 versus the front half of 2016. That's kind of a comparable what you're seeing here 2018, which is almost exactly the opposite of what you saw for 2017. And then, I guess relative to the margin dynamics here for the second quarter, part of it was the push out against our original expectations of the timing of some of the work which we referred to both in the June investor conference, as well as our prepared remarks. We had a little bit of the weather impacts on the midstream project, I'd say that's probably a 70 basis point to 80 basis point impact to the quarter. As well it's not as though actually that was the only place we had some weather impacts, we actually did have some weather impacts in Australia, as well as some level of breakup impact. But the larger portion of which was the midstream project, we had the charges in the quarter which is about $4.6 million. And then lastly on the change order recognition, I'd say that, that probably impacted the quarter profitability by again maybe the 50 basis point, 60 basis point, 70 basis point range. So, all of those things kind of aggregate are representative of the difference in our expectation.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you I'll get back to queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys. Can you give us a little more color on large transmission biding, and is the best chance for incremental awards, you think that's pushed out to 2019?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I wouldn't say that, I think it's constant. We see large products daily and again we see big projects and we're, some of them are in tender phase, some of them are in negotiation phase, some of them will be in 2019. It's all over the place, but we referenced about a $3 billion type in house. We're looking at bidding, negotiating type number on big transmission projects and that's the number. Where they're at and how long they take, it just – I can't tell you. I know that we're negotiating then we're not going to put a timeline on it. But the markets there, in the MSA market that we don't talk about – that we don't talk about, or we don't say it's a big project, those MSAs are in the billions of dollars, they're not little bitty MSAs. So I want to be clear.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. One other incremental point, I think it's worth noting that they're – relative to our revenue, guidance as it stands here today, we do not need any additional large awards in either Electric Power or Oil & Gas to come through relative to our current guidance. So anything would be incremental for this year at this stage.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Okay. Understood. And then you referenced taking share in telecom, would you say you're taking share from public players, private players or both?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. We don't look at – I don't look at it like that. I mean, I know what we're doing, I know the cities are, I can't tell you exactly who the market was or who we took them from, I have no – I don't know. I'm worried about us and how we execute and that's all I'm worried about. I have no idea.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you. Hey, Duke, with some of the kind of continued slippage in ACP schedule into 2019, and just kind of considering the stated capacity, how do you think and plan for life, ACP, in other words is this schedule kind of continues to shift right a bit, does that impact how you pursue or kind of bid for the next inevitable large job out there today?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Look, I think in general what we ACP goes into 2019 for us too, we have some I think a couple of spreads to work or more in 2019 for ACP as well. So where it's a long – it was a two year project to begin with. We tried to forecast some of the work in 2018, and some of the work in 2019 because that's when we were kind on our schedules. But when we look at that I mean it's a couple spreads that'll be there for two years. We are picking up incremental work at times that doesn't meet the threshold to make the news every day. But we do pick up incremental work, we're still building work – we're still building midstream work, we can move crews on and off those projects to do other things. It's just when you start talking about the mountains of West Virginia and North Carolina only a certain amount of people can do that. And, we tend to shy away from anything that's risky like that unless we have the right kind of superintendents to run them and right now if it's Mountain work we're booked.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah. Okay. And then Fort McMurray just given the size of that project and then it runs I think you said earlier mid next year, could we see margin contribution from that job pick up even further it sounds like it's executing well or are you kind of running it at optimal levels on that job today?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We're doing really well in that job. We we're executing like we should, we got to work through the winter here. And look there's opportunity for us to continue to execute well there, there's more opportunity on that job for sure. We'll see where it goes. We take a – we look at it quarterly, monthly we look at it all the time about where we're at. Some of the things that get de-risk as we de-risk that job. We look at it and evaluate what's it going to take to finish it and then bring it in here. I think it's more of getting through the winter here in the second half.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I'd like to thank all of the guys in the field for the work that they've done and in dire conditions, hot conditions, it's tough work, so thanks to them. And thank everyone for participating in our second quarter 2018 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc. Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc. Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.
Analysts: Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Research Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. . It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Kip Rupp. Thank you, sir, you may begin.
Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services first quarter earnings conference call. This morning we issued a press release announcing our first quarter results, which can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. Additionally, we have posted a summary of our 2018 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning in the Investors & Media section of our website. Please remember the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 3, 2018, and therefore you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in our press release issued today, along with the company's 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's, or the SEC's, website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures in today's call, including adjusted diluted earnings per share, backlog, and EBITDA. Reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign-up for e-mail alerts through the Investors & Media section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide a detailed review of our first quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. This year is off to a good start, and we are pleased with our results. First quarter revenues were a record $2.4 billion in GAAP, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.24 and $0.40, respectively. We ended the quarter with record 12-month and total backlog for each of our segments and had record consolidated backlog of approximately $11.7 billion, which we believe supports our expectations for this year and bodes well for opportunities for multiyear growth. As a result of our solid first quarter results, strengthening in markets and confidence in our ability to safely execute, we have raised our full year revenue and earnings per share expectations for 2018. Our Electric Power operations executed well in the first quarter, from both a top line and margin perspective. The strong performance was driven by solid execution across our operations, and we are particularly pleased with our execution in Canada through the winter season. Additionally, we performed emergency restoration services during the first quarter in response to several severe winter storms. This work helped offset adverse work conditions on projects for both Electric Power, and Oil and Gas operations, caused by these storms. This is a good example of how Quanta's diverse services and geographic presence can mitigate risk from severe weather events to our overall results. We continue to have a positive near and long-term outlook for our Electric Power segment because of our customers' multiyear, capital budgets continue to increase, and should remain robust for some time. Demand for our base business work is strong. Small and medium transmission and substation projects as well as distribution work remain active, and large multiyear MSA proposal activity is at high levels. The low prices for an abundance of natural gas, the impact of tax reform and other favorable policy initiatives, are spurring plans to increase manufacturing and industrial activity in the United States, which should yield increasing demand for power in certain parts of the country. The industrial market is a large user of power, and it's expansion is creating demand for base business work and larger transmission projects. The number of opportunities for larger transmission projects is increasing, with several larger projects, including the Wind Catcher Generation Tie Line making positive regulatory progress and getting closer to construction. Note that we do not have the Wind Catcher project in our backlog. We believe our end markets are strengthening and continue to believe we are in earlier stages of an upper multiyear cycle. Long-term end market drivers such as the maintenance and replacement of aging infrastructure, generation mix shifting to more renewables and natural gas, grid modernization, and regulation aimed at improving greater liability, remain in place and are what we believe will continue to provide opportunities to grow our Electric business. We are able to provide comprehensive turnkey solutions for these multiyear capital programs that we believe are unmatched in the industry. As we have said in the past, we believe we are uniquely positioned to provide solutions for these potential opportunities, which are the size and scope our industry has rarely experienced. As many of you know, our communications operations are within our Electric Power segment, and last year we re-entered United States communications infrastructure services market. This initiative has been well received by our customers, and our U.S. communication operations continue to gain momentum. For example, during the first quarter, Quanta was selected by a large telecommunications company for turnkey engineering and construction services for farther deployment throughout a Tier 2 market in Texas. This deployment is designed to support the customer's existing 4G and developing 5G wireless networks, and the delivery of high-speed broadband services. We anticipate beginning this project later this year, with the completion anticipated by the end of 2020. Importantly, we expect our U.S. communications operating income to be profitable in the second quarter, and believe we remain on track with our expectation to exit this year with operating income margins achieving high-single digit levels. Turning to our Oil and Gas segment. We generated greater than expected revenues during the quarter, primarily driven by our natural gas distribution, pipeline integrity, and Canadian operations. Our industrial services operations performed well during the quarter, and they are recovering nicely from the severe impact of Hurricane Harvey on the Gulf Coast last year. First quarter is seasonally a large quarter for our industrial services operations, and we are pleased with their performance. We believe their operations are on track to achieve the 2018 financial targets we have discussed on prior calls. Overall, operating income margins for this segment were within our previously discussed range in the quarter, and we believe would have exceeded the high end of the range without the adverse operating conditions caused by several winter storms. We expect activity across our Oil and Gas segment to increase as we move through the year, due to the release of customer budgets, improved weather, and commencement of scheduled projects. We see opportunity for base business work to continue to grow over the coming years, which includes supporting midstream infrastructure, downstream industrial services, natural gas distribution, pipeline integrity, MSAs, pipeline logistics management, horizontal directional drilling, and engineering. Since our fourth quarter earnings call, we have begun construction on several larger pipeline projects in the United States and feel incrementally comfortable with the timing of construction starts on our portfolio of pipeline projects. We believe our spread capacity in the lower 48 could be fully utilized by the end of the second quarter, or early in the third quarter of this year. Further, we are optimistic about the opportunity for market improvement in Canada for our midstream operations, and for our larger oil and natural gas and pipeline projects moving forward. Looking forward, we also see opportunity for a robust overall pipeline market in 2019 and beyond. As natural gas mainlines from the Marcellus and Utica Shales are built and placed into service over the next couple of years to provide market access, we believe natural gas production will grow and our midstream operations in the Appalachian region will experience increased activity. We're seeing multiple pipeline opportunities driven by LNG and petroleum export development in the United States and Canada and are well positioned to benefit from these growing markets. The pipeline project we recently booked in Oklahoma and announced in our earnings release this morning is a good example of an LNG-driven opportunities for Quanta. Furthermore, I would note that LNG export industry development also provides opportunity for our electric power operations. These facilities require massive amounts of power and our decades of experience providing turnkey EPC high-voltage transmission and substation services to the processing and industrial industries in North America position us well to capture such opportunities. Additionally, increasing oil and natural gas production in Texas is outstripping available pipeline capacity. We are actively building midstream infrastructure in West Texas and there are a number of pipeline projects in various stages of permitting and development to move oil and gas from West Texas to market. We have strong midstream and mainline pipeline capabilities in Texas and other markets and are actively pursuing these opportunities. That said, we are diversifying and building our base-orientated services, which we expect to be the majority of the Oil and Gas segments revenues this year. We believe doing so will result in a more stable and consistent business profile over time that is less dependent on timing and cycles of larger pipeline projects. Quanta has strategically focused on diversifying its operations across service lines and geographies in a very deliberate manner. This approach is designed to mitigate many aspects of risk in our business, including customer, project, permitting, geographic, execution, weather and other risk. We believe Quanta's diversity, scope and scale and capabilities are unique in our space and set us apart both competitively and as an investment. Quanta is a construction-led infrastructure solutions provider whose portfolio of companies, services and geographic diversity position us to profitability grow through various cycles over time. In summary, the year has started off well as a result of our solid first quarter results, strengthening end markets and confidence in our ability to safely execute, we have raised our full year revenue and earnings per share expectations. While project permitting and regulatory challenges remain, we continue to have a positive multiyear view on our end markets and believe we have strengthened our opportunities for multiyear growth. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and will continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset is the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. With that I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our first quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced record first quarter revenues of $2.42 billion, an 11% increase as compared to the first quarter of 2017. Net income attributable to common stock was $37.6 million or $0.24 per diluted share compared to net income attributable to common stock of $48.3 million or $0.31 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock, a non-GAAP measure, was $0.40 for the first quarter of 2018 compared to $0.39 for the first quarter of 2017. Negatively impacting the quarter and reflected as adjustments in our adjusted diluted earnings per share calculation were acquisition and integration costs of $7.2 million, $6.2 million net of tax or $0.04 per diluted share attributable to common stock primarily associated with the two acquisitions completed during the quarter. Electric Power revenues increased 28.6% when compared to the first quarter of 2017 to $1.57 billion with double-digit or near double-digit growth across all sub-segments of our Electric Power services. A larger increase was primarily due to higher customer spending associated with electric transmission projects and partially due to favorable performance and progress on a large electric transmission project in Canada. In addition, we have $23.8 million in incremental emergency restoration service revenues, approximately $18 million in revenues related to more favorable foreign currency exchange rates and approximately $15 million in revenues from acquired companies. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment increased to 9% in the first quarter of 2018 as compared to 8.2% in the first quarter of 2017. This increase was due to higher segment revenues, including a higher proportion of electric transmission project revenues. Also contributing to the higher operating income and margins was the previously mentioned electric transmission project in Canada, which experienced favorable winter weather while we executed through established contingencies as well as incremental emergency restoration services during the quarter. Aggregate communications infrastructure services operations, which are currently included within our Electric Power segment were slightly negative for the quarter, largely due to seasonality in our non-U.S. operations. We expect profitable operating performance for our aggregate communications operations for the rest of the year, with margins improving sequentially through the fourth quarter. Without the dilutive effect of the communications operations during the first quarter, Electric Power margins would've exceeded 9.5%. Effective January 1, 2018, we adopted the new revenue recognition guidance. While we do not anticipate any significant changes to the pattern of revenue recognition for our contracts, the new guidance requires a number of new disclosures. Pursuant to this guidance, we are required to disclose, as of the end of each interim and annual period, the aggregate amount of the remaining performance obligations under our contracts with customers. Our remaining performance obligations represent management's estimate of consolidated revenues expected to be realized from firm orders under fixed price contracts not yet completed, or for which work has not yet begun. As of March 31, 2018, our remaining performance obligations were estimated to be approximately $5.19 billion, 80% of which is expected to be recognized in the 12 months subsequent to March 31, 2018. Our remaining performance obligations have been included as a separate component of our historical backlog presentation as of the first quarter. Please see the supplemental data section of today's earnings release for a reconciliation of our historical backlog, which continues to be a non-GAAP measure to our remaining performance obligations which is now a GAAP measure. As of March 31, 2018, 12 months non-GAAP backlog for the Electric Power segment was a record $4.2 billion, which was incrementally stronger as compared to the fourth quarter, and was an increase of 18% when compared to March 31, 2017. Total backlog for the segment was $7.6 billion, which was an increase of 12% when compared to 1Q 2017. We believe these increases reflect the continued strength of our end market drivers and opportunities which Duke referenced in his comments. Oil and Gas segment revenues decreased 11.4% quarter-over-quarter to $849.1 million in 1Q 2018. This decrease was primarily due to reduced capital spending by our customers on large diameter pipeline projects. Last year, due to the timing of projects, we had several larger diameter pipeline projects in construction as compared to this year, where larger pipeline construction activities are not expected to begin until the second quarter. Partially offsetting this reduced spending were incremental acquisition revenues of approximately $155 million contributed by Stronghold. Operating margin decreased to 1.2% in 1Q 2018 from 4% in 1Q 2017. This decrease in operating income and margin was primarily due to lower overall revenues in the segment, which negatively impacted resource utilization and the previously discussed lower proportion of larger diameter pipeline projects which typically yield higher margins. These decreases were also due to the impact of severe weather on certain ongoing projects, which, as a result, experienced lower productivity. Although we mobilized various emergency restoration services crews within the Electric Power segment that contributed positively to the quarter, these same storms negatively impacted production on certain oil and gas projects with an estimated operating margin impact to the overall segment of as much as 100 basis points. As of March 31, 2018, 12 month non-GAAP backlog for the Oil and Gas segment was $2.7 billion, which was an increase of 10.5% when compared to December 31, 2017 and an increase of 42% when compared to 12 month backlog at last year's first quarter. Total backlog for this segment was $4.1 billion, which was an increase of 6.4% when compared to December 31, 2017 and an increase of 63.6% when compared to total backlog at last year's first quarter. We continue to see the opportunity for additional awards and expect our backlog levels can remain strong. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $12.3 million in the first quarter of 2018 as compared to 1Q 2017 primarily due to $7.2 million in higher acquisition-related costs. In addition, there were $4.8 million in higher compensation-related costs associated with increased personnel to support business growth and annual compensation increases as well as higher stock-based compensation expense due to lower forfeiture rates. Also, we had $3.8 million in higher amortization expense related to intangible assets. These increases were partially offset by $4.2 million in reduced litigation costs associated with a matter involving our prior disposition of certain communications operations that we resolved in the first quarter of last year. As a result of our segment performance, consolidated revenues increased $239.4 million or 11% when compared to the first quarter of 2017. Consolidated operating income in the quarter was comparable to the first quarter of last year. However, adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, grew 15% or $20.3 million to $156.6 million. For the first quarter of 2018 cash flows provided by operating activities were $26 million and net capital expenditures were $61 million resulting in $35 million of negative free cash flow. This compares to negative free cash flow of $45.3 million for the first quarter of 2017. The improvements in the first quarter of 2018 was primarily due to lower working capital requirements related to lower levels of ongoing Oil and Gas Infrastructure projects. DSOs were 77 days at March 31, 2018, compared to 76 days at year-end and 78 days at the end of last year's first quarter. Investing activities for the first quarter of 2018 included $30.7 million of net cash used for acquisitions, and financing activities included $214.6 million of net borrowings under our credit facility, which was partially utilized for share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased 5 million shares of our common stock for $173.9 million. Approximately $76 million of our current $300 million repurchase authorization remains unused. At March 31, 2018, we had $102 million in cash. We had $447 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding, and we had $882 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with $583 million in total liquidity as of March 31, 2018. Turning to our guidance. Due to our solid first quarter performance, strengthening end markets and improved visibility into the remainder of the year, we are increasing our full year 2018 guidance. We now expect consolidated revenue to range between $9.95 billion and $10.55 billion. The increased range contemplates Electric Power segment revenues of $6 billion to $6.3 billion. Due to the higher than forecasted level of revenues in this segment in the first quarter, we see sequential revenues being flat to rising slightly in the second quarter, revenues to be the highest in the third quarter, and the fourth quarter potentially to be the lowest revenue quarter for the Electric Power segment in 2018. We believe second quarter margins will be comparable to last year's with operating margins growing to double-digits in the third and fourth quarters. We expect 2018 operating margins for the Electric Power segment to range between 9.5% and 10%, with our communications operations continuing to be slightly dilutive to our overall segment margins. Our expectations for the Oil and Gas segment are unchanged from our year-end guidance discussion. We continue to see the possibility for segment revenues to grow 10% relative to 2017, the high-end of the range. We expect revenues and margins will improve in the second and third quarters, followed by a seasonal decline in the fourth quarter. We anticipate Oil and Gas segment operating margins between 5.7% and 6.7% for the year. We anticipate interest expense for the year to be approximately $31 million, due to slightly higher debt levels, partially attributable to share repurchase activity in the first quarter, as well as higher working capital requirements during the year to support increased revenue levels. As we have previously discussed, our other expense line item includes the deferral of a portion of the profit from construction activity on projects in which we have investments, primarily due to better than expected production on certain of those projects, we now expect the other expense line item to range between $30 million and $40 million for the year. We are projecting our effective tax rate for 2018 to be between 29% and 29.5% for the year. These operating ranges result in net income between $321 million and $383 million and adjusted EBITDA between $815 million and $917 million for the full year of 2018. Due to the share repurchase activity in the first quarter, we are now assuming around 155 million weighted average shares outstanding for the year. We are increasing our range of GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock for the year to be between $2.07 and $2.47, and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $2.55 and $2.95. This increase in our annual guidance is partly associated with our first quarter performance, but also due to the strengthening view of the third and fourth quarters for our Electric Power segment. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in our release, and please review the outlook expectation summary on our website for additional details. We believe our expected results for the year continue to reflect our opportunities for growth and our commitment to maintaining our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. We feel we are operationally and financially well positioned and continue to focus on our ability to execute on strategic initiatives. This concludes our formal presentation, and we will now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, thanks. Good morning. And I'm sure you'll hear this a lot today, but congratulations on a really nice quarter. So my first...
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you, Noelle.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: My first question, I just wanted to dig into guidance a little bit more. When you look at the high-end of the guidance, can you just give us a sense of kind of what it takes to get there in terms of thinking about uncommitted work? Or is it really just that you have to execute well on the work you have right now?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Noelle. I think from our standpoint, we haven't really changed the way we've looked at guidance other than the fact that we've had a quarter under our belt, and as you see the year and you see the macro markets, they're all strengthening. So it gives us a higher degree of confidence to the midpoint there. In the high end, we see, we still have some uncommitted. We're just starting on our gas season there on the large diameter pipe. Also our Canadian winter that's in front of us as well. So as we see that and we see us progress through that season, it'll allow us to get better visibility into the other side of the year. So that's where the high end lies, is in the backside of the year.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then as it relates to Stronghold, you had a couple – one competitor in particular talk about some continued disruption associated with the hurricane, so it was nice to see that you guys performed there, performed well there. Can you give us a sense of just maybe how some of the sub-businesses are performing? And what you think helped drive some of that recovery in what sounds like is a market that's still seeing some disruption?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yes. You know, the Stronghold acquisition, we felt like we bought a company that was necessary, the maintenance would get performed year-over-year and that's the case. And we bought exactly what we thought we did. They performed exactly like we thought. And we're extremely pleased. We also see lots of opportunities in that market, that space. We're not seeing the impacts that others may see. So, we're extremely pleased with how they performed and believe they'll perform the rest of the way and for the long-term for that matter. The management team is fantastic and our opportunities downstream just continue to come in.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alan Fleming with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Duke, maybe you can help us understand or think about your margin guidance in Electric Power a little better. The nine percent you did was the highest 1Q we've seen in at least several years. I know there were some storm work in there, we know what your guidance is for the full year, but starting the year out this strong, and it seems like you're executing well. You have big projects like Fort McMurray continuing to ramp, so why wouldn't you be able to do closer to the midpoint of maybe of your 10% to 12% range this year, in a year where you base business is also growing, at least mid- to high-single digits?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, we've said it all along that we though the Electric Power business would be in double-digits this year and it will be, from what we see. And if it goes higher than that, we'll need some pull-in from storms and such. Again, we have telecom segment that reports through there, which Derrick can give you the impact on that. But we like the market, we like the macro market. We do think we're seeing more larger projects, we're bidding larger projects now, continue to see those verbal commitments and such. So, we like where we sit. We don't have Wind Catcher in our guidance. If something like that was to go, it creates more upward end to the margin and upward end to guidance. So I'll let Derrick comment on the telecom.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, everything Duke said I agree with. To his point, I mean, as compared to previous periods, telecom is in our guidance at this point. It has some dilutive effect to that. When we get to the end of the year as the individual quarter, we think we'll be into upper high-single digit range of execution, but here in the first part of the year you're in the lower single digit range and so that's putting a dilutive effect to the overall year for Electric Power. An additional point is, is that when you saw higher levels of margin in the past, we had a larger contribution of larger transmission projects. As it stands here today, we're executing only on, for 2018, a couple to three of those larger projects. In years past, we've been executing on as many as 9 or 10. So there's still a little bit of drag that's there for some underutilized equipment, whether that's coming from U.S. or Canada, so there's still an opportunity for margin expansion is there to the extent that we bring on additional large projects. And then lastly, as Duke said, I mean, to the extent that we have the amount of growth that we have, you've got deployment of resources and G&A, and so as we look forward and think about the growth dynamics that are there, we think we'll have better absorption.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's good color. My follow-up is on Oil and Gas. Yeah. Obviously there's been some concern about delays in large pipeline projects with the recent change in FERC policy. So can you help demystify for us what you think your visibility is on mainline pipe over the next year or two? You know what the skepticism is, but do you think there's enough visibility for continued backlog growth in Oil and Gas, at least over the near to medium term?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, this is Duke. We see the projects out there, so the opportunities are there. You have your LNG takeaways. You're starting to see in Texas and Louisiana as well as in Canada, so we're starting to see some visibility in the LNG market, which takes a lot of pipe. They use a tremendous amount of gas. We are seeing the FERC ruling recently on MLPs where it disallows on a FERC line the tax benefit. So that is new. It's new information out there. I do not think it's changed, really the viewpoint that it's necessary to build pipe to these markets and they'll continue to build it. It may be noisy for a quarter or two till they get it ironed out at FERC, but I do believe most of our customers are looking for venues. Either they're dissolving their MLPs, or whatever they're doing, to make sure that they can continue to build pipe to market and make sure that their rates assess the new provisions there from FERC.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi, folks. Congrats on the quarter, and I assume the mix shift pipeline win for yourself.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. We got a good pipeline in Oklahoma. We're proud of it, so we're happy about the award.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah. So, just to get a little more granular, Duke, on the pipe side. It seems like there's some pretty big pipes tied to LNG coming forward. Your comments on Canada were interesting. Is the (sic) Coastal GasLink perhaps what's driving your enthusiasm there? Or generally would you assume that the LNG build-out which seems a little more solid now in Canada, is really leading to a larger, broader build-out that you're getting excited about?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Tahira. I think if you look at it, there's a multitude of large projects out there. You have Keystone sitting out there, you have Line 3 sitting out there, you have Coastal, you have both Enbridge and TransCanada have lines that feed the LNG exports in Canada. So all those are lines that we're looking at, we're certainly around the edges on. But beyond that, I mean it takes a lot of feeder lines and a lot of short lines that feed out of those shelves into those larger pipes, so that also is something that interest us in our midstream market. So we're seeing all that come together. We kind of said in the past though, if we saw a bunch of LNG export, you would see us – the cycle elongate. So any of that, the old pipelines also get us somewhat more enthusiastic about the longevity of larger diameter pipe. That being said, I really like our portfolio of companies that we have. I like how we're delivering on all the macro markets. So all that being said, just in general, I think our macro market and our ability and our earnings power of the company has never been greater. Our markets are continuing to strengthen, and I can't say it enough on all of our segments.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay, Duke. And then, obviously, the quarter is strong to really support that. And I guess as a follow-up to that, it's rare for you guys to raise guidance in the first quarter, so clearly a sign of the confidence you have. Going forward, as you look, what are the upside opportunities? It seems, obviously, Wind Catcher is one of them. But outside of Wind Catcher, would you say there are equal opportunities for guidance raises potentially for the rest of the year in both segments? Or are they more pronounced in one versus the other?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think, Tahira, we're looking at it long term. So if you just look at it, you look at it today, and you say our backlog's $11.7 billion.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We're sitting on Wind Catcher and other awards in excess of $2 billion today. They're verbally (37:08) to proceed whatever it may be that we see that we could possibly be in backlog depending on how we look at the next quarter and the quarters beyond. So that being said, the markets are extremely strong. Our base business, we've talked about it, growing single-digits. The CapEx, the OpEx of the utilities continue to grow. That's really what's driving the business is that 80% to 85% of that base business that continues to strengthen and now we're starting to see these larger projects layer on top of that and so the strength of the larger projects give us a lot of confidence in the outer years and this year included.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you, Duke.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Duncan with Stephens, Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Let me add my congratulations on a great quarter.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: So, Duke, on the Oil and Gas guidance specifically, you walked through what you're seeing kind of in every piece of that business, but you didn't change the guidance and your tone is certainly growing more positive. And if I remember correctly, your guidance in that segment assumes that large diameter revenue dollars are down year-over-year but you're saying you're going to be fully utilized with your large diameter spreads by the end of the second quarter or early in the third quarter. Those things just don't seem to make a lot of sense together and then when I look through the rest of the business, demand for small pipe around the shales seems to be rising rapidly. You talked about that. You're also seeing good performance out of Stronghold and growth in that market. So can you just help us a little bit with the assumptions that are baked in to this Oil and Gas guide and what really does it take to take the range up? Is it as simple as we need to get to the end of the second quarter and make sure we're on track on these large diameter jobs? Or is there something else that we're missing?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. Matt, I mean, I think the year is somewhat inverse of last year where we had a large first quarter with Sabal Trail and we're able to give little bit more visibility on our Gas segment early. It's inverse to that this year where you're starting to see the back half with our season's more normal this year, so you're starting to see all of our spreads or starting construction now. We're getting more comfortable that they're going to get in construction. We are in West Virginia with a bunch of work in other areas. There's risk to those – that work and contingencies. And as we get there, we get started, our productivity rates start to run. We can see it and get more visible on it, but I think I've said in the past on that type of work. We'll be cautious about how we guide it, but I think by the end of the next quarter we should be able to get more visibility in it and we'll take a different look at it but we're really just starting our big pipe season on the Gas business which will drive the upper end of any kind of guidance adjustment on the Gas side. So our season's just started. We gave you early guidance, and we're in the early stages of the Gas piece. But as a portfolio of the company, in general, just take the large diameter pipe out, we're strengthening across the board.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. So and then second question on that front. You talked about Stronghold. It sounds like the year is off to a good start. I really don't think you're getting any credit for what, to me, was a pretty smart acquisition. So can you give us an update on that business, on the outlook for that business? How much did it grow year-over-year in the first quarter? And then just downstream demand in general for your industrial services business. What does that look like?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Matt, I think the demand is there for sure. As far as what we've said, the $575 million to the $600 million, we'll stand by that as it sits today. They had a good first quarter, which is seasonally a big quarter for them and their own target for the year here. So we're pretty excited about where we sit. What they do from a service standpoint is certainly necessary in these refiners, as well as the downstream market. So the company continues to take market share. Others are having issues. We continue to get people, superintendents, whatever it may be. Employer of choice. I really like the management team. We got what we thought we bought. We'll move forward with it. It's a great base revenue business. It allows us to diversify in our Gas segment. If we get some things, some different kind of weather in the first quarter, you would start to see that even in the first quarter. But I think as we move forward and we get the large diameter pipe that that piece of business really shines.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: To be clear, how much was it up year-over-year?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. What I'd say is, is that its – you're looking at double-digit growth. We had commented that historically they've been five, six years a compound annual growth rate of double-digit. When you look at run rate revenues, 2017 coming into 2018, we're seeing that same dynamic, double-digit for both the year, as well as the quarter.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys. Congrats again.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. And nice quarter. I guess two questions, probably more longer term. How do you guys think about the timeline to achieve the 10% medium to long-term margin target that you guys laid out at your Analyst Day. The revenues are clearly already exceeding that expectation. So how do we think about that? And what do we need to do to get there? And then my second question too on the communications side, you talked about mid-single digit margins in the remainder of the year. How do we think about the revenue opportunity in 2019? And what does the revenue opportunity need to be so that this business isn't dilutive to total margins?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. Jamie, really, from our standpoint, all the business lines are strengthening. So when we talked about at the Analyst Day, we kind of laid out a $10 billion and $1 billion from an EBITDA standpoint, $10 billion and $1 billion of EBITDA is kind of was our goals and we still stay behind those goals. We're getting closer to the top line. We got to work on the bottom line, we know that from the margin profile. So we talked about our Electric segment getting in double-digits this year; I think we'll be in there. We're growing a telecom business. It's how much growth we have underneath that also pulls down some of these margins. And as we look at the distribution business on the gas side, we talked about consolidating some offices, getting some strength out of those investments that we've made in distribution. We're getting that, we're seeing that. So I think every – all those businesses are starting to enhance our whole portfolio, but I do think you need to look at Quanta as a portfolio of companies which gives us great strength as we move forward. You've seen it this quarter in a storm where one division or one segment may get hit a little bit, but we have a storm and you get this impact of a storm. So the portfolio of companies and the way that we're using our specialized skilled labor, the 35,000 plus or running on 40,000 that'll get out there, it's how we're doing that and the solutions we're providing in a portfolio, that allows the earnings power and the growth of the company over the long term. And I think to put it in a little segment or a big segment for that matter, it's the whole company that's moving forward.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. But three versus five years as we sit here in the growth trajectory that you have? Not to put you on the spot, but...
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Well, I mean we've set $10 billion and $1 billion in our guidance, is already at $10 billion. Take out Stronghold at the high end, I mean, the opportunity to certainly get to the $10 billion; can we get to the $1 billion? We need to execute through contingencies. We need to see some larger projects come in. But I'm not saying we can't even get there this year. I mean it's a stretch, obviously, at the high end to get to the $1 billion. I'd give it three year's timeframe.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We see that the growth on the base business. We've said in the past that if you take out the large projects, which we can't control, we'll growth in the high-single digits on the base business, which is 80% to 85% of the business. So if you take that growth rate, I can't tell you exactly where the large projects are going to fall. I just said that verbally or from an LNTP or Wind Catcher or whatever it may be, you're sitting on another $2 billion of backlog, so at least.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Research: Thanks. Good morning. Wondering if you could talk about what the mix of large transmission revenues has been in the Electric segment over the last 12 months and what's the burn of it over the next 12 months? I'm really just trying to get a sense of how long you can go before you really need to book a Wind Catcher type project before it kind of becomes noticeable that you don't have a lot of large electric transmission project in there.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Steve, we've been running at – for Electric Power with base business in the probably 80% to 90% range now for quite some time for Electric Power. As we look forward to total contribution to 2018, I would anticipate it's going to be in that same kind of range, in that 80% to 90% range overall. The larger projects that we have today run really through, call it, the early to mid-2019. But from Duke's commentary, we continued to see opportunities for additional project awards and so I would anticipate this time next year, you can still yet see something that's in that 80% to 90% range of base business with continuing to have contributions from larger transmission projects.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Research: Okay. Great. And then, not sure if you mentioned it or not, but how much did acquisitions add to backlog? And I see that you have more M&A costs embedded in your guidance for the full year. I mean, this small amount relative to what you've incurred already, so just kind of wondering what your future M&A plans are and what the strategy is there.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: M&A to backlog from the first quarter was fairly nominal, call it around $20 million or so. Remember that the two acquisitions, one was a small electric power company and then the other one was actually the (sic) Northwest Lineman College which is a smaller component of overall backlog. And then relative to – on a go-forward basis, I mean, we continue to be opportunistic looking at M&A across Electric Power, Oil and Gas, Canada, U.S., Australia. We do think that there are still yet a number of opportunities that are out there and that we continue to explore looking for ways to add strategically to the overall portfolio.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So help me understand the change in your Oil and Gas guidance for 2Q through 4Q? After the fourth quarter, your implied guidance was $3.4 billion for that time period, but now it looks like it steps down to about $3.25 billion. So just wanted to understand is, what's driving that weakness if I'm reading that correctly.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think that we're saying that as it stands here today, our guidance as of the beginning of the year really remains unchanged. We're really looking forward to the second quarter and mobilizing on the individual project themselves. So I would say the low and high of our revenue expectations as well as margin expectations remain the same. We had a little bit higher revenue here in the first quarter maybe than we were originally looking at, but that was just the standpoint of continuing to work through projects. The dilution associated with that was the headwind from the storm work, which offset that. So, effectively, as we stand here today, the second, third and fourth quarter dynamics for us are still remaining unchanged to our expectations as to the beginning of the year. And we'll – I think we'll have a lot better visibility when we get to the second quarter on – from a confidence perspective, as well as narrowing of the range.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And as I look at my pipeline tracker, the center of gravity is definitely shifting more towards the Permian, which tends to be more open shop. So, can you remind us how many open shop spreads you have under (49:35), maybe even like the revenue capacity with that business? Also, do you think you can grow your mainline backlog or at least keep it flat exiting 2018, 2019? And then lastly, how do you think about when LNG actually materializes as a kind of a large scale pipeline opportunity, do you think you'll be more like a construction phase in 2019 or it will be more of an award phase in 2019 for that?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. So just in Texas we do see a lot of activity in the Permian, both union and non-union, on those larger diameter pipes you can do that work. But again, we can run a couple of spreads, non-union there, on large diameter pipe with our non-union activity. So, yes, we are seeing that. We do see the opportunities there in the mainline. The large projects are lumpy, as you know. So, again, and when they go into backhaul, can we back fill it? It will just be a lumpy progress, how we look at it. So I can't tell you exactly how that'll come in. There's certainly the opportunity for us to maintain that level through 2019. It just – we don't know when those projects come into RFQ, RFI type timeframes. So it will be difficult for us to kind of give you exactly when they'll hit backlog. But the opportunities and what we're seeing and the robustness of the market, we're certainly having great discussions with our customers for 2019 and beyond. And the LNG export, as we've talked about, really it impacts Canada, Texas. It's broad-based. And your midstream business also comes back as – when you get this takeaway capacity in Appalachian. It allows that midstream business to come in. And that's not easy work, and it's big diameter work even. You're talking 16, 24-inch pipe coming in through the mountains of West Virginia. So that's good work for us. And so we're pleased that you'll start to see that come back as well. So shell plays certainly fill up these big pipes for our LNG export. The liquids are there as well, coming out of the oil sands. And so we're pretty excited about that market long term.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. When's the last time you were fully utilized with your long haul oil and gas spreads?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I think you – that becomes difficult because we can do two projects in one year, we can do a multitude of different things. So just to say, hey, when are you at capacity, depends on where the projects are. And when you're in the mountainous regions, there's only a finite number of spreads that can work through the Rockies or even through kind of in the Appalachian region, so. That being said, it's difficult. I don't think we're turning down work by any means, and I'm not sure that we ever have in certain areas. Depending on the project, depending on where it's at, we're certainly capable of booking work at this point. But in the U.S., from our standpoint, on our mountain spreads, on the tough, rough terrain, I believe we'll be at capacity in the third quarter.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Okay. Yeah. That just struck me as an interesting comment from your prepared remarks. And then as a follow-up, I wanted to ask about on the telecom side, the city that you won, curious if there's additional cities up for grabs and if you see backlog continuing to build in that segment?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yes and yes. I do think that it's a matter for us, we're starting it from an organic standpoint for the most part, so our ability to get qualified, craft skilled labor and deploy them in the field as quickly as possible and least expensively as possible is something that we're striving to do. We made the (sic) Northwest Lineman acquisition. We were able to have telecom curriculum take those guys, put them in the field fairly rapidly. We really like that acquisition. I can't say enough about how much that does for us from training and craft skilled labor and new markets, and certainly from an organic growth standpoint, the opportunity is there. We could book work daily, we could book more and more backlog, we could double our backlog. It depends on how quickly we can get people to the field and perform. And I'm more concerned with our performance and making sure that we create the value that we said we would for our customers and deliver. So we're going to be cautious about how we deploy and how quickly we do, but certainly the opportunities are there. The market's very good.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Good to hear. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of (sic) Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I think I just have one for today and it has to do with the electric transmission market. And it looks like it wasn't just you guys that had kind of good awards and good results here in the quarter, but the other two public competitors also had really strong bookings. I was wondering, with that as the backdrop, Duke, are you seeing that the market is tightening in any capacity as you move here through 2018? And is there any implications on the pricing or terms that you're taking on in the market today as you look forward?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: No. We've said in the past, it's really about utilization for us. The market it'll bear a certain amount of return and then it's about utilization and how well we can fully utilize our equipment, people, and resources. The market's there. I've said it over and over. If you look at the CapEx, OpEx spends of the 20 (55:31) they continue to exponentially grow. I can't – the elongation, we're in very early stages. We talk about these segments and these being in 10-year cycles. I mean we're very early stages of an upward cycle in the Electric business and it's all about replacement, grid modernization. We're doing all this without very negative low growth for that matter for the most part and most regions are at least flat. So as you start to see any type of industrial load growth, things like that creates these larger transmission projects and layers on top of this, but we continue to provide solutions to our customers that make sense and we're real happy with where we sit there. Our guys in the field are doing a fantastic job from a performance standpoint. I can't say enough about the management team we have there and where we sit. Our long-term outlook there is certainly strong.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thank you. Nice quarter, gentlemen.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you, Alex.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Derrick, can you remind us what portion of your revenue is coming out of Canada and maybe help to frame how big that business is today relative to the past peak either from a revenue standpoint or a margin standpoint so we can think about what the upside of that business is over the next couple of years.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. As it stands, Canada is still running probably in the 15% to 20% range. Of that, that's about the same mix whether you look at Electric or telecom or Oil and Gas. It really runs pretty consistent across the lot of it. Relative to where it's been in the past peak, that's hard to answer on because of the fact that over five years ago, I mean we've continued to acquire companies in Canada. Five years ago we didn't necessarily have as much of an oil and gas presence as we do today through acquisitions. So ultimate contributions I'd say are larger today than they were five years ago. I'm not sure I can provide really any other color than that. Going forward, I'd tell you that we continue to also see growth opportunities in Canada comparable to what we see in U.S. for both Electric Power and Oil and Gas. And we continue to see large pipe project opportunities in Canada. So it's a growing part of our business and I would say that comparable to U.S. with the double-digit growth. I'd say maybe next year and the year after you might see it in that 20% range.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I would agree with that. I mean I think the U.S. grows too, so I think it stays in that range, but the large – we're depressed a bit on our large pipe market as it sits right now in our outlook. If that strengthens, certainly Canada would strengthen as well. (58:28) you also have some FX there as well that was in the past the dollar – Canadian dollar was a little stronger, so.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: And then secondly, can you talk a little bit about cost inflation broadly? I mean, obviously you got fuel inflation, labor inflation, materials are inflating; how is that affecting your business and your margin and how is that affecting your customers' decision process?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, the things that I watch the closest is interest rates and things like that. We're able to kind of keep wage inflation on the Electric side around 3%, 3.5%, something like that. That's where it will iron out. That's what the market bears. The Gas side on these larger diameter projects, certainly, the labor will move. It'll get bouncy on you, so we take all that into account when we're looking forward on these projects. And taken in – we typically don't take material inflation, things like commodity inflation. So fuel is the only thing that'll move a bit, but we're not seeing any kind of crazy numbers there. We're in pretty good shape. We like where we're at.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: And as it relates to the customers' decision process, obviously some of their material costs are going higher; has it affected it at all?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: No. I mean, we have not seen that year. Certainly, everybody would – the steel kind of tariff announcement, this and that, everybody's kind of struggling on what that means, but we've not – everybody's kind of getting around what that says and what that means. I think in general, the market's pretty stable and everybody is adapting to regulation, whether it be tax rebate or increases in steel tariff. As long as we have good visibility and understand it and understand what's coming out of it from a regulatory aspect, the industry tends to adapt.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: It's helpful. Thank you.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Good morning. Couple of quick wrap-up questions. Did, Derrick, the other expense line item, the $20 million to $30 million previously I think is now $30 million to $40 million. Would you expect that to alleviate as we get into next year or kind of hold at these sort of levels?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: I think that as we go forward we'll continue to have other types of investments. We've said in the past that, that's a component of our business that we continue to pursue, strategic investments and the like. So I think that – whether it be 2019 or 2020, I'd have a level of expectation that's in there. From a size perspective, that – it's hard to say. But as it stands right now, I'd probably say that I'd be backing off on that number a little bit going into 2019 compared to 2018.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then maybe following up on some prior questions. Obviously, great margin this quarter in the Power business. It wasn't quite clear to me though because you lost a little bit of work, weren't able to execute on some work you thought you could. But you got the benefit of storm work. I guess net-net, was the storm work in that positive margins in the quarter versus the business you lost?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yes.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: And some of that's difficult to say, because just the way that it irons out whether it's more positive or not. But definitely from the segment standpoint it is accretive to the segment, the storm margins.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: It's just generally hard to quantify exactly what the contribution is. But we do find it to be accretive to the margins for the quarter.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: It's utilization, the guys are working long hours to get more utilization out of the equipment, such.
Brent Edward Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Got it. Great quarter. Best of luck.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time I would like to turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. First I'd like to thank the guys in the field. They're performing the work every day safely and we thank them, certainly, and look forward to performing the work in the future safely. And thank you, everyone, for participating in the first quarter 2018 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc. Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc. Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc. Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc. William Newby - D. A. Davidson & Co. Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Quanta Services Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Kip Rupp. Thank you. You may begin.
Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services fourth quarter earnings conference call. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2017 results, which can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. Additionally, we have posted a summary of our 2018 outlook and commentary that we will discuss this morning in the Investors & Media section of our website. Please remember, the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 22, 2018. And therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability, established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions, or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve all certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the cautionary language included in our press release issued today along with the company's 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. And Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update such statements, and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Please also note that we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures in today's call and have posted reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in the Investors & Media section of our website. Lastly, if you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investors & Media section of quantaservices.com. We also encourage investors and others interested in our company to follow Quanta IR and Quanta Services on the social media channels listed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and year end 2017 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. 2017 was a strong year for Quanta, and we are pleased with our strategic position in the marketplace and believe the operational and strategic investments we made last year will continue to separate Quanta in the utility, energy and communications infrastructure industries. We accomplished many of our goals in 2017, including, increasing revenue more than 23% and growing adjusted earnings per share by approximately 30%. We ended the year with record backlog in excess of $11 billion, which does not include several larger projects we previously announced last year and after the end of the fourth quarter. We continue to lead the industry in safety, which, we believe, starts with training. In the fourth quarter, we completed our first internally developed electric power line worker pre-apprentice program class and we recently acquired Northwest Lineman College, which I will talk about in more detail shortly. In response to several major hurricanes in 2017, we deployed thousands of line workers across six states and multiple islands in the Caribbean to support and assist multiple customers' power restoration efforts. And during all of 2017, we responded to natural disasters in another 33 states and Canada. We also established Quanta Cares, which raised more than $1.4 million through donations from employees, friends, and suppliers, and company matching to assist Quanta employees that were impacted by disasters. We focused on positioning our base business for long-term profitable growth, as evidenced by double-digit growth in MSA revenues in 2017 over 2016, which was accomplished through new agreements, increased MSA share as well as service line expansions with many existing customers. We signed an EPC contract for the largest electric transmission project in our company's history, which further demonstrated our ability to provide differentiated solutions to our customers. Excluding this project, we estimate that our EPC backlog at the end of 2017 increased more than 25% over year in 2016 backlog. Quanta established a market-leading presence in the downstream industrial services space through the acquisition of Stronghold, which, we believe, provides multiple platforms for future growth, including critical path industrial services and storage tank construction and maintenance. We successfully launched our communications infrastructure services in the United States. This has been very well received by customers and resulted in booking approximately $400 million of backlog with eight customers in the U.S. in 2017. We on-boarded hundreds of employees and performed engineering and construction services on projects in 13 states. We established first infrastructure capital and secured up to $1 billion of available capital to invest in infrastructure projects. Additionally, we began construction on two large EPC projects in which Quanta has minority investments, including the Fort McMurray West high-voltage transmission project in Alberta. Also, Quanta executed on several strategic industry-leading training and recruiting initiatives that we believe will ensure we have access to craft skilled labor needed for future growth and to differentiate us in the marketplace. These are just some of the accomplishments in 2017 and while we are proud of these achievements, there is room for improvement. We continue to believe there's opportunity to create significant stockholder value as we execute on our strategic initiatives, which includes returning our operating margin to historical levels. We continue to believe we're in a prolific environment across our end markets in the U.S. and that we are in the early stages of a multi-year growth cycle. Both are our Electric Power and Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment grew revenues by double digits in 2017 over 2016, and we expect continued growth in 2018. While larger projects capture the headlines and generate excitement, it is the smaller projects, maintenance and every day work that is driving much of our growth. We estimate this type of work grew 20% and accounted for more than 75% of our revenues in 2017. Looking forward, we expect this activity to remain strong. Each of our addressable markets are large, accounting for several hundred billion dollars in aggregate annual spend. We believe each of our end markets could grow CapEx and OpEx spending at a mid-single digit compound annual growth rate over the medium-term with opportunity for double-digit growth in some periods. For example, our top 10 electrical customers in 2017 are estimated to grow their transmission and distribution CapEx greater than 10% in the aggregate over the next two years. A majority of the annual end market spend drives the everyday work we perform and provides meaningful growth opportunity for Quanta. Quanta has been growing, expanding and investing in craft skilled labor for two decades and with 33,000 employees at year end has the largest and we think the best workforce in our industry. We are leveraging our craft skilled labor and construction expertise with advanced solution offerings and expanding into market adjacencies that allow us to capture more of our end markets' annual spend. For example, in 2017, we organically grew our gas distribution head count by approximately 10% and extended our gas distribution operations in two states to give us a presence in a total of 25 states. These organic expansion efforts have created short-term margin pressure, but we are confident that the margin should improve as crew productivity increases and these operations scale. We will continue to focus on and invest in growing this recurring work across our service lines, which should provide a solid and more consistent business underpinning for the long-term, complemented by larger projects. It is important to note that we do not operate our business to just accept what the market brings us. We continually strive to innovate our solution offering and remain well ahead of industry trends. Our success in doing so over the years has played a critical role in establishing the leadership position we have today. We believe our scope, scale, safety record and balance sheet gives us a competitive advantage in the market and allows us to provide solutions that our end markets did not have in the past. We value the collaborative relationships we have with our customers and we'll continue to partner with them as they execute their capital deployment plans. We also see an increase in larger projects for electric transmission and mainline pipeline over the next few years. For example, with respect to larger electric transmission projects in 2017 and early 2018, we signed contracts for AEP's Wind Catcher Generation Tie Line, which has a contract value in excess of $1 billion, but it's not yet reflected in backlog. The Ontario East-West Tie Line Project in Canada for NextBridge, and as disclosed in our earnings release this morning, in January, we signed a contract to provide comprehensive construction services for a large transmission project in South Florida. For larger mainline pipeline projects in 2017 and early 2018, we signed a contract for two spreads of Enbridge's Line 3 Replacement Project in Canada; added the estimated value of our work on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project to our backlog; signed contracts for other large pipeline projects that we are not able to disclose due to confidentiality agreements with our customers; and earlier this month, we announced that Quanta secured three spreads of large diameter pipeline work in West Virginia for two mainline pipeline projects with an aggregate estimated contract value in excess of $550 million. The quality of our people and our strategic focus on safety, training and being the preferred employer in our industry, coupled with our self-perform model, has earned us a reputation for safely executing projects on time and on budget. Our construction execution has allowed us to provide cost certainty to our customers and offer a self-perform EPC solution across many of our end-markets and geographies that we believe is unmatched. As a result, the historic levels of capital and operating investments, demand for skilled labor is high and industry resources are increasingly strained. The solutions we provide are specialized, and even though we have the largest skilled workforce in the industry and the ability to expand, meeting the growing needs of our customers is challenging. For many years, Quanta has made strategic investments in safety, training and recruiting to become increasingly self-reliant and to ensure we have a qualified workforce needed to grow our business and meet the needs of our customers. Our ongoing investment in training through Quanta's world-class training facility, our partnership and affiliations with educational and trade groups, and our other regional activity, all demonstrate our commitment to meeting the long-term needs of our customers and sets us apart in the marketplace. To that end, this morning, we announced the acquisition of Northwest Lineman College, or NLC, which is a strategic and transformative addition to Quanta's ability to attract and train qualified craft skilled labor. NLC is an accredited college and we believe is the premier educational and training institution for pre-apprentice and apprentice line workers in the country. NLC is the largest educational and training organization that provides training across the full lifespan of a line worker's career. Their education and training expertise is scalable and should allow us to expand their operations across geographies, industries and service lines. For example, we are developing new curriculum for the natural gas distribution and communication industries, which we believe will benefit Quanta, our industry, and our customers. Our people in the field are what makes Quanta unique. The addition of NLC, which we believe is the best education and training facility in the world, to our already industry-leading craft skilled workforce is a powerful differentiator. We believe NLC has the ability to transform Quanta's workforce and the industries we serve. We are proud to start 2018 off with this acquisition. We are pleased with what we accomplished in 2017, but are focused on further improvement. We continue to believe that end market drivers are firmly in place and that we have the opportunity to achieve levels of record backlog this year. We expect MSAs, smaller projects and other types of work that we consider recurring in nature to continue to grow. We also see continued opportunity for the award of larger high-voltage electric transmission projects and multi-year alliance programs over the near and medium-term. We believe the larger diameter pipeline project market is robust with a multi-year cycle ahead of us and expect our communications infrastructure services operations to grow. As a result, our guidance announced this morning reflects revenue growth and improved profitability expectations for both the Electric Power and Oil and Gas segments in 2018, and solid EPS growth. Of note, it is the first time that the midpoint of our guidance equates to $10 billion of revenues and our adjusted earnings per share guidance range has exceeded $2, even excluding the beneficial effect of tax reform. As we typically do at the beginning of the year, we have taken a prudent approach to the revenue and margin ranges in our guidance to reflect what we believe are possible outcomes based on the risks inherent with our business. Some of these risks are more pronounced earlier in the year, due to unpredictable weather, the timing of project starts and general customer budget releases, all of which can affect our financial results. In addition, we're in the earlier stages of ramping construction on certain larger projects. Most notably, almost all of the increased mainline pipeline activity is not expected to begin until the second and third quarter of this year. As the year progresses and we gain better visibility into our performance, project timing and industry dynamics, we typically adjust our guidance as needed. To the extent adjustments are warranted, ideally they're upward due to the prudently setting expectations at the outset. We are focused on operating the business for the long-term and we'll continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset is the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of our fourth quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced record fourth quarter revenues of $2.48 billion, a 17.9% increase over the fourth quarter of 2016. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock was $113.6 million or $0.72 per diluted share, compared to net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock of $88.5 million or $0.57 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2016. Adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock, a non-GAAP measure, was $0.45 for the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to $0.56 for the fourth quarter of 2016. Consolidated 12-month backlog at December 31, 2017 is approximately $6.4 billion and total backlog is $11.2 billion, both of which are at record levels. Certain items impacted the fourth quarter of 2017 and reflected as adjustments in our adjusted diluted earnings per share calculation. Favorably impacting the fourth quarter of 2017 was a net tax benefit of $70.1 million or $0.44 per diluted share associated with the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on December 22, 2017. The tax reform benefit includes $85.3 million associated with the re-measurement of U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the lower U.S. federal corporate tax rate of 21%. The re-measurement benefit was partially offset by an estimated $15.2 million transition tax on undistributed earnings and profits of certain foreign subsidiaries. Additionally, a net tax benefit of $18.2 million or $0.11 per diluted share was generated as a result of various Quanta-led entity restructuring and recapitalization efforts that culminated in the fourth quarter. This tax benefit offset the negative cash impact of the transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings. The favorable tax impacts for the fourth quarter of 2017 were partially offset by the negative impact of goodwill and intangible asset impairments of $58.1 million, $36.6 million net of tax or $0.23 per diluted share, which were primarily associated with two reporting units within our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment. The aggregate revenues of these operating – reporting units represent approximately 1% of our consolidated revenues. So, their operations are not material to our consolidated results or expectations. To further discuss our segment results, Electric Power revenues increased 22.8% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 to $1.57 billion. This increase was primarily due to higher customer spending associated with electric transmission projects and to a lesser extent $16.9 million in additional emergency restoration services revenues. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment increased to 9.9% in the fourth quarter of 2017, as compared to 8.9% in the fourth quarter of 2016. This increase was primarily due to higher segment revenues, including a higher proportion of the larger electric transmission project revenues as well as favorable execution across our broader work. I also want to mention that the necessary investments we are making to scale and support the growth of our communications infrastructure services operations, included within this segment, continue to have a slight negative effect on Electric Power segment margins. Without the dilution associated with these startup efforts, the Electric Power segment operating margins would have exceeded double digits for the quarter. We believe the communications operations are at a positive tipping point and expect improved profitability in 2018. As of December 31, 2017, 12-month backlog for the Electric Power segment was $4 billion, which is incrementally stronger from the third quarter and with an increase of 20% when compared to December 31, 2016. Total backlog for the segment was $7.4 billion, which was also incrementally stronger and an increase of 11% when compared to 4Q 2016. These increases continue to reflect the end market drivers and opportunities that Duke referenced in his comments. Oil and Gas segment revenues increased 10.1% quarter-over-quarter to $903.8 million in 4Q 2017. This increase was primarily due to incremental revenues from the acquisition of Stronghold partially offset by a decrease in revenues on larger pipeline transmission projects due to the timing of these projects. During 4Q 2016, we had several larger pipeline transmission projects in full construction, whereas in 4Q 2017, most larger pipeline transmission projects were nearing completion with others scheduled to begin in 2018. Operating margin decreased to 2.1% in 4Q 2017 from 8.1% in 4Q 2016. This decrease was due to the significantly lower contribution of larger pipeline transmission revenues, lower margins on certain distribution work as crews continued to ramp on newer work, impacts from the temporary suspension or deferral of projects as a result of Hurricane Harvey, largely associated with the operations of Stronghold as well as some degree of seasonality and project performance. As of December 31, 2017, 12-month backlog for the Oil and Gas segment was $2.4 billion, which was an increase of 5.7% when compared to September 30, 2017 and was at comparable levels to last year end's 12-month backlog. Total backlog for this segment was $3.8 billion, which was a decrease of 2.2% when compared to September 30, 2017, that represents a 23% increase from the end of last year. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $59.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 as compared to 4Q 2016, primarily due to the previously mentioned goodwill impairment charges. For the fourth quarter 2017, cash flows provided by operating activities were $198 million. The fourth quarter operating cash flows contributed to $372 million in total cash flows from operating activities for the year. Net capital expenditures of approximately $221 million for the year resulted in approximately $151 million of full year free cash flow. This compares the free cash flow of approximately $200 million for the year ended 2016. The year-over-year decrease in cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations was largely due to incremental payments of $25 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the settlement of a multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liability, which originated in 2011. DSOs were 76 days at year-end 2017, down from 79 days as of the third quarter, which positively contributed to the fourth quarter of 2017 cash flows. DSOs were up slightly when compared to 74 days at year-end 2016. This increase also somewhat negatively impacted annual cash flows when compared to last year and is due to timing of billing terms across various projects. The $128 million of free cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2017 allowed us to repay $88 million under our credit facility and repurchase 1.4 million shares of our common stock for approximately $50 million. At December 31, 2017, we had $138 million in cash. We had $413 million of letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding and we had $668 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with $867 million in total liquidity as of December 31, 2017. Turning to our guidance, for the full year 2018, consolidated revenues are expected to range between $9.75 billion and $10.25 billion. Our range of revenue guidance contemplates Electric Power segment revenues of $5.8 billion to $6 billion. These levels are driven by our expectation for continued momentum in our Electric Power and communications operations and represent growth over 2017. Of note, 2017 included record emergency restoration revenues of $265 million, as compared to our expectations of approximately $100 million of emergency restoration revenues in 2018. In addition, our Electric Power expectations do not include construction revenues associated with the previously announced Wind Catcher and Northern Pass Transmission projects, both of which are subject to regulatory approval and would represent additional upside to our 2018 results. As it relates to seasonality, we expect revenues in the first quarter of the year to be the lowest, ramping in the second and third quarters and then reducing in the fourth quarter. Quarter-over-quarter growth could be between 10% and 20% for the first and second quarters, with quarter-over-quarter growth rates moderating through the third and fourth quarter. We expect the high end of our revenue range to offer opportunity principally during the latter part of the year, potentially resulting in greater revenue growth in the third and fourth quarters relative to 2017. We see 2018 operating margins for the Electric Power segment increasing compared to 2017 and to be between 9.25% and 9.8%. We expect the seasonal effect on margins will be comparable to 2017 with first quarter operating margins of approximately 8%, growing to exceed 10% in the third and fourth quarters. Although the high end of our full year Electric Power operating margin expectations contemplate double-digit margins, our communications operations continue to ramp, slightly diluting margins in the segment. However, we believe communications operating income margins could reach upper-single-digits by the end of the year. The high end of our revenue range contemplates Oil and Gas revenues growing at roughly 10% relative to 2017. The year-over-year growth in Oil and Gas revenues is partially attributable to a full year contribution from Stronghold, which we continue to expect will contribute between $575 million and $600 million in segment revenues. As to seasonality for the Oil and Gas segment, due to the timing of projects, the first quarter may have revenues as low as $700 million, which would pressure margins in a similar manner as the fourth quarter of 2017, potentially yielding margins in the 1% to 2% range. However, revenues and margins are expected to ramp into the second and third quarters, with third quarter revenues increasing as much as 25% as compared to the third quarter of 2017. Similar to Electric Power, revenues and margins are expected to decline into the fourth quarter. Overall, Oil and Gas segment operating margins are expected to improve over 2017 and be between 5.7% and 6.7%. We anticipate interest expense for the year to be approximately $23 million for 2018. Two areas that have significant variability in the 2018 financial models within the investment community are other income and expense and income taxes. In prior earnings calls and other venues last year, you may recall our commentary that the other expense line item would increase in 2017 and increase further in 2018, partly due to the ramp-up in construction activity on projects in which we have investments. Recall that our investments require us to defer a portion of the construction activity. Currently, our forecast for 2018 for other expense is approximately $20 million to $30 million, a portion of which relates to these deferrals. We are currently projecting our effective tax rate for 2018 to be approximately 29% for the year, with the first quarter rate being as low as 26% due to the tax effects of stock-based compensation, a majority of which impacts the first quarter. We anticipate our non-controlling interest deductions should be between $2 million to $3 million for the year. For purposes of calculated diluted and adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ended 2018, we are assuming around 159.3 million weighted shares outstanding. We anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock for the year to be between $1.95 and $2.35 and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $2.40 to $2.80. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in our release. We closed two transactions during the first quarter of 2018. The results of these transactions are included in our guidance. However, there are acquisition and integration costs associated with these transactions, approximately $6.1 million of which will impact the first quarter GAAP diluted earnings per share expectations. Our full year 2018 guidance reflects foreign exchange rates comparable to 2017. Fluctuations of foreign exchange rates could make comparisons to prior periods difficult and could cause actual financial results to differ from guidance. Reflecting on 2017, we ended the year with record fourth quarter revenues, record annual revenues and record revenues for each segment. We generated record emergency restoration service revenues of $265 million. We supported this growth in demand on working capital by extending the maturity of our credit facility during the year while deploying $361 million for acquisitions and $50 million for share repurchases and supporting various of our project investments. We ended the year achieving a debt to EBITDA ratio of approximately 1.3, which we believe is prudent in order to support the working capital demands of our growing business, while allowing us to continue to pursue opportunistic deployments of capital to acquisitions, investments and share repurchases. We have record 12-month and total backlog and we believe that we are operationally and financially well positioned for continued profitable growth in 2018 and beyond. This concludes our formal presentation and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: First of all, congratulations on a solid outlook, Duke and team.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you, Tahira.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Duke, your namesake utility came out with a pretty solid budget the other day. They're upping distribution spending by 40% year-on-year. And if you look at the three-year plan, transmission is going up. Seems like you've got a project in the Southeast. Can you shed some light? That's an area we haven't seen much apart from storm restoration sort of resilience work in the past. Is there anything new going on there that's bringing that area to live on some of the electric T&D work?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Tahira. Again, I think we talk a lot about the CapEx and OpEx budgets of our utility customers, which we think is really what drives the very basis of the Electric Power and Gas segment for that matter. When we talk about the 75% of our base business, that's what we're talking about. We hear a lot about when a communication customer grows their budgets and things of that nature about the growth, but that's – the same thing on the power side is going on. We're not hearing a lot about it. Duke was one of them that came out and talked about what's going on from a CapEx and OpEx standpoint. So yes, we support all those customers and it's growing quite nicely underneath, and it's underpinning what you're seeing and why we're so bullish about the macro demand of the Electric Power and Gas markets. We continue to talk about it over and over and over again about the growth. And so that's what you're seeing in the Electric Power business, and it's going to sustain for the medium-term as far as we see it.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it, Duke. And the second question is about the training school. Last day, on your Analyst Day, you talked a lot about training and it's been something that's showing up more in your commentary. With the acquisition of the school, is it going to help you remain competitive on the pricing side? Is it going to give you more leeway regionally? Would love to get an idea of strategically how this helps you either maintain your market share or gain market share.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think it's unique. We bought a accredited college, I wouldn't call it a school. So when you think about it, it's something that adds to what we already have, which is world-class skilled labor, and what we think is the very core of who we are is putting that world-class skilled labor out, and having cost certainty and then adding the advanced solutions around that craft skilled labor. What Northwest Line does for us is it takes the academia pieces of that and it puts it into all of our training across all of Quanta, as well as what we're doing for the industry when we recruit, when we train new apprentices. It just allows us to expedite what we're trying to accomplish with boots on the ground labor in the field. And it makes us look, feel different and also helps the industry and our clients, because they have the same issues we have. For 15 years or so, North America has not trained craft skilled labor. It's almost been a dirty word. We've got in front of that about five years ago with the Lazy Q facility. This academia piece, which I believe is world-class, the best training guys in the country and our business and we'll take that and ramp it into gas, telecom, and whatever other verticals that we come up with to put in the craft skilled labor. It'll enhance who we are. It'll enhance how quickly we can deploy resources in the field and grow organically. So we're very proud of the acquisition. It's certainly a solution-based acquisition that's going to help Quanta and the industry.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Duke.
Operator: Our next question is from Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, everyone, good morning.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So just starting off, it sounds like the large diameter pipeline market is overall picking up and accelerating. I understand you're really focused on emphasizing small and medium market as well and not picking up. So if you can just give us some thoughts on now that, overall the pipeline market, both small and medium and large seems to be picking up. How just the competitive environment is looking? What you're seeing in terms of pricing and terms on some of these contracts? And then, can you also give us an update on the Canadian market and how you're thinking about the outlook there as it relates to activity?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Noelle. The large diameter pipeline market we talked about being at capacity in 2018 and we still think that that's the case as far as North America goes. As far as pricing and such, I mean, most of these projects are long-term projects. We've negotiated many of them years ago with the way escalation and things like that work. So we're happy with the contracts that we have. We continue to see a robust market there out past 2018, continue to see RFPs, RFQs; it's all over the place as far as negotiations, alliances and the way the contracts are looking. Obviously, we price the risk. We talk about the markets with our clients, but continue to support their CapEx bids on large pipe. The LNG markets are exporting as well. So that looks good for us. As far as Canada goes, I think you need export there from the LNG on coastlines with gas or oil. If that does not happen, you're going to see the export market in the U.S. get more robust. And so you'll see more pipes to support LNG in the state. So one of the other is going to happen. We are seeing a pick-up on the small diameter pipe in the markets in Canada, which is good. And so we're optimistic on that.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And then just shifting over to T&D, the South Florida project that you announced, can you clarify if that's an independent project or if it's related to some of the rebuild work following the hurricane? And then if you could talk about that longer-term opportunity that you're seeing in South Florida and even Puerto Rico around rebuild work?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, Florida, our customers in Florida, there's tremendous amount of grid modernization going on down there and they did a really nice job with the hurricane. We picked it up quite nicely in Florida. So the job itself was not – it was an independent job, when we announced....
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: ...typically over $100 million, so that's typical when we announce a job, that job was independent of that just to show the breadth of there is some large projects out there that kind of don't make the headlines every day that we are picking up. But in general I would say the Florida market and what's going on there is robust. As far as Puerto Rico, there's a lot of rebuild going on down there. We've looked at it multiple times. I would just say that for us it was extremely important to support our ongoing customer base and it was necessary for us to do that. We were constrained with people already, so and then trying to ramp for 2018, we chose to stay and support our customers here in the States at this point. We'll continue to look at opportunities in Puerto Rico.
Noelle Christine Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Duncan with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Nice job this quarter.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Matt.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: So, Duke, the first question I've got and look I appreciate that you guys have to be conservative around the timing of pipeline projects, but when I break down what's going on in your Oil and Gas segment, it makes the guide look really conservative, right? Stronghold, if I remember correctly, was supposed to do less than $200 million in 2017. We're now talking closer to $600 million in 2018. So that's $400 million of growth, that's more than 10% right there. And you're talking about the large diameter pipeline spreads being, it sounds like more utilized this year than last. So was it really just as simple as until some of the large diameter work starts, you're going to assume less than perfect timing on those start dates, is that really what we should be thinking about with relation to where the guidance is?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Matt, I think, if you look at what we guided and you think about this $550 million to $600 million we talked about in Stronghold, we're on track there, we have not backed off that. When we look at our guidance, we are prudent about how we look at the large diameter pipe and how it's in the outer. We have not started. We've mobilized maybe on a few, but we have not started construction on any of our large diameter pipeline as we sit here today. So when we look at that and we take an approach to the quarter or to the year, we're going to take a prudent approach to gas and we always have and we will continue to do that. And we'll update you as we move along. As we move along on the projects, I do think we can execute through that, through some contingencies there. I think there's upside there on the outer quarters, but as far as it sits today, I think we put a prudent guidance which also includes EPS growth or at least growth in the segment. I can let Derrick to talk a little bit about that growth.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, to Duke's point, I mean, to the extent we see the higher revenue base overall and then expanding margin opportunity through our guidance, you can – it's broadly substantial, a bit of change from operating income contribution. To the point on the revenue side, we're always going to take into consideration the risk of cancellations or delays within that segment, that's a pretty big component that we always look to be prudent about in the guidance. And from a standpoint as we move forward, we see the ability to expand on both the base business and continue to have some level of awards, but that's where the biggest risk of cancellation, delay can happen.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That helps. I appreciate it guys. And then sticking with that business for my second question sort of longer-term, can you talk just a little bit about what the market outlook is there? I know there's always a little bit of consternation in the investment community, people concerned about when the peak is for pipeline activity. You guys, obviously, are the largest pipeline contractor in both U.S. and Canada, I would think have a pretty unique perspective on the visibility that you have to projects beyond what we all can see. So as you sit here today, how long do you think you can continue to grow that segment? What is just the intermediate term market outlook there?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, for us, I think when you look at it, it's broken up into two or three pieces. So if you look at the industrial business and what we did there, it's more of a what we call our base business, our core business, it's repetitive in nature. We've talked about the growth there. We think we can grow that high single, double digits. It's got a longer-term outlook to it. And we also have our distribution business that's along that, the same thing there. We're working on getting scale a lot of offices this year and things of that nature in that distribution business to increase our margin profile. So you'll see us take some breath and make sure that we grow our margins in that period – in that piece of business. We also have a midstream business that's underneath that typically when – after you build large diameter pipe, it goes back and then you get a lot of takeaway, storage, things of that nature in the midstream piece, which we have a really nice business there and that continues. And on the larger diameter pipe, Canada has been down a bit. They've got to get policy there that will allow to get capacity takeaway. So that has pulled back some. But when you look at it and look at the projects that are out there, I mean, you still have the Keystones of the world. You still have a lot of LNG takeaway that we're hearing now, export capabilities on oil in the U.S. We talked about that in the past where if you saw some LNG exports start, you would see more gas needed, as far as transportation, those are large diameter pipe. So, I think the market, the way I see it today, has elongated a bit, so that's a good thing on the large diameter pipe. And we're building our nice base business underneath that, which when we look at the interest rates and what's going on in the replacement and things of that nature, our utility customers have got – already put in place bonds and things of that nature to support their CapEx on the distribution side, cast iron, steel replacement, all the things that are going on. It's just a matter of us manning and getting scale out of these offices, which will create incremental margin underneath and we won't be so reliant on this large diameter pipe as we move out past 2020 and beyond, because that's the market that's cyclical and we talked about the lumpiness of it and then us trying to stabilize that.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. I appreciate it. Thanks for the break-down.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good morning. I have a couple of follow-up questions. One, in terms of just following up a Matt's question on the Oil and Gas business, I mean, if you back out Stronghold, you're essentially assuming your organic business is flat. So is there something specific to Quanta in terms of capacity concerns, in terms of projects that we're more worried about certain projects are getting cancelled or not going forward, I just want to make sure there's nothing specific to Quanta or something that's in your backlog? My second question is what is the expected EPS contribution from Stronghold in 2018 relative to 2017? And then last, can you just talk about – understanding the Electric Power margins are being hurt somewhat by investment in communications, can you talk about how long that's a headwind or what's the revenue base we need to see for the communications business to get more to the double-digit range that you target longer-term? Thanks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Okay, Jamie. The Gas side, I would say in general, when we look at our Gas business and the guidance that we provided, one, Stronghold, we said $550 million to $600 million high-single digits, we stand by that as far as margin contribution and EPS contribution. When we look at the rest of the business and what we talked about was prudent approach to guidance, there's nothing in the backlog that would say that alarms us as far as getting started or when it starts, we've taken a prudent approach to it, just to make sure that we get started. I mean, I think it's important for us, as we start the year on these large diameter projects and the risks associated with them that we take that approach to guidance and we did. In the underlying business, it's growing really well. We are taking some breath in the distribution business to make sure we can get some scale out of the current offices that we have. I thought that was important. If you look at where we're at from a margin profile, I think we're picking up the whole margin in this segment. So that being said, we are moving the margin up in this segment. And as far as telecom on the Electric Power, it is dragging some, I think, by – when we go out in the third and fourth quarter, we're engineering, we're getting into construction, I think we have $400 million of backlog in North America right now, there's no stopping, people wanting us to put facilities in the ground and in the air. So that being said, we're concentrated on making sure we have the right labor force and the execution strategy to move that forward as we sit today and I think as we look into the midpoint of the year, you'll start to see that be at least at parity with our current Electric margins on the outer third and fourth quarter.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And then just, sorry, the Stronghold contribution, I think before you were targeting, I think, in 2017, it was supposed to lose $0.05 and then swing to positive $0.10 contribution in 2018, is that still what we're expecting?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I said $550 million to $600 million in revenue and...
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: No, I'm talking on EPS, so, EPS contribution.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think that....
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I'll let Derrick comment.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Jamie, that's fair from an EPS perspective. It should swing – we're looking at it basically swinging back to about the $0.10 we talked about previously. Our overall guidance expectations for Stronghold for revenue and margins are consistent with what we said in our original acquisition call.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Alan Fleming with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Duke, we've heard a lot about the tightness on the Gas side and demand outstripping available capacity. Does that tightness allow you or give you more control in terms of how you ramp up these large projects as you get into the second half of the year? And would you say visibility today is better than where you've started out the last couple of years?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, on the large diameter side, I mean as far as us seeing the work, we can see it, it starts and stops. And when they start, it's something that's out of our control. So anything that we can control, we certainly can put it on a piece of paper and execute it. The most of the works in, what I would consider, risky terrain and parts of that area that we're very familiar with, we understand that area, we bid it appropriately to make sure that we've covered our risk off in those areas. So I think we've done a nice job of putting together a book of work that we're happy about going into 2018. And for us, it's just about getting started on it, executing through on some of the contingency in it and getting back to you on it. But we're real proud of what we got. I mean our companies that are under that are 100 years old that built most of the large diameter pipe or a lot of the large diameter pipe in North America. So we understand it very, very well.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And I think previously you had talked about expecting some of the industrial related work that you lost out on when the hurricanes hit in the second half of 2017 potentially coming back this year. Have you started to see that happen? And do you think there's any pent-up demand there on the industrial side on the Gulf Coast that can start to shake loose here in the early part of 2018?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. That's a new acquisition for us. And I think as we look at it, we're real happy with the acquisition and what we're seeing there. I'm cautious about how to talk about this year, but I think in general, we're seeing more demand. Whether it's Harvey related or not? I can't be sure, but I think we're seeing more demand in the services that we offer in industrial space and we're real happy with what we see.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. I'll leave it there, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, Chad.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So can you walk through some of the moving pieces behind your Oil and Gas outlook? Just trying to think through how LDC business contributes as well as on the midstream side? And just a question on Stronghold as well. I know that there's some cost absorption issues that impacted performance in 3Q and 4Q of last year. Just trying to get a sense for whether we're fully beyond that or will there be some absorption issues that play through until 1Q?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I think, in general, we've talked a little bit about it. As far as industrial, we stand behind the guidance we gave there. We've taken a prudent approach to our large diameter pipe. Our takeaway capacity that's there as far as what's out there, they continue to build that. It's Texas, the Permian Basin, continues to be prolific. So, I mean, we see a really nice market there. I think when we talk about it, it's the distribution business that we're saying that we invested in last year. We're able to now take that and get scale out of those offices and we'll start executing. When you look at year-over-year, you have some – you had Sabal Trail going in the first half last year. We don't have it going right now. So we're starting with no large diameter pipe in the first quarter for that matter and a little bit in Canada. So there is some difference in the way the years fall out. So it's more second quarter and beyond, driven on large diameter pipe and we take that approach in guidance. Canada is still, I would say, out of all of it is still the unknown as it sits today. The large diameter pipe – you have Line 3 up there that's under RFQ now and some of the other larger projects are still in RFQ stages. So that's probably, I would say, if we had a visibility issue, it would be Canada in large diameter pipe. But we're real happy with where we're at and we think we have a really good market in 2018.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's helpful. And then, switching over to large transmission. Can you speak to your expectations on utilization? I was trying to think through just the number of projects that you have. You have Fort McMurray already in construction, the East-West Tie Line, recent win with the large Florida project and potentially Wind Catcher. Just trying to think through over the next maybe one to two years, I mean how should we think about the collective, I guess, utilization or productivity peak for these projects and where will that head?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think if you look at it and you see the CapEx and the OpEx, we're on two large projects, would be three with the Florida project there. We're able to put up $5.9 billion or so, $6 billion or so of Electric Power revenue with those large projects. That will continue to grow. We continue to see the CapEx, OpEx budgets of these customers be prolific. And I can't stress it enough about the business that it's what's driving the business. We're talking about Wind Catchers and Northern Pass and all those kind of things every day, none of that is in our outlook, none of that is in our backlog, none of that is what we're considering what's driving this business today. It's really the enhancement of us providing solutions to our customers so they can be successful in their capital deployments and OpEx deployments. And that's what's driving the Electric Power business on a daily basis, which what's driving Quanta for the most part on that 60%, 65% of our business.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys. I wanted to start with telecom. Can you just talk about the trends you're seeing in the U.S.? And then also, what are your thoughts on continued U.S. telecom backlog growth in 2018?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. The telecom business is robust. We talk about it daily with our larger customers there, us being back in the business. It's certainly something that's – it's getting a lot of our attention here. We're able to talk to a variety of customers about their builds. It's a really good market. What we're in now, I mean, we're engineering a lot of projects. We're starting to put boots on the ground and delivering at this point. So it's something that I think is going to continue. You see the markets in 5G, 4Gs in places still. Our Latin America market and Canada market is good. So we're excited about the business, so we continue to put people in the air and on the ground. So us, it's just now about execution. And I think we can continue to build backlog. We talked about $1 billion and I stand behind it. We're still headed that direction.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Great. And then, just a clarification on these other expenses. When do those projects end that are generated in the other expenses?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean I would tell you that you should expect to some extent that we would see that probably over the mid to long-term portion of our visibility, because we continue to believe that we'll go through and make investments in other projects as we move forward. The projects that are sitting here today that are influencing that number, those go into an 2018 and 2019 type timeframe, but I would continue to expect that 2019, 2020 and beyond, that you'd see some sort of level of that other expense or deferral as we continue to pursue other types of investments.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co., Inc.: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Rygiel with FBR & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Thanks, and good morning, gentlemen.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, Alex.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Two quick questions. First, in the gas distribution business, congratulations on picking up some more share there. Could you help us to kind of frame the size of that either as a percentage of total Oil and Gas segment or sort of the annual revenue run rate that gas distribution is on right now? Maybe talk a little bit about the growth rate in that business in 2018 versus 2017. And then, from a more macro standpoint, talk about the margin profile of that business and how it's changed over the last couple of years and where it could get to?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. So thanks, Alex, for the question. I think the gas distribution business, it's basically underneath, that it's really the steel replacement, the cast iron replacement and all the things that are going on from an integrity standpoint in distribution systems. You have low interest, low fuel cost so the regulators are really putting money into to replacing the systems and it's broad-based, it's U.S. based, it's all over. So that being said, labor constraints and things like that, us building it organic – growing it organically and building these offices has put pressure on the margin profile of the segment. So it's difficult because there is some large steel, low pressure steel that goes along with some of that replacements, so you're – it really looks and feels like a midstream job in many ways other than being in the city. So you do cross a little bit, so we can move crews back and forth on some of those cast iron and steel replacement jobs. It's a nice market, it's a 20-year, 30-year build, we've seen it people pull back from saying 50 to 60 and now they want to do in 30 years. So you're starting to see that. I think our acquisition in Northwest Line will allow us to train those – our folks in the field faster and we could put more crews together and grow that business. But if you look at the growth of the business, I think we can grow it in the high to mid-single digits year-over-year. And I'll let Derrick talk about how it complements the whole segment.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, the distribution on its own, it probably runs in the 20% to 25% of the overall segment. It's a component of what we consider to be base business for that which is on average is still running about 75% of everything but that component alone probably runs in the 20% range.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: It's very helpful. And then on NLC, is this just a cost center and if so what's the annual drag that we should think about if we should even think about it that way?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: No, I don't look at it like that, I think it can – it is a cost center to some extent, but it also earns revenue as well, it's a nice business. It offsets some of our training costs as well. When we look at it, we look at it as a solution really to our customers' labor solution and to ourselves, and it allows us to train and facilitate our training and get people deployed faster. And also when they hit the ground, people today, kids today, we need to put them out there smarter. And so they're able to be smarter when they hit the ground. And I think a pre-apprentice piece of this and it allows us to really complement our already trade associations and things that we're doing today and work in a collaborative effort with our client and our trade associations to deploy more people and grow organically faster and more economical. So it's difficult to say what that is synergistically, but is itself, I mean, if you just look at the margins on what they do on any given day, their margins are comparable to our Electric segment.
Alex Rygiel - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Newby with D. A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
William Newby - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, Bill.
William Newby - D. A. Davidson & Co.: I just had a couple of follow-ups on the telecom. Duke, you kind of mentioned that $1 billion revenue target kind of longer-term, I think originally you had said that's kind of a medium-term target, is that – I mean can you give us any more color there on how quickly you guys think you can get to $1 billion, is that a 2019 event or are we still too soon to tell?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think 2019 is a stretch, I would say it's more longer than shorter. But we're – I think you'll incrementally see us. It's a matter of how much labor can we deploy in the field and how well can we execute on these larger projects. And so for us, I mean the macro market's certainly there for us to do that, I mean, in any given area. If we look at our international markets and also what's going on in the lower 48, we can certainly get there. If we chose to do some regional acquisitions or things of that nature, we can expedite that. We were talking about doing that organically as it sits. So I think in general, it just depends on how we look at it on a go-forward basis. But the market's there, I don't want to press it, we want to make sure we can execute, so we'll take a prudent approach to how fast we get there.
William Newby - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I appreciate that. And then I guess on the margin side, it's good to hear that those margins in that business should be on par with Electric by the end of this year, it sounds like. Is there more upside there as you continue to ramp it? I mean could those margins be accretive to Electric Power segment by the time you get to $1 billion in revenue?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, I mean I think you see our pure play competition, I think when you see that, there's no reason why with our boots on the ground capabilities and what we're able to accomplish, we couldn't have comparable margins or should. My expectations is we would have comparable margins to what you see out of those guys. We're growing this business organically and so when you're growing anything organically, it costs money to grow. And I think it gets unnoticed the amount of resources, both on the distribution side of the business on the Gas side, the Electric side and the organic growth that it takes to put people in the air and train them, it costs money and it drags a little bit. But for the longer-term, if we look at the company 5, 10 years and the ability for us to continue to grow our EBITDA and margins, that's there. We continue to do that and we'll continue to do it for the foreseeable future.
William Newby - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thanks for the color. I'll jump back in the queue.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I wondered if you could talk about how revenue recognition changes are affecting your financials and the guidance for 2018.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, actually we have – anticipate fairly little impact. I think that we're looking at something in kind of a low single, maybe kind of double-digit cumulative effect that we may be booking here in the first quarter, but broadly I think you'll see absolute kind of negligible impact on our overall revenue recognition.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then just a further clarification on the large diameter pipe guidance assumptions, I know you're trying to be prudent, but maybe you can kind of tell us how much you have included in your guidance that's not actually permitted at this point. And if you could kind of quantify for us how much large diameter pipeline work you did in 2017 versus what your base case is for 2018?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I mean I can tell you and I'll let Derrick talk to the comment on the end. But as far as us mobilizing and things, it's not a permit issue, more so it's just making sure that we do mobilize and nothing else comes up on those larger projects. We feel confident that they'll all go. We're not concerned at this point with that. And so we've taken that into account in the guidance. We don't have a bunch of cancellations or anything like that. You could see some slippage quarter-over-quarter or things with that nature. We're still looking at work and booking work on a daily basis. I mean we're booking work in the quarter. We'll continue to book work. So that being said, it's still a robust market as we sit today. Now I'll let Derrick comment on the amount to the segment.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. In 2017, I think the big thing to remember is that the first portion of the year had a substantial amount of winter work, which is not necessarily normal for us. So 2017 had a larger portion of mainline contribution likely overall. As an example, when you come into 2018, you're not seeing very much of that. And it's what's bringing the overall revenue base down. I would say that in 2017, we did north of $1.5 billion and in this year right now, we still see the opportunity, but we're probably a little less than that as we stand here today.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back to management for closing comments.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in the call and thank you for your support in 2017 and more importantly, our people in the field for doing what they do every day. We thank you and thanks for participating in this call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip Rupp - VP of IR Duke Austin - President, CEO & COO Derrick Jensen - CFO
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Noelle Dilts - Stifel Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc Steven Fisher - UBS Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird and Company Adam Thalhimer - Thompson, Davis Brent Thielman - D. A. Davidson
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations for Quanta Services. Thank you. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review our third quarter 2017 results. Before we begin our discussion, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts through the Investors & Media section of quantaservices.com. We encourage investors and others interested in our company to also follow Quanta on the social media channels listed on our website. Please note that in today's call, we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the Investors & Media section of our website, we have posted reconciliations of the differences between these measures and their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 2, 2017, and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the company's 2016 annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our third quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Quanta continues to make incremental progress on enhancing certain margin profiles while strategically investing in our recurring revenue base business. We continue to believe there's opportunity to create significant shareholder value as we execute on our strategic initiatives. We achieved record quarterly revenues and solid adjusted diluted earnings per share growth as compared to the third quarter of last year. More importantly, we're confident that Quanta is well positioned for continued growth in revenues and earnings. I am pleased to report that we ended the quarter with a record backlog of $10.5 billion. I would note that our backlog does not yet include a couple of larger projects we have previously announced, primarily due to the ongoing permitting and regulatory approval processes. We're confident that these projects will move forward and expect to include them in backlog when we have better visibility into mobilization. We continue to believe end market drivers are firmly in place and that we have the opportunity to achieve new levels of record backlog. During the third quarter, three hurricanes devastated parts of Texas, the Gulf Coast, Florida, Puerto Rico and the Caribbean, causing significant damage to the electric power grid and other infrastructure. Quanta deployed significant resources during the quarter to many of these areas to assist our customers with power restoration. As a result, emergency restoration services revenues were approximately $130 million, nearly a record, driven primarily by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, and to a lesser extent, Hurricane Maria. In addition, we continue to evaluate ways Quanta can supplement and support power grid restoration efforts in Puerto Rico. Preplanning with our customers in days before these hurricanes made landfall allowed us to position the majority of our resources in or near impacted areas well in advance of the storms, enabling us to begin restoring power as soon as it was safe to work. Our employees had no serious safety incidents despite working more than 1 million manhours in extremely challenging environments. We want to congratulate our crews for their commitment to safety and thank them for their dedication to restoring power to those affected by these catastrophic storms. Additionally, we believe the significant investments the utility industry has made in hardening electric systems facilitated the power recovery faster than we have seen in the past. In our view, these proof points support the value system hardening and modernization initiatives, which further supports our growth expectations for the electric power segment. The high level of emergency restoration revenues during the quarter were largely offset by the negative effects the events had on our ongoing operations in the impacted areas. The historic flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey significantly impacted our industrial services operations and adversely affected our day-to-day electric power work along the Gulf Coast for several weeks. We have a large number of employees located throughout the Gulf Coast, some of whom experienced significant property damage from hurricanes. Further, many of our employees were away from their families during and after hurricanes, restoring power to others. In response to the hurricanes, we created the Quanta Cares employee relief fund. Contributions from Quanta, employees, vendors and other partners raised nearly $1.3 million, much of which is being distributed to over 200 employees who are recovering from damage caused by the hurricanes. Additionally, after the storms, hundreds of our employees were active in their communities, helping neighbors and other Quanta employees. We say that Quanta is a family, and the way our employees help others in need exemplifies the Quanta culture. Turning to the electric power segment. We are generally pleased with our performance during the quarter. As just discussed, strong emergency restoration activities were partially offset by work disruptions caused by the hurricanes during the quarter. Additionally, the profitability of our Canadian operations improved in the third quarter as compared to the same quarter last year. We have completed construction activities on Labrador Island Link transmission project and are successfully transitioning resources to ramping up activity in Fort McMurray West transmission project, which began construction in the third quarter. As we increase activity levels on the project, we expect further improvement in the profitability of our Canadian operations.  We have agreements for and continue to discuss additional large transmission project opportunities with numerous utilities and merchant transmission companies in North America. Several of those projects are making progress through the permitting and regulatory approval process with announcements possible in the medium term. Our customers are actively executing on existing capital programs, small and medium transmission projects as well as distribution work remains active, and we continue to expand and formalize with customers these solutions we can deploy for new large multiyear capital programs. These programs include both larger and smaller electric power infrastructure projects that are designed to upgrade and modernize the grid. We believe there are opportunities for new alliance agreements, with Quanta playing an important role supporting our customers' multiyear capital programs. Our communications infrastructure services operation, which is part of the electric power segment are gaining momentum. Our U.S. market expansion efforts are going well. We continue to be very well received by our current and potential customers. We remain focused on organically growing these operations. However, we will evaluate select acquisitions that bring strategic value to Quanta, allow us to provide differentiated solutions and accelerate our U.S. expansion efforts. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, we have secured more than $200 million of new project awards in North America, the majority of which were in the United States. Quanta's scope of the work on these projects includes fiber-to-the-home deployments, fiber backhaul and long-haul fiber installations, and we expect to perform this work over the next few years. Our oil and gas segment generated record revenue during the third quarter despite negative impacts from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. These events significantly impacted our industrial services operations due to the work disruptions, deferrals and project cancellations. We expect the impact of these storms to negatively influence the industrial services portion of our oil and gas segment for the balance of this year. While it's still early, our mid- and longer-term expectations for these operations are still very much intact, with the potential for the incremental work in 2018 due to work deferrals caused by hurricanes this year. During the third quarter, FERC regained a commissioner quorum, which has significantly improved our regulatory visibility and project construction timing for the pipeline industry. As a result, FERC has begun to clear the large backlog of major pipeline and other infrastructure projects awaiting final approvals. Several major pipeline projects have since been approved by FERC, including the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project, a portion of which was previously awarded to us but was not reflected in our backlog, partially due to the uncertainty about the timing of FERC approval. The Atlantic Coast Pipeline is a proposed 600-mile natural gas pipeline planned to run from Harrison County, West Virginia to Robeson County, North Carolina. We expect the majority of work will be performed in 2018 and 2019. Our portion of this project is now included in the backlog, with a contract value in excess of $0.5 billion. Based on these developments at FERC, conversations with customers regarding a number of larger pipeline projects are accelerating, and the timing of contract signing is gaining greater near-term visibility. As a result, we continue to believe that demand for large diameter pipeline spread resources can reach full capacity over the next couple of years. As we have discussed for some time, our end markets are experiencing historic levels of capital and operating investments, which we believe will continue for the foreseeable future. As a result, demand for skilled labor is high and industry resources are increasingly strained. For many years, Quanta has been making strategic investments in safety, training and recruiting to become increasingly self-reliant to ensure that Quanta is a preferred employer in our industry and has the qualified workforce we need to grow our business. Our ongoing investments in training through Quanta's world-class training facility, college and trade affiliations, assistance with the formation of a nonprofit line school and other regional activities and our commitment to meeting the long-term needs of our customers sets us apart in the marketplace and will continue to pay dividends. In summary, we delivered a solid operating performance in the third quarter despite facing severe weather events that affected our operations. While we now expect 2017 earnings to be down slightly from our previous expectations, this is entirely due to the floods, effects of the hurricanes during the third quarter and the carryover into the fourth quarter. As I hope you have heard in my remarks, our end markets are strong. Visibility is improving, and we continue to believe we are in the earlier stages of our renewed multiyear upcycle with continued opportunity for record backlog. While we will provide our formal commentary in 2018 expectations on the fourth quarter earnings call next February, I am confident there's an opportunity for Quanta to grow its top and bottom lines in 2018. We expect our base business to continue to grow. We see continued opportunity for the award of larger, high-voltage electric transmission projects in multiyear alliance programs over the near and medium term. We believe the larger diameter pipeline market is robust with a multiyear cycle ahead of us and expect our communications infrastructure services operations to grow. Our qualitative outlook for our business is largely shaped by our collaborative relationships with our customers, which gives us valuable insight into their multiyear infrastructure capital programs. We are focused on operating the business for the long term, and we will continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset is the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of the third quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced record third quarter revenues of $2.61 billion. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock was $89.3 million or $0.56 per diluted share compared to net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock of $73.1 million or $0.47 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2016. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to common stock, a non-GAAP measure, was a record $0.63 for the third quarter of 2017 compared to $0.55 for the third quarter of 2016. Favorably impacting the quarter was a $5.5 million or a $0.03 per diluted share tax benefit from a decrease in reserves for uncertain tax positions resulting from the expiration of certain statute of limitation periods. Consolidated revenues increased $567.1 million or 27.8% when compared to the third quarter of last year. This overall increase was primarily due to increased customer capital spending associated with electric and various gas transmission projects, $100.1 million of incremental emergency restoration services revenues and $85 million of revenues from acquisitions, most of which related to the acquisition of Stronghold. The most substantial financial items of the quarter resulted from the impacts of the various hurricanes. We executed on approximately $130 million of emergency restoration service revenues, an amount comparable to our highest levels ever performed in the quarter. Although this work often offers higher gross margin opportunity, large adverse weather events can come with offsets. This quarter, the negative aspects of the storms offset much of the positive contributions. First, within our electric power operations, the negative impact of Hurricane Harvey caused various work shutdowns, delays and inefficiencies as well as an increase in employee support costs. Further, as Duke commented in his prepared remarks, Harvey specifically impacted our oil and gas industrial services operations in the Gulf Coast region. Our annual guidance provided in our second quarter 2017 earnings call included post-acquisition expectations for Stronghold to be approximately $240 million to $260 million of revenues. Although we do not intend to continue to provide quarterly commentary on specific acquisitions, due to the significant storm impacts on our operations, our post-acquisition revenue expectations are now $170 million to $190 million for Stronghold. In addition, the acquisition was previously expected to be accretive to Quanta's 2017 annual non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock by $0.06 to $0.07. We now anticipate the impacts of the disruptions attributable to the hurricanes will cost the transaction to be dilutive to our annual adjusted diluted earnings per share estimates by around $0.05. Ultimately, these negative effects largely muted the overall positive contribution of emergency restoration service work to the quarter and the year. Returning to our consolidated results. Our consolidated gross margin was 13.4% as compared to 14.8% in the third quarter of 2016. This decrease was driven by factors, which I'll discuss later in my remarks, related to segment results. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $201.2 million in the third quarter of 2017 or 7.7% of revenues as compared to $164.3 million or 8% of revenues in last year's third quarter. The increase in SG&A was partially due to $16.9 million in incremental general and administrative of costs associated with acquired businesses, which included a $3.3 million increase in acquisition and integration costs.  Much of the remaining increase was due to higher compensation costs largely associated with higher incentive compensation based on current levels of profitability as well as annual compensation increases and increased personnel to support business growth. To further discuss our segment results. Electric power revenues increased 23.1% when compared to last year's third quarter to $1.5 billion. This increase was primarily due to higher customer spending associated with electric transmission projects and $101.1 million in additional emergency restoration services revenues. Operating margin in the electric power segment increased to 10% in the third quarter of 2017 as compared to 9.7% in last year's third quarter. This increase was partially due to the increase in revenues described above, including the incremental emergency restoration services revenues, which typically yield higher margins, partially offset by the delays and other effects I discussed previously. In addition, we had an electric transmission project in the Lower 48 that underperformed against our expectations and experienced increased costs associated with road access, subcontractor and labor productivity issues, which resulted in a $9.4 million loss during the third quarter of 2017. The project was approximately 80% complete as of September 30, 2017, and should be near completion by year-end. Lastly, the necessary investments we are making to scale and support the growth of our communication services operation included within this segment continue to have a slight negative effect on electric segment margins. However, we believe these operations are the positive tipping point and expect improved profitability in 2018. As of September 30, 2017, 12-month backlog for the electric power segment was a record $3.9 billion, which was an increase of 7.6% when compared to June 30, 2017, while total backlog for the segment was $6.6 billion, which is fairly consistent with levels at June of this year and in the third quarter of 2016. Oil and gas segment revenues increased 34.7% quarter-over-quarter to $1.1 billion in 3Q '17. This increase is primarily due to continued gas transmission pipeline demand within -- with quarter-over-quarter revenue increases, driven largely from smaller projects, offset slightly by lower contributions from larger projects due to the timing of awards. In addition, incremental revenues from acquisitions contributed approximately $80 million in the quarter. Operating margin decreased to 5.3% in 3Q '17 from 8% in 3Q '16. In addition to the storm impacts discussed earlier, margins were impacted by the overall decrease in revenues from larger pipeline projects, which typically offer higher-margin opportunities. Also, adverse weather conditions on certain Canadian gas transmission projects created delays and other production issues resulting in higher-than-expected costs. These projects were substantially complete as of September 30, 2017, and change orders related to certain of these impacts are being pursued but have not yet been recorded. As of September 30, 2017, 12-month backlog for the oil and gas segment was $2.3 billion and total backlog for the segment was $3.9 billion, both of which represent significant increases when compared to June 30, 2017. As discussed in today's earnings release, we have now included the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project in backlog largely as a result of the FERC approval of the project as well as better visibility to the scope of work we will be performing. In addition, the incremental backlog associated with the acquisition of Stronghold contributed roughly $300 million of 12-month backlog and $700 million to total backlog. A large portion of their work is associated with evergreen MSA arrangements, and our backlog includes estimates based on 12-month run rates for this type of maintenance work. Consolidated 12-month backlog at September 30, 2017, is approximately $6.2 billion, which after excluding the backlog acquired during the quarter, still remains at a record level, which is a great start towards achieving Duke's earlier in the year comments about opportunity for new record overall backlog. Also, with his earlier discussion, we continue to see the opportunity for additional awards in both segments. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $13.6 million in the third quarter of 2017 as compared to 3Q '16 due to $9.6 million of higher compensation costs, due largely to the factors impacting consolidated SG&A as well as $3.3 million in higher acquisition and integration costs. For the third quarter of 2017, cash flows provided by operating activities of continuing operations were approximately $173.7 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $58.9 million, resulting in $114.8 million of free cash flow. This compares to negative free cash flow of $97.6 million for the third quarter of 2016. Free cash flow for the third quarter of last year was negatively impacted by higher working capital requirements related to the number and size of oil and gas infrastructure projects that moved into full construction that quarter. However, for the third quarter of 2017, we had a smaller number of these projects and most were winding down, reducing the cash flow demand. The third quarter of 2017 was negatively impacted by high unbilled balances associated with the storm work late in the quarter as much of the work had not been built by quarter-end. DSOs were 79 days at September 30, 2017, compared to 74 days at December 31, 2016, and 79 days at the end of last year's third quarter. This increase from year-end was primarily due to more favorable billing terms for certain projects ongoing at the end of the year as compared to the projects ongoing in 2017. At September 30, 2017, we had $91.5 million in cash. We had $392.8 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding, and we had $757.5 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with $751.2 million in total liquidity as of September 30, 2017. During the quarter of 2017, we closed the Stronghold acquisition and increased borrowings on our credit facility to fund the $347.5 million of net cash used for the acquisition. As expected, the third quarter had stronger free cash flow than the previous six months of the year. And although it is difficult for us to forecast overall free cash flow, we continue to expect the fourth quarter will be our strongest free cash flow quarter of the year. FX is now expected to run between $240 million and $250 million for the year, which is up slightly from our previous annual guidance due to opportunistic realignment of certain equipment from rented or leased to owned assets. Turning to our guidance. Our full year 2017 consolidated revenue is expected to range between $9.25 billion and $9.35 billion. Our range of revenue guidance contemplates electric power revenues with year-over-year growth approaching 15% and oil and gas revenues potentially exceeding 35% growth year-over-year. We see operating margins for the electric power segment at around 10% for the fourth quarter, resulting in annual margins still in the 9% to 9.5% range for 2017. In addition, we see fourth quarter operating margins for the oil and gas segment to now be around 2%, resulting in annual operating margins slightly below 5% for 2017, both lower in large part as a result of the margin declines from the previously discussed storm impacts. We anticipate interest expense for the year to be approximately $18 million to $19 million. Our forecast for the year for other expense is now approximately $7 million to $8 million, which includes other expense related to the deferral of a portion of the construction profit on the Fort McMurray West transmission project. Noncontrolling interest deductions should be between $1.5 million to $2.5 million for the year. We anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the year to be between $1.58 and $1.68 and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $1.90 and $2. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in our release. Our full year 2017 guidance reflects foreign exchange rates comparable to the first nine months of 2017. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could make comparisons to prior periods difficult and could cause actual financial results to differ from guidance. Shortly after this conference call, we'll post a summary of our guidance expectations in the Investors & Media section of our website. We do believe our net results for the quarter weathered the storms and reflected diversity of our operations. In addition, we believe our expected results for the year continue to reflect our opportunities for growth and our commitment to maintaining our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. We continue our bottoms-up assessment of our 2018 opportunities and feel we are well positioned financially for continued growth and the ability to execute on strategic initiatives. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi. Please state your question.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke, so industrial services looks like, you mentioned, it's going to cost you about $0.12 swing this year in the second half of the year because of the hurricanes. You mentioned that some of the business may come back in 2018. So, can you talk about the confidence that, that business does come back, that it's not just lost [indiscernible] in hurricane in the second half of the year? Then can you talk about overall emergency restoration work? Does it start to sort of significantly outweigh the hurricane issues that you've had, especially [indiscernible]? How much longevity is there for hurricane restoration work this cycle?
Duke Austin: Yes. First, let me take the industrial question and talk a little bit about that. I think what you had this year, you had a flood along with some wind events. So, Harvey, you had wind events in the Corpus area, Gulf Coast, and then you also had big floods in Houston all along the refineries. So, our industrial business, when we look at it, we had a pretty nice fall turnaround season ahead of us. We were preparing for that. And we had a flood event. And so, we can't control the weather. It happened and it affected not only the third quarter. It will affect the fourth quarter in that business and the guidance we have given. So that being said, I think some of that differs into 2018. We stand behind our guidance that we've given in 2018. We think the company is in great shape. We couldn't be prouder of it, of the management team and what we're doing there and the strategy we have behind it long term, and that includes 2018. So, I think some of that can get deferred. It's early -- too early to say, but we're having great conversations with our customers and our customer base on the industrial segment.  As far as the restoration business goes, it was -- if you look at it on the electric segment alone, it's -- we said it was $130 million in the quarter, so it's less than 5%, 10% of the business in the quarter. So, when you look at it, yes, it's good and we're doing good things. And mainly, what we're doing is we're helping our customers get lights back on and making sure that there's no loss of life. And I'm real proud of the way the guys performed and what we did as a company and as an industry. It really, really was world-class restoration here.  As we look forward into the fourth quarter, there's some pickup that's still ongoing with our customers as far as cleanups, some things that were done in the storm. You go back and you fix things that you may not have done up to spec. So those things will all be getting taken care of as we move forward in the fourth quarter. As we sit today, I think, first and foremost, we were supporting our U.S. based customers. And the opportunities in the islands and other places, we're evaluating those daily.
Andrew Kaplowitz: And Duke, just as a follow-up, obviously, a fair amount of noise in your oil and gas margin in 3Q given the storm issues and the weather impacts in Canada. How do we think about the underlying margin in that business and the potential for it to get back closer to your long-term range of 9% to 12% in '18, especially as I would imagine utilization is going to be pretty good in time it gets better next year? So how do we think about that?
Duke Austin: Yes. When we look at our oil and gas segment, the underlying business, the core business is there with our distribution business, our industrial business now. I think we've set up really nicely to grow that, to drive that business. And it's overlaid with our project-based business. What we're seeing is our projects are coming off. The work that we have in Canada, we'll be prudent about how we guide to that. We've grown our -- organically grown a lot of that base business now, and I think we'll start getting scale out of it as we move forward into 2018.  So, I like where we're at. I understand where the margins are. We're looking at them. We see them as well. So, we're not happy with where they're at, and we're working towards next year's guidance to be back in the more normalcy of what we've said in the past. I think as we get into that project-based business into 2018, which is robust on the pipeline side, we really like how it's setting up in the future years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle Dilts: So just starting out on the oil and gas side, I guess kind of a multipart question here. First, you talked about seeing a number of project opportunities in the market. Can you give us a feel for -- are you still seeing the preponderance of those projects are gas? And sort of give us a sense of where they're coming from on a regional basis? And then, we're obviously watching a lot of projects. Quite a few of them are in the Permian. I know historically, folks have kind of viewed Quanta as the Union operation, but I think you've been adding to your non-Union capabilities. Can you just talk to us about your competitiveness on some of these projects in what would traditionally be non-Union territories?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Noelle. Yes, as far as the large project goes, we are in active discussions with customers on multiple projects. We put one in our backlog now. I believe we'll be full on our -- in North America, at least in the Lower 48 as we look into 2018, 2019. I don't think there's any issue there. It's a robust environment. It's good. And you guys follow the larger projects. There's a nice list out there. We're around them all when we look at them. And so, we're talking to customers about the best way that Quanta can move forward and provide support and solutions to them as we move forward to those bigger builds. As far as the Permian, we've -- we have made investments there. We're able to operate in that environment. So, as we see those jobs, as that moves forward into 2019, 2018, we're on those projects as well. We're also seeing signs of the Midstream business come back as you start to move gas into Mexico. That business is getting better both in Canada and in the Lower 48. So, things are shaping up and strengthening both on the midstream side, our Canadian midstream side as well as our large diameter pipe. So, we really like how '18 is shaping up.
Noelle Dilts: Great. And then just shifting over to transmission. I think when you kind of look at commentary out of peers and equipment suppliers into this space, you've kind of consistently hear that you're seeing strength in the small to medium market -- you guys talked about that today -- but that there are some large opportunities on the horizon. Are you thinking about some of those opportunities? I know you've got Wind Catcher. But contributing to the back half of '18 or are you thinking they're more 2019 opportunities at this point?
Duke Austin: Yes. I think we're going to grow the business nicely in 2018 on the electric side. Our underlying business, as we've talked about, about 85% of it is that base-type business on the electric side. It's probably a little more than that at this point. And we're seeing strength in that with these capital projects and capital programs with our customers. As far as those bigger projects, there's some of those bigger projects that we're looking at, but we're not anticipating that being a 2018 event. And we don't -- while it's great to have them and it's great to be able to look at that work and think about it, it's not something that we're anticipating in our guidance at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Tahira Afzal: So, I guess I was very curious to see this hybrid wind-solar-battery power plant announcement that you made. I know maybe starting off on the [indiscernible] side, I would love to get an idea of the opportunities that you see there, what business in terms of size. And then on the telecom side, obviously, some good bookings coming through. Is -- are the bookings you're seeing a little faster than you thought or are they tracking as you thought?
Duke Austin: Good question, Tahira. As far as the battery project in Australia, I think for us, it's just a matter of we get a lot of questions about what we're doing in Australia and our ability to grow our service lines. As you remember, Australia started out as a gas-only operation and now we've taken that, we built our electric business there as well as have the capabilities on renewables from the Lower 48 there. So, it was a nice project. It was a battery, wind, solar project. And so, we're able to put a lot of things together and build something unique in Australia on an EPC basis. So, we're proud of that. We're proud of our ability to deliver in Australia and that management team there. So, we wanted to highlight that a little bit about some of the breadth we have in our regional offices. As far as telecom, I think what I would say there, we're six months behind. We stated that before. We're seeing really good bookings. We're starting to execute work, engineering work now. I think we're at a tipping point there, where you'll start to see us incrementally every quarter get better in that business. And we had some -- a little bit of delay in Latin America on some projects, and that's now starting to flush out. And all that's starting to come together, so I really like where we're at. We'll get some growth next year. We'll continue to book backlog. We've had good conversations with our customers in that business. They like us in the business. We know it very well. It's an organic growth story. So, when we're growing organically in any of these businesses, it does drag us on our earnings profiles but it's the right long-term answer for Quanta and it's the best use of our capital. So, it's better for us to grow it organically on some of these service lines, and that's what we're doing here and that's what we've done somewhat on our gas side as well. So, I'm really pleased with where we're at, albeit six months behind.
Tahira Afzal: And just as a follow-up, first of all, congratulations on Labrador Island. Obviously, I got to see firsthand what a complex project it is, so congrats over there. I did notice that [indiscernible] about some projects but the execution wasn't that good. Would you say that the nuances you saw there are within the normal range? Or was anything structural we should be focusing on?
Duke Austin: No. I think as far as what Derrick was commenting on in the project in the Midwest, it was primarily around access and our ability to get to the right-of-way. It wasn't traditionally the work -- actually, the execution of the work, which it's something that as we look at these projects, it's getting hard to get access. It was two years ago when we started this. And as we look at them today, we look at them a little different. We learned some stuff there on access, so we got a lot smarter as we move forward. It's not something that we typically have issues with on our electric side -- electric segment. We pride ourselves on execution, but we thought we should highlight it in the quarter and just show you the strength of the underlying business on the rest of the work. It was a one-off project. I don't anticipate us having issues on that side of the business. Yes, we're very proud of that team at Labrador Island. That was a tough, remote project. I don't think as far as I'm concerned, nobody in the world could do it and certainly not under-budget and on time. So, we're proud of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse. Please state your question.
Jamie Cook: I guess, Duke, first, this longer-term question and then the second, follow-ups. Can you just talk, based on what you're seeing today, the pipeline of opportunity, how you're sort of thinking about your longer-term goals of the $10 billion revenue target? And how you would define medium term today based on the bookings that you've had? I mean, is that more of a three-year, five-year? And then sort of, do you feel more comfortable with the top line or the margin side of that business? And then my second question, just a follow-up on Tahira's, the electric power problem project, the $9.4 million loss, I know you said it's 80% complete. How much revenue is left associated with that? Because I'm just trying to figure out the drag on margins. And then can you quantify, you talked about on the oil and gas business the weather issues hurting, creating delays and stuff. How much of an impact was that on your oil and gas margins? Because even adjusting for Stronghold, your margins looked -- in the hurricane, your margins looked a little light on oil and gas.
Duke Austin: Yes, thanks, Jamie. A few questions there. So, the 10 billion top line, if we add Stronghold and what we said on the Stronghold acquisition, it was about a 570 million to 600 million type run rate on a go-forward basis. Given what we've done this year, I think our 10 billion number is reachable in the short term. Much...
Jamie Cook: How do you define short term? three, two?
Duke Austin: Let's build it from the bottom up and we'll start giving guidance. But it's sort of in the three to below three in my mind. We haven't built it up yet. But obviously, if you start adding it up, you say we'd grow electric, you say we can grow gas, and then you do the math, you'll see where I'm at if you add the 570 in for a full year run rate. So, we're growing the telecom business as well. So, I like where we're at. I like what I said. I think it's shorter rather than longer. But let me build up 2018 from the bottom up and we'll get there, give you some more guidance on that. As far as the margins go in the gas side, I'll let Derrick take that question. The 9.4 million on the electric side, we're substantially complete with the issues that we were having on the below grade. We're into the kind of the wire, the clip and the stuff that does not cause issues there. We're working with the customer on some changes. So, I think in general, there's no really issues on a go-forward basis on the job. We're 80-plus percent complete, probably $15 million left, or something like that. I'm not worried about that one. Not worried about that one. And as far as the qualitative comments on the weather on our gas segment, I think you're right. We were a little light in places. Some of the spring break up in Canada was pulling down some of those margins in our Canadian operations. And we were also starting other operations in Canada on the midstream side, which I like it long term. So, it was a drag there in the quarter. And I'll let Derrick comment on some of the other things you asked.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I think Duke basically handled it. I mean, from a revenue perspective, the idea being is obviously we have this year, there's quite a bit of storm work in it, probably $100 million more than normal. But it doesn't have the full annual effect of Stronghold in it. So, when you think about the midpoint of our guidance and you factor both of those equations into it, you see a number next year that when you take into consideration our opportunities for double-digit growth that we have spoken about, we can see how modeling can get you into a number that's up there. We have yet to put out exactly how we're going to do it from a bottoms-up perspective, but we can understand how the scenarios and the modeling can start to look closer to the $10 billion number that you're talking about. And then Duke has already covered it earlier in the comments ultimately about oil and gas. The largest contributor that we've spoken to regularly is the aspect of large diameter pipe. We have a pretty substantial complement of large diameter pipe opportunity for 2018, much of which is already in our backlog. And to the extent that we execute to that, not only from a contingency perspective, but the utilization of assets, those are the types of things that have always told -- in our mind modeled out the largest overall increase in margin potential. I think it's too soon for us to get to a spot of saying what our margin range will be, but I think we have every bit of expectation they will exceed 2017.
Duke Austin: And one more thing, Jamie, I think we asked about the gas margins in general, whether we're trying to grow the top or bottom. I think we're always trying to grow the bottom line margins on that business. That's one piece of business that we've invested a lot in that base core business, so it's not so project-concentric. And that -- this year especially, we've really almost doubled our employee count on our base type business and also our investment in our industrial segment on the gas side. It's going to pay dividends next year and in the following years out. So, when the projects are not there, we have a good, strong base business. It does impact the margins this year. I don't think that will be the case next year as we move forward, so we'll see more steady margins, plus we'll layer on some projects. I really like how the business is setting up in a multiyear macro market here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Duncan of Stephens Inc.
Charles Duncan: So, first thing I want to talk about, and look, I get that you're not to the point where you're ready to give 2018 guidance yet and Jamie was just kind of hitting on this, just sort of the time frame around the $10 billion in revenue. But if we look at the comments you're making about each segment individually and the growth potential that you're seeing into next year, based on the revenue you're putting up this year, it seems like maybe you could achieve that revenue number as early as next year. So, I just want to make sure we're not misunderstanding the way you're framing up the opportunity for both segments. Is it fair to say you can grow both at least mid-single digits or better in the next year?
Duke Austin: I think it's a fair comment. So, we see the same thing you see and we like the macro markets and we like what we're doing as far as executing within the business segments. I think in general, we're working on our gas margins. And so that's something we understand and we know where we're at there and we continue to work on it.
Charles Duncan: Okay. And then in the oil and gas segment, just a couple of things. On the pipeline side, if you could comment just based on what you're seeing from a market perspective and sort of translate that to your business. How many large diameter spreads do you think you could have working next year versus this year? And then on Stronghold, you gave us an updated view on what it's going to do this year. Is that lower view all due to the storms? Would you have been able to hit the numbers that you laid out when you bought it if not for the hurricane impacts so that, that business is still kind of on track for what you laid out for us for next year?
Duke Austin: Yes. We're in constant contact with our customers. And I think in general, in Stronghold, we like where we're at. We think we're right on track other than the storm impacts. I believe we would have hit -- it's hard to say. I mean, it's certainly something that you don't want to start off with, with a hurricane event on something on a business line. And it happened. We can't control it, but it happened. We dug into it. We looked at it. We see a strong market going forward and we stand by our guidance in '18 and beyond.  We really like that business. As far as us being at capacity, the markets are there. The overall macro markets are there for us to be at capacity in the Lower 48. We're not going to take undue risk or things of that nature. And that being said, we could run 8 spreads, 10 spreads or something in North America when we look into next year, but we'll be smart about it.
Charles Duncan: And Duke, haw many did you run this year just so we get a comparison?
Duke Austin: Yes, I was cut up. It's a different build next year just where it's at regionally, so it's not really a fair -- we had some smaller projects in different parts of the world. So, it's difficult -- it's not a comparable year. So, I would just -- I would say next year is more robust than this year for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: [indiscernible] would have been in the fourth quarter -- can you hear me?
Duke Austin: You broke up. Can you repeat, please?
Steven Fisher: Sure. Just wondering what -- if you can give us what the oil and gas margin would have been in the fourth quarter ex the storm impact, if that would have been in the sort of 5% to 6% range? And can you talk about the timing of mix of larger versus smaller pipelines and how that plays out in the oil and gas margins over the next few quarters?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, Steve. Ex the storm impact as far as our current view, I mean, it'd be up 100, 130 basis points or something like that. Now versus our original views, obviously, it would have been higher because now it's burdened with the impact of Stronghold. But ex-storm right now, you can probably look at something that's going to be at least 100 basis points higher than what you're currently looking at. As it relates to how the quarters themselves play out, I think it's still a little too soon for us to answer that. We -- as we go through, we're going to do the bottoms-up approach like we always do. And for us, seeing how December and January come into play are really pretty important to looking at how we think the 2018 quarters themselves will play. As I stand here, I would have a tendency to tell you that I think the seasonality effects would be generally the same. Still lower in the first, rising in the second, higher in the third and dropping in the fourth. I don't believe I'll see something materially different from that, but at the levels of that right now, I need to see better visibility into that first quarter before I can answer with specificity.
Duke Austin: Qualitatively, some of the work is in the mountains. So, when you look at that in the big pipe piece of it, we got to be careful about how we look at that and when we get spreads kind of at capacity. So, we'll be smart about that. And I would say, Derrick is right. There will be some seasonality in that business. But if you look at what's happening in Canada, some of our midstream business, our Canadian midstream business is starting to come back and some things that can impact the first quarter in a positive way as well. So, it's hard to say. Like Derrick said, we needed to do a bottoms-up approach and come back and give you some seasonality. But as far as the overall year and what it's shaping up, we like it.
Steven Fisher: Okay, I'll follow-up offline on the 3% margin ex the storm issues. So, I want to ask about cash flow. With it running more positive and expected to be strongest in Q4, how are you thinking about share buyback at this point if you have the $300 million authorization, I think?
Derrick Jensen: Yes. As we stand here today, we have not purchased any stock under the plan. We continue to be opportunistic with it. It's all about how the M&A market investment side of the equation and stock buybacks mix. So, as we go forward, it will still be part of the overall. And it's still our intention to look at that as an opportunistic deployment of capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank.
Chad Dillard: So, Derrick, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about the -- having some communications cost absorption. I was hoping you can quantify that. And then also, how much coms work is currently in backlog now? And how should we think about margins relative to both transmission side and coverage and then maybe you can speak to how you see this work ramping up as we move through 2018.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, for the quarter, communications, I would say that roughly it's probably 20 basis points dilutive to the electric power group overall right now. The project work is profitable, but it's just an aspect of how the ramp-up of the strategic side of the equation is putting pressure on it. But the project work itself is profitable. Communications backlog, when you consider Latin America, Canada and I would throw in there the post September 30 type of awards, I mean, that number is going to be in excess of $600 million. I mean, it's a growing number for certain. And as we go forward, I think Duke has commented about that he sees additional opportunities for awards comparable to what you've seen both in the second quarter and the third quarter as we move forward.
Chad Dillard: And then moving over to storm work. How much storm work did you have year-to-date and what's your full year expectation for 2017? And then on the Australian solar project, can you just provide a little bit more detail on its price? Did you guys take any construction risk? And is this project design off-the-shelf? Or is it -- I'm just trying to understand some of the risks associated with this project.
Derrick Jensen: About $200 million of storm work to date. I would tell you that we're expecting right now fourth quarter to come in, let's say, about $25 million. So, we think the year will end up about $225 million. Some of the work that's coming in, in the fourth quarter would not be characterized as storm work. When Duke alluded to additional work coming through, a lot of that will drift over and be traditional maintenance work versus storm work. So, we'll probably look at ending the year about $225 million. Generally speaking, the project down -- that combined project is an EPC project. It's lump-sum. It's more of the traditional risk that you would see associated with that type of work but nothing really unique or unusual.
Duke Austin: Large material component. I'm not too concerned with that -- no output risk or anything like that. I'm not too concerned with that project.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird and Company. Please state your question.
Andrew Wittmann: I guess I wanted to ask on Puerto Rico. And as you have been looking at this, what do you need to see out of that type of work to get you comfortable with going in there? Is it advanced payments? Is it credit worthiness of the customer? Maybe you can just talk about some of the factors that you need to see line up for you guys to have a role there.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think we're known for boots on the ground construction. We had 5,000 folks deployed in the U.S. and picked it up quite nicely. For us to get involved in an event, which I think first of all, concerned with human life and what's going on there, so that is concerning to us and we're certainly willing to help and support. As we look at it, we need to get good visibility from whoever is going to decide to lead that effort. We're obviously in contact with both the utility and the government. So, we'll look at it. But first and foremost, we have customers here that -- and the demands are high for us to finish capital budgets. And there's a large storm in the Northeast as we sit today that we're supporting from traditional customers from earlier on this week. So, we have to watch kind of what we do and how we support other places and those efforts. But we're happy to do that, and we are in discussions all the time about how to support those islands as well as Puerto Rico. But as far as what happened in the press, in the media and everything that was said on the contracts down there, we were not involved.
Andrew Wittmann: Okay, great. And then just a cleanup question here. At the outset of the call, you guys mentioned there's a couple of large projects that you've won and talked about publicly that are not in the backlog. One of them is Wind Catcher. I was wondering if you can remind us what the other ones are.
Duke Austin: The other one is Northern Pass, and we're around the edges on many more. So various stages of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer with Thompson, Davis. Please state your question.
Adam Thalhimer: I wanted to ask first on Stronghold. Do you have any feel for the spring turnaround season yet and how that business might bounce back in Q1 of next year?
Duke Austin: Yes, I think from our standpoint, we see a robust turnaround season in the spring. We're talking to our clients and we stand behind our guidance there, the 570 million to 600 million next year. We're in constant discussions in the things that we do on the industrial side. We're happy, happy with the business, happy with where we're going in 2018. Constant communications over there, and I'm pleased with what's going on. It's all storm related here. And some of that deferred, some of that just kind of pushed into next year or the years beyond. But I think from our standpoint, we see opportunity into 2018 on top of what we've already said.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. And then the oil and gas backlog, you're already at a record. You referenced continued growth. I'm just curious if you can give us any kind of a sense for what do you think the peak potential backlog is for that segment based on your capacity?
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean, as far as backlog peak, I'm not certain. EPC, we can do a lot of things over there that allow us to build backlog relatively quickly. We're also building our base business, and it's just difficult to tell you how long the backlog goes out, beyond 12 backlogs versus the 12-month backlog, but it's a robust market on the large diameter side as well as on the other underlying businesses. We've invested a bunch in that. We're really focusing on bringing up our margin profiles and executing on the work that's ahead of us in the next 12 months and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thielman with D. A. Davidson. Please state your question.
Brent Thielman: Duke, based off your experience in the past with some of these events like we've seen this quarter, as customers in the South sort of digest everything that happened and kind of calibrate where they need to spend money in the next 12 months, is that something that can impact bid schedules on these larger transmission programs? Maybe there's an emphasis on other areas of the asset base. Or does it actually kind of create more urgency to move these jobs forward?
Duke Austin: I would just say in general, as a large event in the industry itself, what was done from a hardening standpoint and a modernization standpoint of the grid was evident in the way it got picked up in the event. And so that being said, I think the willingness for the regulators to invest in their systems for the public is definitely there. It's a proof-of-concept. It -- our customers got out in front of some of that. And it really paid dividends in the storm.  So, I think you'll continue to see more investment as we move forward in the modernization of the grid across the coastlines of the Eastern seaboard, even into California. So that being said, I think that part of it, you'll see long-term investments more so than we've already seen in the grid. And as far as the ongoing work and what we're seeing, we'll still continue to execute on the capital budgets. They're not backing off those as we sit here today.
Brent Thielman: Okay, great. And then just on the mechanics of some of this work that Stronghold was supposed to do but clearly impacted. Is that work that's still in backlog and can come out and you have to potentially re-bid next year, how does that fit into the backlog today?
Duke Austin: Yes. I think in general, some of it is in backlog, some of it is -- we're with heavy discussions with customers on timing. So, a lot of it has to do with timing next year and some of it is just -- it's a push further out. Again, there's opportunities. They come up daily. You'll have one go away and three more come back. So, what we see from our customer base is the ability to get in that previous stated guidance or better.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. I'll turn it back to management for closing remarks. Thank you.
Duke Austin: Yes, I'd like to thank you all for participating in our Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta and go [Astros]. Thanks again, guys.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, CEO, and COO Derrick A. Jensen - CFO
Analysts: Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse AG Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Alan Fleming - Citigroup Inc Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG Cleveland Rueckert - UBS Investment Bank Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Company Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Company
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Quanta Services Inc Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip Rupp: Great, thank you, and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services conference call to review second quarter 2017 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of quantaservices.com. We encourage investors and others interested in our company to also follow Quanta on social media channels listed on our website. Please note that in today's call, we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the Investors & Media section of our website, we have posted reconciliations of the differences between these measures and their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 3, 2017, and therefore you're advised that any time sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or that are beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the company's 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Thanks, Kip. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our second quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. We remain on track to achieve our full year guidance and multiyear outlook. We continue to execute on our core business and strategic initiatives and continue to believe that our end markets are strengthening. As a result, we believe 2018 and 2019 are firming up to be solid years for both our electric power and oil and gas segments and that Quanta is in a renewed multiyear up-cycle. While the timing of when project contracts are signed and reflected in our backlog can be challenging to predict, we have good visibility into the overall CAPEX and OPEX spends of our end markets and remain in active discussions with our customers for billions of dollars of work. I will note that the timing for larger projects is currently more difficult to predict due to the lack of commissioner quorum at FERC. Despite these challenges, we believe it is not a matter of if larger projects move forward, but when. We continue to believe end market drivers remain firmly in place and that we have the opportunity to achieve record backlog levels over the next few quarters. Turning to the electric power segment, we are generally pleased with our performance during the quarter as mentioned earlier. We continue to invest in the workforce for our electric distribution business, which created short-term margin pressure in the second quarter, but it is necessary to support future growth. Nevertheless, we are on track to achieving our margin expectations for this year and continue to believe we have the opportunity to improve operating margins to double-digits as these investments pay off and our Canadian operations strengthen with the start of field construction of the Fort McMurray West Transmission Project. Our customers are actively executing on existing capital programs. Small and medium transmission projects as well as distribution work remain active, and we continue to have discussions with customers about the solutions we can deploy for new large multiyear capital programs. These programs include both larger and smaller electric power infrastructure projects that are designed to upgrade and modernize the grid. On prior calls, we have talked about and anticipated an increase in larger transmission project awards. Earlier this week, we announced that Quanta was selected by American Electric Power, or AEP to provide EPC solutions for the Wind Catcher Generation Tie Line Project. The anticipated contract value for this project makes it the largest award in Quanta's history. The Wind Catcher Tie Line consists of approximately 350 miles of a single circuit 765 kilovolt power line and two new EPC substations in Oklahoma. We will provide turnkey EPC services for the entire project. Once completed, the line will deliver energy from the Wind Catcher wind farm in Western Oklahoma to customers in Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and Texas. We are providing early phase project services to AEP. And subject to AEP obtaining regulatory approvals, we expect construction to begin in the later part of 2018 with the completion expected in late 2020. We have yet to determine whether the project will be included in the third quarter 2017 backlog. Quanta has built more high-voltage electric transmission infrastructure in North America than any other specialty contractor. With industry-leading experience constructing 765 kilovolt lines, Quanta brings significant scope, scale and financial resources as well as a track record of safely executing large complex projects. We are also able to provide cost certainty to these projects like the Wind Catcher Tie Line, all of which, we believe, are competitive advantages. We have agreements for and continue to discuss additional large transmission project opportunities with numerous utilities and merchant transmission companies in North America. Several of these projects are making progress through the permitting and regulatory approval process, with announcements possible in the medium-term. Further, our ongoing investment in training through Quanta's world-class training facility, college and trade affiliations, and other regional activities, and our commitment to meeting the long-term needs of our customers sets us apart in the marketplace and will continue to pay dividends. We have added to that effort by helping form a non-profit line school. Although in the early stages, we believe this school will help to develop quality line workers to supplement our growing resource needs. Our oil and gas segment had a good second quarter as we executed well on several mainline projects and other work, which resulted in solid operating income margins. Further, backlog held up well in the second quarter, especially considering segment revenues increased strongly over the same quarter last year. As a reminder, oil and gas segment backlog can vary -- variable due to its faster book and burn nature and the timing of larger pipeline project awards. In July, Quanta was awarded two spreads of the Canadian section of Enbridge's Line 3 Replacement Project. Quanta's scope of the work includes the construction and installation of approximately 168 miles of new 36 inch diameter crude oil mainline pipe, which will begin in Hardisty, Alberta and continue into the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Construction is expected to begin this month and is anticipated to continue through 2019. This project supports our prior commentary regarding improved expectations to booked pipeline work for the second half of this year. As I commented earlier, FERC currently lacks a commissioner quorum, which is required to provide final approval for major projects, including pipelines. Due to this uncertainty, customers have been reluctant to sign project contracts. A recent Bloomberg article estimated that there is $50 billion of energy projects that are held up and waiting FERC approval. The Trump administration has nominated candidates to fill all currently vacant FERC commissioner seats and we believe a quorum will be achieved over the coming months as commissioners proceed through the confirmation process. The majority of the pipeline projects waiting for FERC approval are planned to begin construction in 2018. Quanta remains in late-stage discussions and negotiations on multiple larger pipeline projects, and we continue to believe that 2018 and 2019 will be active years. We believe a number of them will be awarded pending their receipt of FERC approval or perhaps earlier and should break ground over the next 24 months.  A couple of weeks ago, we announced the acquisition of Stronghold, a leading specialized services company that provides high pressure and critical path solutions to the downstream and midstream energy markets. Stronghold is a strategic acquisition that will allow us to capture a greater portion of the industry operating and capital spends. With positive industry dynamics, visible cross-selling opportunities, and Quanta's support, we believe there is a multiyear opportunity for Stronghold's operations to achieve double-digit growth.  Stronghold's recurring revenues, accretive operating income margin profile, and strong free cash flow generation align well with our strategic imperatives for long-term profitable growth. Since announcing the acquisition, a number of Stronghold's customers have responded very favorably and we have received inquiries from several customers that would like to learn more about the comprehensive solutions, a combined Quanta and Stronghold can provide them.  The growth of our communications infrastructure services operations continues and our outlook remains positive. Our U.S. market expansion efforts are going well and continue to be very well-received by current and potential customers and we are actively pursuing opportunities with various U.S. telecom and cable MSOs. During the second quarter, we booked approximately $150 million of new project awards in North America, the majority of which were in the United States. We are in discussions with providers across North America and in certain countries in Latin America for projects worth several hundred million dollars in the aggregate, which, if we are successful in signing, would be performed over the next few years. Additionally, during the second quarter, we completed the strategic acquisition of an established communications contractor that serves the Southeast and other regions of the United States with strong customer relationships. Now as a part of Quanta, we are growing the business and have strong support from its key customers. We remain focused on organically growing our communications services offerings. However, we will evaluate select acquisitions that bring strategic value to Quanta and allow us to provide differentiated solutions and that can accelerate our expansion efforts. In summary, we remain on track to achieve our full year outlook, continue to have a positive multiyear view of the end markets we serve, and believe we are entering a renewed multiyear up-cycle for electric power, oil and gas, and communications infrastructure services operations. We are confident that Quanta is well positioned to provide unique solutions to our customers and capitalize on favorable end market trends. Our small and medium-sized base business work continues to grow nicely and we are seeing larger electric transmission and pipeline projects move forward as evidenced by the Wind Catcher Tie Line and Line 3 Replacement Program projects. We are making progress with our U.S. communication services expansion efforts and see meaningful growth opportunities for our operations in North America and Latin America. We are focused on operating a business for the long-term and continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core businesses and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's unique operating model and entrepreneurial mind-set will continue to provide us the foundation to generate long-term value for all stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our second quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks Duke and good morning everyone. Today, we announced record second quarter revenues of $2.2 billion. Net income attributable to common stock was $63.8 million or $0.41 per diluted share compared to net income attributable to common stock of $16.6 million or $0.11 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2016. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was $0.50 for the second quarter of 2017 compared to $0.18 for the second quarter of 2016. Consolidated revenues increased almost 23% when compared to the second quarter of last year. This overall increase was primarily associated with increased capital spending by our oil and gas pipeline customers on larger pipeline transmission projects and increased capital spending by our electric customers on multiple types of services and project sizes. Our consolidated gross margin was 13.7% as compared to 11.2% in the second quarter of 2016. This increase was driven by improved margins in both segments, which I'll discuss later in my prepared remarks. Selling, general, and administrative expenses were $185.9 million in the second quarter of 2017 or 8.4% of revenues as compared to $156.6 million or 8.7% of revenues in last year's second quarter. The increase in SG&A was primarily due to higher compensation costs largely associated with higher incentive compensation based on current levels of profitability as well as annual compensation increases and increased personnel to support business growth. Also contributing to the increase was $5.1 million in incremental G&A expenses associated with acquired businesses, which included a $3.8 million increase in acquisition and integration costs. We also made a $2.4 million charitable contribution during the quarter. This contribution was an initial grant to help form a non-profit line school and to fund its operations for the remainder of 2017. We anticipate making future annual contributions starting in 2018, which with the school now established, we would expect to include in our future annual guidance. To further discuss our segment results, electric power revenues increased 12.2% to $1.3 billion when compared to last year's second quarter. This increase was primarily due to higher customer spending in both our recurring type revenues of distribution and smaller electric transmission projects as well as a higher contribution associated with larger electric transmission projects as more of these larger projects were in construction during the second quarter of this year. In addition, we had approximately $15 million in revenues from acquired businesses and $8.1 million in additional emergency restoration services revenues. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in power plant-related revenues due primarily to a lower volume of renewable power plant projects and a completion of a power plant project in Alaska during 2016. Operating margin in the electric power segment increased to 8.7% in the second quarter of 2017 as compared to 6.6% in last year's second quarter. This increase largely resulted from $30.5 million of project losses related to a power plant project in Alaska that were recognized in the second quarter of 2016, which negatively impacted margins in last year's quarter by approximately 260 basis points. Partially offsetting this increase in the quarter were slightly lower margins associated with our distribution services as we ramp on certain training and development costs for upcoming work as well as variations in segment margins due to typical seasonality and the timing of project start dates and completions. As of June 30, 2017, 12 month backlog for the electric power segment was $3.6 billion, which is an increase of 1.6% when compared to March 31, 2017, while total backlog remained relatively constant despite record second quarter revenues for the segment. As compared to the second quarter of 2016, total backlog for the segment increased 6.5%. Oil and gas segment revenues increased 42% quarter-over-quarter to $899.6 million in 2Q 2017. This increase was primarily due to increased capital spending by our customers on larger pipeline transmission projects. The increase in revenues from larger pipeline projects also drove the operating margin to 7.5% in 2Q 2017 from 1.9% in 2Q 2016 as these larger projects typically have a higher margin profile due to the associated risks. Additionally, the overall higher revenues in the segment allow for better coverage of fixed and overhead costs. As of June 30, 2017, 12 month backlog for the oil and gas segment was $1.7 billion and total backlog for the segment was $2.4 billion, both representing slight decreases compared to March 31, 2017 and year-end 2016. These decreases are primarily due to burn of larger pipeline projects that moved into full construction. Our second quarter backlog does not reflect the July award of Line 3 and as Duke commented in his prepared remarks, we have been in active discussions on a number of pipeline projects, which gives us confidence in future backlog materializing. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $18.6 million in the second quarter 2017 as compared to 2Q 2016 due to $12 million of higher compensation costs, largely associated with higher incentive and non-cash stock compensation expense based on current levels of profitability, $3.8 million in higher acquisition and integration costs, and the $2.4 million charitable contribution to the non-profit line school. For the second quarter of 2017, cash flows provided by operating activities of continuing operations were approximately $8.7 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $54.5 million, resulting in $45.8 million of negative free cash flow. This compares to free cash flow of $12.1 million for the second quarter of 2016. Free cash flow for the second quarter of 2017 was negatively impacted by increased working capital requirements related to the increase in number and size of oil and gas infrastructure projects and to a lesser extent, electric power infrastructure projects, partially offset by more favorable operating results. Regarding the two electric transmission projects in remote regions of Northeastern Canada where we have had previous billing delays, as anticipated, we reached a resolution on all of the outstanding issues. The amended contract eliminates the previous scheduling and billing issues and establishes new processes, which eliminated the access and delayed items mentioned in previous earnings calls. After reaching this agreement, our net receivable position decreased as of June 30, 2017 and we have received additional payment subsequent to the quarter-end of $79.5 million. Total cash received from this customer during the second quarter of 2017 and through the end of July was approximately $277 million and the project is scheduled to be completed by year-end with no further receivable or billing issues anticipated. DSOs increased to 80 days at June 30, 2017 compared to 74 days at December 31, 2016 and 74 days at the end of last year's second quarter. This increase was primarily due to more favorable billing terms for certain projects ongoing in 2016 as compared to projects ongoing in 2017. At June 30, 2017 we had $99.6 million in cash. We had $324.7 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding and we had $480.7 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with $1.1 billion in total liquidity as of June 30, 2017. Subsequent to the quarter, we closed the Stronghold acquisition and increased borrowings on our credit facility by an additional $360 million related to the cash consideration for the acquisition. Considering our expected performance for the rest of the year and our typically stronger back half of the year free cash flow, we believe we will see our end of year leverage profile within our preferred 1 to 1.5 times EBITDA range. We believe this leverage profile allows us to continue to be opportunistic with deployment of future capital. In May of this year, we announced that our Board of Directors had approved a $300 million stock repurchase program. The authorization covers a three year period and we anticipate utilizing the repurchase program opportunistically as well as to potentially offset dilution from stock issued to fund acquisitions or under our equity compensation programs. To-date, we have made no repurchases under this authorization. Turning to guidance, we are increasing our full year 2017 revenue expectation to range between $8.65 billion and $9.05 billion. Our range of guidance contemplates the potential for project delays and cancellations. Fourth quarter revenues are still expected to decline compared to the third quarter of 2017. Based on our full year revenue expectation, we expect double-digit growth percentages in electric power in 2017 over 2016 and including results of Stronghold, we expect oil and gas revenue to increase around 20% to 30% over 2016. We continue to see operating margins for electric power in the 9% to 9.5% range for 2017 and oil and gas segment operating margins, in part reflecting the margin accretion from Stronghold, to now be between 5.5% and 6% for 2017. Due in part to the increased borrowings for Stronghold, we anticipate interest expense for the year to be approximately $17 million to $18 million. Also, the Fort McMurray West Transmission Project began construction in the third quarter. As such, we can now more accurately anticipate the construction offset associated with our investment in the project, which will be recorded as other expense below operating income. Our forecast for the year for other expense is now approximately $7 million to $9 million. Non-controlling interest deductions have also increased slightly and should be between $1.5 million and $2.5 million for the year. We anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share for the year to be between $1.57 and $1.75 and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $1.92 and $2.10. Included in our outlook is the expectation that for the remainder of 2017, the acquisition of Stronghold is expected to generate approximately $240 million to $260 million of revenues and approximately $6 million to $7.5 million of net income attributable to common stock.  The acquisition is expected to be accretive to Quanta's GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock by $0.02 to $0.03 and non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to common stock by $0.06 to $0.07 for the remainder of the year. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share represented or presented in our release. Our full year 2017 guidance reflects foreign exchange rates comparable to the first six months of 2017. Although Canadian and Australian rates have strengthened against the U.S. dollar a bit in the last few weeks, we have not considered this increase in our updated annual guidance. Fluctuations of foreign exchange rates could make comparisons to prior periods difficult and could cause actual financial results to differ from guidance. Shortly after this conference call, we will post a summary of our guidance expectations in the Investors & Media section of our website. We are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, which positions the company for continued growth and the ability to execute on strategic initiatives. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with a focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital, capital expenditures, and organic growth. We continue to see acquisitions as a fundamental component of our strategy and with the formation of First Infrastructure Capital earlier this year, we also see continued if not incremental opportunities for investments supporting our customers and the development of incremental backlog for Quanta. While our stock repurchase authorization offers us the additional option to return to stockholders, we will continue to take an opportunistic approach among all components of our capital allocation. This concludes our formal presentation. And we will now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question today comes from Matt Duncan of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead. 
Matt Duncan: Hey, good morning guys. So, first question I've got, Duke, you talked about this a little bit in your prepared comments. It's regarding the lack of a quorum at FERC. And it sounds like you still feel pretty darn good about the outlook for 2018 and 2019, pretty on par with your comments from the analyst meeting back in early April. At what point would the lack of a quorum at FERC become a problem potentially, for revenues and profits in 2018? When do you think you need to see that by, for everything to stay on track timing-wise into 2018?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, good question. From our standpoint, what we're hearing from customers and how we're looking at schedules, we believe that everything that we're hearing that there will be a quorum, number one. I think yesterday or day before yesterday, some of them moved through committee, so that's a good thing and a good sign. We're not here to predict when that's going to happen. D.C. has been -- every day is something new. So we don't know, but our customers are optimistic and so are we. As far as when we need to get it, it depends on the regulations and what area you're in and how much they relax those as well. What we're hearing is good things about some of the relaxed -- relaxing some of the regulations on us as far as clearing and things of that nature will ease the construction and so you could get later in the year. But as we see it right now, we're optimistic that the quorum will happen and we'll get approvals on some of these larger projects.
Matt Duncan: Okay. And the second question, on Stronghold actually. Not long after you guys announced that deal, there was another public industrial services company that preannounced a pretty messy second quarter. So can you help give people a little bit of peace of mind here on sort of how your business -- how that business, I guess, has held up better than other industrial services companies? What is it that makes it a more sticky business that's been able to grow that you think you can continue growing? And then, maybe talk a little bit more about what some of the cross-selling opportunities are that you see there and the revenue opportunity associated with those markets.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes. So in general, the industrial service business, we've been in it a long time, and we performed very well on our high-voltage side down. So we understand the market and we understood the others that have -- came out with announcements and where they were at as well when we made this acquisition. We fully understand. So that being said, what we do is we're critical path on both sides of that. And it's necessary -- our services are necessary in any turnaround and also in any cost structure that you would have in a turnaround. So if you wanted to expedite a turnaround, we believe that what we do is critical from our handling capabilities on the catalyst side to our high voltage side as well. So those two things are extremely important as well as all your ancillary services around that. That being said, the company that we bought has a five year track record plus a double-digit growth as well as a margin profile that's industry-leading, and we're confident in our guidance and what we bought. We're happier today or as happy today as we were when we purchased the company and believe the company itself fits in well. And everything that we've seen has been great as far as the management team and we're extremely happy and they fit in well as far as that goes. As far as cross-selling, we've been able to cross-sell already and have good client conversations about how the two put together and we can do unique things on the turnaround side.
Operator: The next question is from Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Tahira Afzal: Hi, guys and congrats on a decent quarter. I guess, first question. If you look at your comments in the past, Duke, about record backlog this year, would those still hold if you don't book Wind Catcher in the third quarter or did that project just come out of the blue in terms of timing of booking?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: My comments were pre-Wind Catcher. And I also want to reiterate on the quarter, I think we had an exceptional quarter. We're right on track. We think that, from what we see, the markets and also our guidance is intact and we're affirming as well as increasing as far as I'm concerned.
Tahira Afzal: Got it, and I agree based on what I saw today. And, I guess, the second question, Duke, we track these transmission projects pretty closely. It seemed like this one popped out, at least for us, out of nowhere a week before you announced it. Have you seen some of the regulated utilities that have been a little more slow in terms of announcing larger projects come back on the map?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, Tahira I think you know we've been consistent in talking about our base business, which is particularly about 85% of what we do on any given day is our base business. The larger projects are a small piece, 15% of the business. So we're around the edges on them all. We talk to our customers all the time. We're involved in many, many projects, some as big as Wind Catcher, some not. But in general, we understand the markets. We understand the end markets and then we're able to get in front of that and provide solutions. We've said all along, we need to be solution-based. We need to able to program manage. We got out in front of some engineering capabilities, and it's consistent with what we've said for the previous years and where we're going with the company as far as the solution base. And our relationships with the clients and our execution capabilities are exceptional. Our guys in the field are just exceptional.
Operator: The next question is from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. A nice quarter and bookings. I guess two questions; one, Duke, longer-term or Derrick, you guys put out at your analyst meeting your medium-term targets of the $10 billion in revenues. With the Wind Catcher project in Line 3, just sort of how you're thinking about the time line associated with the $10 billion, does that get pulled forward to some degree maybe to three year versus five year and confidence that margins will come through, given some of these bookings? And then, I guess, just the second question, I was pleasantly surprised by the bookings on the communications side. So can you just talk about the momentum you're seeing there and whether there is any upside to the implied revenue guide for communications in 2017? Thanks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, Jamie. I think, in general, what we'd say -- let me go backwards on the communications side as we've kind of commented on the $150 million to $200 million. We think we're on upside of that, the $200 million, as we sit today. And we're proud of where we stand there and what we've been able to do so far, primarily with organic growth there, almost holistically, organic growth. So we're happy with where we sit as far as the communications go. I'll comment a little bit and turn it over to Derrick on what we said from a comment. When we gave the commentary on the $10 billion and what we said, we said we could see it. We never gave a time frame. We stand by that. We can see it. And so we see it; it's attainable. We wouldn't say it if we couldn't see it and I'll leave it there. I'll turn it to Derrick on the numbers.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. Well, I mean, inherently I mean, our original discussion of that was excluding acquisitions. And so the Stronghold acquisition alone gives us a $500 million uptick to that number. And so based upon the guidance that you're seeing here for 2017, which is only inclusive of a partial year of Stronghold, I think that you would say although we're not in the spot of giving that multiyear guidance yet, that you would see a number in a much more sooner time frame.
Jamie Cook: And sorry, just the one thing you didn't answer, and Derrick, and I'll give this question to you because we've been going back and forth on this for a couple of years. Given the bookings that we're seeing, can we get confidence that, at least by 2018 we're back in our targeted range for electric transmission and, to some degree, oil and gas?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I think that quite honestly, when you look at our annual guidance of 9% to 9.5% for electric power, for us to get into that type of range you're going to have to see a stronger performance in the back half of the year. And that stronger performance is going to be at or near that double-digit margin. I'll reiterate that over the last couple of years, I've spoken about, and it's the same thing for 2017, that electric power, excluding Canada, is operating at the double-digit margin range. As it stands here for the -- for 2017 as a year as well as even the second quarter, it was very near or at the double-digit margins, excluding Canada. And so the headwinds in Canada had put some pressure. As we look at the back half of the year, it is some of the improvements in Canada because of the moving on to some of the larger transmission projects that are also helping to contribute to the higher margin profile for that back half of the year. So on an ongoing basis, we think that, that still bodes well for us to feeling comfortable with those double-digit margins on electric power.
Operator: The next question is from Noelle Dilts of Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Noelle Dilts: Hi guys, good morning. It was nice to see the Enbridge Line 3 win in Canada. It looks like you got about 25% of that Canadian mileage. So looking at that job, it looks like there is the two spreads scheduled to begin this year, six spreads scheduled to begin in 2018. So my question there is, is there any additional opportunity associated with those six spreads and then how are you thinking about the U.S. portion? And then, of course, any assistance you can give us to help us size that opportunity would also -- the portion you've won and then potential opportunity would also be great?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Thanks Noelle, I think, in general, that we basically work with Enbridge on the rest of the project. We bid some of it in Canada. There's another portion that will come out later that we'll bid as well. They're great clients. We continue to work with them, a collaborative effort across both Canada and the Lower 48. We're not -- I don't want to get into a bunch of comments on where we're at on specific projects for competitive reasons, but in general, great, great client and we look forward to work with them -- working with them on this piece of work.
Noelle Dilts: Okay, great. And then, can you just give us a little bit more color on the telecom acquisition, sort of what this brings to you from a strategic standpoint, maybe key customer relationships that maybe come in with this, how you think it could grow? And then, are you looking to do additional kind of smaller bolt-on telecom deals?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes. Noelle, it was a small acquisition. And it brought, actually, no backlog to us in the Southeast, but great client relationships and such. So we're able to leverage their client relationships across a broad spectrum and add our solution capabilities and some of the people that we had already. And we pulled them out of Canada and such and then really boosted our telecom operations and get a kick start in the Southeast. If we're able to do that in multiple areas, we'd do it, but it was a very small acquisition. I do not think we have a kind of a program as such as far as an acquisition profile in any way, shape or form going forward. We said we'd organically grow and I think that's the intent, but we're not going to pass up good opportunities.
Operator: The next question is from Alan Fleming of Citi. Please go ahead. 
Alan Fleming: Hi guys, good morning. Duke or Derrick, you averaged around 6% oil and gas margins through the first half of the year versus closer to 1.5% in the first half of 2016 and then last year you did 5%. So we know you want to keep expectations manageable for particularly the fourth quarter and you did raise the bottom end of the guidance there to 5.5% to 6%. But given kind of the confidence that you have in bookings and Line 3 coming in, I mean, is maybe the low end, at least the low end looking a little conservative now?
Derrick A. Jensen: No. I mean, I think that our primary concern is the timing of projects themselves. I mean, when you think about that, any of the projects in oil and gas specifically, can be moved -- whether it be the third quarter or fourth quarter, the timing of when the weather aspect and whether you are able to accelerate based upon the winter weather or not. So we're pretty cautious about that. And at the same time, I would still say that we still see a reasonably marked downturn between the third quarter and the fourth quarter because of the timing of when we're working on some of the larger transmission projects. So you're right that we had pretty strong margins in the segment in the second quarter. But I think as we go forward and here in the third and the fourth, you should expect some level of margin pressure in the fourth and a big portion of that is us being cautious about how the winter builds into playing out.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, a little commentary as well. When you compare it to 4Q of 2016, we are on multiple large spreads in the South and so that's not in our backlog as we see it today. So that's part of our comparable issue as well.
Alan Fleming: Okay, that's helpful. But maybe you can talk a little more about how you're thinking about cash flow in the second half of the year, DSOs around 80 days this quarter. I mean, what's your confidence in being able to get those down in the back half and do you think you -- a little bit more focus on working capital can help even as some of these larger projects start to ramp like Fort McMurray and Line 3?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean, I think that, in my prepared remarks, I commented that we're typically in the back half of the year, we're a stronger free cash flow company and I think that will be very much the case here still for 2017. At this stage, I would tell you that I expect free cash flow to be stronger than it was last year. Previously, we had been forecasting that the Canadian work would have some delays in that, but obviously we have reached a substantial improvement of that here in the second quarter. That's going to contribute to the third and fourth quarter free cash flow. I feel pretty comfortable that we'll have a pretty strong end of the year in that regard.
Operator: The next question is from Chad Dillard of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning. So you mentioned that there is an investment in the distribution that caused margin pressure in the transmission during 2Q. Can you just talk a little bit more about this, could you quantify how much pressure there was? And is it only a 2Q event or do you expect that pressure to continue over the next couple of months? And then also, just moving over to oil and gas, were there any closeouts for that segment in 2Q, if not, were there any baked in, in the second half of this year?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, I'll take the electric side of it. In general, I think what we saw in the quarter, we added 500 or so people. We've added 1,500 as we look at the year so far just without the acquisition. So when you're doing that, in the distribution business especially, it does create some inefficiencies. It was -- what we see in baseload work and how we're ramping on that certainly caused some unique issues as well as we are ramping on our telecom business. And so in the segment, it caused some unique variables. And I think that's not what you see going forward. When you look at this business as we do and give guidance over a period of time, our ability with utilizations and such that just goes away. But that was a unique kind of quarter where you saw some pressure. It was not that much. And as Derrick said, we were still in the double-digits in the Lower 48, but we thought we should at least comment to it.
Derrick A. Jensen: Relative to gas, I mean, we did execute two contingencies in a couple of our larger -- large diameter projects. That's -- we bake contingencies into these projects to deal with the risks inherent with them. But as we came to the second quarter, we were able to execute through and manage those contingencies so such that as some of those jobs neared completion, you saw that fall to the bottom as expanded margin.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then, just moving over to Canada, can you just talk a little bit about the bidding environment on the transmission side? How's that changed in the last three to four months and whether you're seeing any recovery or have conditions softened in that market?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Chad, in general in Canada on the electric side, we see on the larger side -- large transmission side, we still see opportunities there. We've been disciplined about how we bid this work. We're starting West Fort McMurray now in the field and we're happy with where we sit there. We'll be -- we'll continue to be disciplined up there. We know our costs. We know where we're at, and we see it strengthening from a large project standpoint with non-core Nalcor as well as starting West Fort McMurray. And even when we come off Nalcor, we feel comfortable that we'll start to see that market strengthen due to that -- those projects as well as some of the base business coming back on your Eastern side of Canada as well as on your Western side of Canada. But in general, the overall economy is depressed due to the energy markets. We've been [indiscernible] that will help on the gas pipeline. So we are seeing opportunities there as well. But more importantly, I think our discipline on large projects and how we price work at states that size and we don't have any projects that we are off the rails or any issues, which I think says a lot about our execution capabilities as well as our bidding discipline as we move forward.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fisher of UBS. Please go ahead. 
Cleveland Rueckert: Hi, good morning guys, this is Cleve on for Steve. Duke, just jumping back to the conversation about the FERC, once a quorum is established, how quickly do you think pipeline projects could actually move forward? I mean, are they pretty much staged and ready to go or is there additional citing and state regulatory requirements that need to be finalized?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I mean, I think, in general, the process within FERC has moved forward. The work underneath is ongoing, right of ways and things like that are getting bought, easements, all the necessary things within the state levels are getting done. We're optimistic on the ones that we're looking at or working or collaborating with our customers that we're moving forward. And as we stated before 2018 and 2019 we believe will be a robust environment. And so when we see that, again, it's mainly just waiting on the FERC quorum and final approvals, in my mind, to see us into 2018 and 2019.
Cleveland Rueckert: Okay. And then, I just had a question on the EPC power projects. When you guys book that work, how does -- and, I guess, how does Quanta's risk profile change? Is there any more or less fixed price risk on this type of work or is it really just more of an opportunity to expand into different areas of the project?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We've been -- we've performed EPC work for 50 years, primarily on the transmission side of the business, substations. So we're very familiar with EPC and the risk profile. I'm confident in our capabilities internally to perform that work on leaner construction. And again, we had the power plant that was a problem, but that was something completely different, something that we stated that we're not in today. So that being said, we do understand the risk profile, having had -- of that project, on something that we didn't understand as well. So I think, in general, what you see and what you see in our backlog and our ability to perform on EPC, on electric side or the gas side, we do it very well. We're excited about the opportunities.
Cleveland Rueckert: Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Rygiel of FBR & Co. Please go ahead. 
Alexander Rygiel: Thank you and nice quarter. Duke, can you talk a little bit about the mix shift in your electrical business, particularly as it relates to increasing level of EPC work and how we should think about its effect on margin over the next two years?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, Alex. We looked at that. I think, in general, what -- we can stay in our historical margins with the mix of EPC that we have today. If that changes, we'll come out and say so, but what we see today, we're very comfortable. And I'll let Derrick comment on some of that, but in my mind, I'm happy with where we're at. I think we can stay in historical margins. We're not there yet, but probably we'll be there and even with EPC, but I'll let Derrick comment.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. The only thing being is, is that if materials is a larger component of the overall contract, in some circumstances, you see pressure on margins. But to Duke's point, to the extent that we have contracts where material component is larger and diluting the margins, it will be our intention to somehow kind of bifurcate. So people are able to see what's happening from the construction side versus the material side, but we'll have to just address that as the level of mix of those contracts come forward.
Alexander Rygiel: And I believe your revenue contribution from Canadian operations last year was around 20% of total company revenue. How should we think about that number changing over the next couple of years? And what kind of implications are there towards that change?
Derrick A. Jensen: That's probably right. It's in that 20% range. On a go-forward basis, we'll have to look at how, as an example, Stronghold and the like comes in. I think for right now though, between the markets that we see in the opportunity, whether it be in oil and gas or electric power, I think still holding something in that 15% to 20% range for now is likely a good number. We see double-digit type growth opportunities in the Canadian market as much as we do in electric power. So right now, I think I'd say you probably anticipate some sort of similar percentage.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Wittmann of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Wittmann: Great, thanks. I guess my first question is on the pipeline side of the business. And you guys always have a pretty good sense about when -- on projects that your customers want to move on relatively urgently when you've got the awards. And so, I guess, I was just hoping you could give us a sense of the quantity of work that's pent up at the FERC that you know that once they do rule on it, you'll be ready to get to work in short order.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, and I think we have consistently commented on this that we believe we'll be booked in 2018 and 2019 in the Lower 48. We stand by those comments.
Andrew Wittmann: But can you give a dollar amount to it, I guess, is my question.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I just did. We're going to stand by our books. We believe we have a robust environment. It's difficult for us to comment on what that is going to look like. And certainly, in 2018 to 2019, we're not going to give multiyear kind of quantification on it other than to say it's a robust environment and our spreads, we believe, will be booked in 2018 and 2019.
Operator: The next question is from Brent Thielman of D. A. Davidson. Please go ahead. 
Brent Thielman: Hey, thank you, good morning. On communications, is that running -- or, I guess, with the new work you've picked up and are looking at here going forward, any reason to believe that could potentially be accretive to electrical segment margins as that ramps up?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, I mean, again, as you start to see utilizations go up and project mix go up when you see bigger projects and the big transmissions start to move back in, as we've said before, the margin profile and -- at the risk profile and margin profile, we believe we can execute through. Certainly, it drives your margins up, but again, our base load work and what's going on in there as well, it's not necessary, but it should enhance margins.
Brent Thielman: Yes, okay. And then, Duke, what is something like Wind Catcher moving forward due to the market. Can something as large as that be a catalyst to get other utilities moving a little faster on the programs or at least look to secure contractors like yourself?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, I mean, I think, as far as we see it, the labor environment and the amount of labor and qualified supervision that's in the market out there today, we talked about in the past that we've been a little heavy in supervision in certain areas a year ago or a year and a half ago because we saw some of this coming. We're in a really good spot from a labor standpoint as well as working with our line programs and things like that. We saw some costs roll through there. We got in front of the build. We consistently talk to our customers about what's going on and preplan and get involved with them on a collaborative effort. And that being said, it allows us to look at things like Wind Catcher and a multitude of projects, both on the merchant side and with our customers that -- most of over 50 years with us. So we stay involved with them and I think we're in a good spot and we really like the market going forward as I said before.
Operator: The next question is from Noelle Dilts of Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Noelle Dilts: Hi guys, just a couple of quick follow-ups. So first, given what we're hearing from some of your peers about weather impacts in the quarter, I was curious if; one, weather was meaningfully detrimental at all in the quarter and also if you had any meaningful storm work? And then second, I was wondering if you could give us just an update of what your mainline spread utilization was in the quarter?
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes, Noelle. I think, in general, from a weather standpoint, I mean, we bid kind of a weather pattern in our work and certainly there was probably something across -- the Northeast, I believe, was pretty wet. Again, we looked at it. We looked at the weather patterns, we have historical, and we worked through it. And basically, some of our design is that we're in West, East, wherever it's at and we were able to execute through any kind of weather issues. I'll let Derrick comment on the storm.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. I mean, we had kind of a typical quarter. We had about $25 million to $30 million worth of storm work this quarter.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: And I think if you look at the business from a mainline and base work, and this and that, again, about 75% to 80% of gas pipe is base load work, not mainline, so -- magnitude.
Noelle Dilts: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes. I'd like to thank you for participating in our quarter -- 2017 conference call. I'd also like to thank the 32,000 plus employees in the field for safely executing through the quarter. We appreciate you, and thanks for your interest in Quanta Services. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations Duke Austin - Chief Executive Officer Derrick Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Noelle Dilts - Stifel Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc. Steven Fisher - UBS Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Alex Rygiel - FBR Adam Thalhimer - Thompson Davis Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Quanta Services First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip Rupp: Great, thank you and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review first quarter 2017 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of quantaservices.com or download the Quanta Services Investor Relations app. We encourage investors and others interested in our company to also follow Quanta on the social media channels listed on our website. Please note that in today's call, we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the Investors & Media section of our website, we have posted reconciliations of the differences between these measures and their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 4, 2017, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or that are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the company's 2016 annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. On the call, I will provide an operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our first quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Quanta's first quarter results were consistent with our expectations and put us on track to achieve our full year outlook. Our end markets are strengthening and we continue to believe we are entering a renewed multiyear up-cycle for our business. The successful execution of our strategic imperatives, coupled with favorable end-market trends, positions us well to further separate Quanta in the marketplace and for profitable growth. Fundamental to Quanta's growth is our view that our backlog will remain strong and has a potential for solid growth. Our electric power segment backlog increased without the inclusion of multiple larger project opportunities that are in various stages of regulatory review or that remain subject to competitive submission processes to meet state and provincial energy policies. Oil and gas segment backlog declined in the quarter, primarily due to burn associated with significant pipeline construction activity, seasonality and the cancellation of a pipeline project contract for which we received a cancellation fee. As a reminder, oil and gas segment backlog can be variable due to its faster book-and-burn nature and the timing of larger pipeline project awards. As we mentioned in our Investor Day a month ago, we feel incrementally better about opportunities to book pipeline work for the second half of this year, which should positively impact backlog as contracts are executed. We're in the late-stage negotiations on multiple larger pipeline projects that are expected to start construction in 2017 and are in discussions for billions of dollars of larger pipeline projects that could break ground over the next several years. Overall, we are supporting our customers' project scoping and infrastructure development initiatives across our segments and believe there is opportunity for our backlog to increase to record levels over the next several quarters. Turning to the electric power segment, Labrador Island Link transmission project for Nalcor Energy in Canada is progressing well. In addition, full scale construction on the Fort McMurray West 500 kilovolt transmission project is on track to begin in the third quarter of this year. We have completed many important engineering and procurement milestones over the past two years for this EPC project and now look forward to the construction phase. The Fort McMurray West project is the largest individual project ever awarded to Quanta. Based on this expected timing, the Fort McMurray project should ramp up as the Nalcor project moves to completion. This dynamic should provide an efficient transition of our people and equipment, improve the stability for our Canadian operations and provide multiyear visibility since the project is scheduled to complete in 2019. Though our Canadian operations remain challenged by economic conditions, we are proud of how our team has executed on the Nalcor project. Overall, our customers' multiyear capital budgets continue to increase and should remain robust for some time. We continue to believe larger transmission project awards will likely increase over the next 18 months. We are in various levels of active discussion with numerous utilities and merchant transmission companies in North America about their transmission projects. Several of these projects are making progress with permitting and regulatory approvals, which increases our confidence that they could break ground over the near to medium term. In addition, small and medium transmission projects, as well as distribution work, remain active, and large multiyear MSA proposal activity is at record levels. Further, we believe the deployment of several new large multiyear capital programs by our customers is imminent. These programs include both larger and smaller electric power infrastructure projects to upgrade and enhance the grid. We are able to provide comprehensive turnkey solutions for these multiyear capital programs that we believe are unmatched in the industry. As we have said in the past, we believe we are uniquely well positioned to provide solutions for these potential opportunities, which are of the size and scope our industry has rarely experienced. We continue to have a positive long-term outlook for our electric power segment and believe we are entering an upward multiyear cycle. The end-market drivers we have spoken about for some time continues to spur demand for Electric Power Infrastructure Services. These drivers, including the need to maintain and replace aging infrastructure, generation mix shifting to more renewables and natural gas, grid modernization and regulation aimed at improving grid reliability are what we believe will continue to provide opportunities to grow are our electric business. Turning to our oil and gas segment, we generated record revenues in the quarter, which is also noteworthy because it occurred when it's typically the lowest quarter of the year due to seasonality. The quarter's record revenues were primarily driven by strong activity on several larger pipeline projects in the Southern United States and in Canada, which contribute to significant margin improvements versus the same quarter last year. We did, however, experienced some margin pressure in our base business. For example, we have been increasing and training our workforce to meet our customers' needs for the multiyear gas distribution and integrity programs. However, a couple of these customers delayed commencement of work under our MSAs during the quarter, which impacted margins. As discussed earlier in my remarks, we believe the larger pipeline project market will remain active for several years and are pleased with our execution to date. In addition to larger projects, we see opportunity for base load work to continue to grow over the coming years. This base load work includes supporting midstream infrastructure, downstream support services, natural gas distribution, pipeline integrity, MSAs, pipeline logistics management, horizontal directional drilling and engineering. During the first quarter, we resolved the litigation initiated by Dycom Industries related to the non-compete agreement entered into in connection with Quanta's disposition of certain communication construction operations to Dycom in December of 2012. While the terms of the resolution are confidential, we are very pleased with the outcome. We began the expansion of our U.S. communications infrastructure services operations following the expiration of our prior non-compete agreement in early December 2016, and with this litigation now behind us, our ability to continue our U.S. expansion efforts is unencumbered. Our U.S. market expansion efforts have been very well received by our current and potential customers, and we are actively pursuing opportunities with various U.S. telecom and cable MSOs. We have developed a workforce and delivery model over the past several months and anticipate receiving awards in the second quarter. Outside of the U.S., we signed several MSAs in Canada. During the first quarter, deployed fiber to eight communities throughout the country, and our Latin American operation continues to expand its fiber, wireless and cable operations, which are all performing well. Quanta has provided infrastructure services to the communications industry since the company's inception and the expansion of our U.S. operations complements our existing and growing operations in Canada and Latin America. All three of these geographies provide multifaceted opportunities for growth in a broad diversified customer base, which we believe is advantageous versus focusing on just one area. We're excited about the market opportunity and look forward to sharing our progress and success as we grow our communications infrastructure services operations. We also continue to advance our infrastructure solutions capabilities with strategic partnerships between Quanta, our customers and capital partners. These typically take the form of concessions, public-private partnerships or private infrastructure projects in the markets served by Quanta. These structures are fairly common arrangements in the infrastructure world and Quanta has good success with partnerships like these over the recent years. Quanta believes aligning is a true partner in these projects, and for select projects investing alongside our customers, creates a strong collaborative relationship that is open and transparent. We believe this approach yields greater opportunity for Quanta and our customers to drive a more efficient and effective design and overall structure that reduces cost and increases the chances the project moves forward and is executed successfully. Infrastructure solutions is a capability that we've been building and executing on for a number of years. These successful efforts have resulted in approximately $2 billion of project revenue across our core competencies in electric power, oil and gas and telecom and across our geographies in Canada, the U.S. and Latin America. Further, we are pursuing a number of additional projects that fit well with our infrastructure solutions capabilities. During the quarter, we enhanced our capabilities with the establishment of First Infrastructure Capital, or FIC, which is a partnership between Quanta and select infrastructure investors. FIC provided $750 million of available capital to invest in infrastructure projects with the potential for this additional capital from our existing FIC partners. This partnership is an important part of our broader strategy of partnering with our customers and providing fully integrated, differentiated infrastructure solutions while leveraging Quanta's operational excellence, strong execution capabilities and project finance expertise. In summary, the year started off well and we are on target to achieve our full expectations. While project permitting and regulatory challenges remain, we continue to have a positive multiyear view of the end markets we serve and believe we are entering a new - renewed multiyear up-cycle for our electric power, oil and gas and communications infrastructure service capabilities. We are confident that Quanta is well positioned to provide unique solutions to our customers and capitalize on favorable end-market trends. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and continuing to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset will continue to provide us the foundation to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our first quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $2.18 billion for the first quarter of 2017, reflecting a 27.1% increase from the first quarter of 2016. Net income attributable to common stock was $48.3 million or $0.31 per diluted share compared to net income attributable to common stock of $20.5 million or $0.13 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, was $0.39 for the first quarter of 2017 compared to $0.23 for the first quarter of 2016. The increase in consolidated revenues in the first quarter of 2017, as compared with first quarter of last year, was primarily associated with increased capital spending by our oil and gas pipeline customers on larger projects, certain of which moved into full construction during the second half of 2016 and continued into 2017. Our consolidated gross margin was 12.2% as compared to 11.9% in the first quarter 2016. This increase was driven by improved margins in both segments, which I'll discuss later in my prepared remarks. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $184.6 million in the first quarter of 2017 or 8.5% of revenues as compared to $158.5 million or 9.3% of revenues in last year's first quarter. The increase in G&A was primarily due to higher compensation costs largely associated with higher incentive compensation based on current level of profitability as well as annual compensation increases and increased personnel to support business growth. Other increases include a $1.9 million loss on a planned sale of a construction barge, approximately $1 million in incremental administrative costs associated with acquired companies and costs associated with ongoing technology and business development initiatives. Higher quarter-over-quarter legal costs, inclusive of the attorney's fees and expenses of $4.2 million attributable to the non-compete matter, largely offset the decline in G&A associated with severance and restructuring costs recognized in the first quarter of 2016. To further discuss our segment results, electric power revenues increased 2.7% to $1.22 billion when compared to last year's first quarter. This increase was primarily due to higher customer spending associated with larger transmission projects, $18.7 million in additional emergency restoration services revenues and approximately $10 million in revenues from acquired companies. Partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in the power plant related revenues due primarily to a lower volume of renewable power projects ongoing in the first quarter of 2017, and to a lesser extent, to the completion of a power plant project in Alaska during 2016. Operating margin in the electric power segment increased to 8.2% in the first quarter of 2017 as compared to 7.4% in last year's first quarter. Operating margin improved primarily as a result of $21.3 million of project losses related to the power plant project in Alaska that were recognized in the first quarter of 2016 as well as the incremental emergency restoration services in 1Q '17, I spoke of earlier, which typically yield higher margins. Partially offsetting these increases were slightly lower margins related to a large Canadian transmission project that, although progressing well, continues to hold contingencies in order to address performance risks associated with the remaining challenging project conditions as well as variations due to typical seasonality and the timing of starts and stops of projects. As of March 31, 2017, 12-month backlog for the electric power segment was $3.6 billion, which is an increase of 6% when compared to December 31, 2016, and total backlog for the segment was $6.8 billion, reflecting a 1.5% increase since year-end. As compared to the first quarter of 2016, total backlog for the segment increased 5.6%. Oil and gas segment revenues increased 82% quarter-over-quarter to $958.7 million in 1Q '17. This increase was primarily due to increased capital spending by our customers on larger pipeline transmission projects. The increase in revenues from larger pipeline projects also drove the operating margin to 4% in 1Q '17 from 1.1% in 1Q '16 as these larger projects typically have a higher margin profile due to the associated risks. Additionally, the overall higher revenues in the segment allow for better coverage of fixed and overhead costs. We executed within the segment largely, as expected. Margins were positively impacted by the termination fee that Duke mentioned related to a project cancellation during the quarter. However, this was offset by specific negative impacts due to adverse weather conditions on certain projects as well as lower margins from two distribution MSAs associated with unexpected delays in the release of work although crews had already been mobilized. As of March 31, 2017, 12 month backlog for the oil and gas segment was $1.9 billion and total backlog for the segment was $2.5 million, both representing a decrease compared to December 31, 2016. These decreases are primarily due to burn of larger pipeline projects that moved into full construction, and to a lesser extent, the first quarter project cancellation. As Duke commented in his prepared remarks, we have been in active discussions on a number of pipeline projects, which gives us confidence in future backlog materializing. Corporate and nonallocated costs increased $7.5 million in the first quarter of 2017 as compared to 1Q '16, due to $3.5 million of additional compensation costs and $1.8 million of increased costs associated with ongoing technology initiatives. Again, the higher legal fees this quarter were partially offset by lower severance costs as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2016. For the first quarter of 2017, cash flows used by operating activities of continuing operations were approximately $3.8 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $42.2 million, resulting in $46 million of negative free cash flow. This compares to free cash flow of $163.2 million for the first quarter of 2016. Free cash flow for the quarter was negatively impacted by higher working capital requirements associated with the significant increase in the number and size of oil and gas infrastructure projects that moved into full construction as compared to last year's first quarter. In addition, the timing of revenues in 1Q '17 were more heavily weighted towards the last month of the quarter, partly due to emergency restoration work performed in March. These negative impacts to free cash flow during the quarter are partially offset by the positive impact of improved operating results. Additionally, the invoicing challenges and billing delays on two electric transmission projects in remote regions of Northeastern Canada, which we have discussed in previous calls, continue to negatively affect cash flow. The overall AR and unbilled position for these projects remains comparable to the fourth quarter 2016 due to current quarter collections being offset by the recognition of additional revenues. The various receivables, change orders, and to a lesser extent, claims associated with the customer's scope changes as well as access and delay items continue to be processed by both parties. We continue to work collaboratively with the customer and have numerous meetings scheduled throughout the upcoming months as the job nears completion. Despite the larger balances related to these invoicing challenges and billing delays, DSOs remained relatively consistent with 78 days at March 31, 2017, compared to 74 days at December 31, 2016, and 76 days at the end of last year's first quarter. At March 31, 2017, with $106.5 million in cash, we had $323.2 million in letters of credit outstanding and had $417.7 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with $1.18 billion in total liquidity as of March 31, 2017. Turning to our guidance, with the strong revenues in the first quarter, we are increasing our full year 2017 revenue expectations to range between $8.1 billion and $8.6 billion. Our range of guidance contemplates that at the low to midrange, revenues in the second and third quarters could be comparable to the first quarter or could be lower due to potential project delays or even cancellations, while at the high end, we could see slight sequential growth from the first through the third quarter. In any case, we would still continue to expect a revenue decline in the fourth quarter as compared to 2016, primarily due to the timing of larger pipeline projects. Based on this increased revenue expectation, at the high end, we could see revenue growth slightly exceeding 10% in both segments. Shortly after this conference call, we will post a summary of our guidance expectations in the Investors & Media section of our website. We continue to anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share for the year to be between $1.52 and $1.77 and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $1.82 and $2.07. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in our release. Our annual 2017 guidance reflects the current foreign exchange rate environment. Fluctuations of foreign exchange rates could make comparisons to prior periods difficult and could cause actual financial results to differ from guidance. We are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, which positions the company for continued growth and the ability to execute on strategic initiatives. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with the focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital, capital expenditures and organic growth. We continue to see acquisitions as a fundamental component of our strategy, and with the formation of First Infrastructure Capital, we also see continued, if not incremental, opportunities for investments supporting our customers and the development of incremental backlog for Quanta. Although we take an opportunistic approach to these two components of our capital allocation, we believe that these opportunities could require significant uses of capital. This concludes our formal presentation and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. At this time we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Noelle Dilts of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Noelle Dilts: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to start on your pipeline backlog. So it sounds like you guys are pretty confident on the outlook there and the opportunity around some large projects in spite of backlog being down in the quarter. So the first question is, are you in sort of very advanced discussions on some of these jobs and you're just waiting for formal approvals to come through? Or is that just they're going to get awarded down the line? And then the second question there is, how much did the project cancellation impact backlog? And then if you could just discuss sort of what happened there and how often you see these types of cancellations that would be helpful.
Duke Austin: Yes, Noelle, this is Duke. As far as the backlog goes, and where we're at in the pipeline cycle there, it's lumpy, we've talked about it. We've announced ACP before. It's not in our backlog today. So you can see some of the stuff that's not in there and others that are imminent here. So it's - we're just in late stages of negotiations. It doesn't meet the criteria to put in our backlog. We feel confident that we'll fill that up with our large pipeline business. The 2018 cycle is robust. The latter half of 2017 is looking favorable. So we're happy with where we're at on that. As far as the cancellation fee, there are some contracts that contemplate this and delays and this is one of them. Roughly, the amount was around $100 million so for 2017.
Noelle Dilts: Okay. Great. And then could you give us an update on your utilization in terms of your mainline spreads in the quarter? And if you had to make an estimate, how utilized is the industry today? And at your Investor Day, you talked about 2018 potentially being capacity constrained. Are you still thinking that's the right way to think about it?
Duke Austin: Sure. We're in a robust environment in our large pipeline business. Rover's moving along. I think we're in good shape in 2018 as well as we stated in the past that we do have capacity. We can still book work. But I feel confident that with the ongoing opportunities and what we see, we should be in pretty good shape here for the next few years.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning guys.
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Duke, you mentioned at your Analyst Day that you're starting to see some signs of life in your Canadian oil and gas business. When do you think those signs of life can translate into results? I think you mentioned that Canada was overall, right now, a low single-digit margin business. From what you see right now, do you have enough visibility to say your margin in Canada can be higher than that later this year or even just in 2018?
Duke Austin: Yes, I think you have to look at it on the electric side and the gas side and split it. If you want to talk about Canada, the overall economics, being energy based, are down but our project-based business and the need to move natural gas to the coastline is there. We like where we're at. We like where we're positioned there. We're starting to see some projects move forward in your shales, in your Montney shales and such moving that gas out. And when you get some takeaway in there, things will look good. We've seen Trans Mountain get mentioned a few times. Those kind of things, those larger projects stroll up resources in the country and so that allows others - other projects that we'll be on to - we can execute well. So I like where we're at there. I think we're cautious about the overall economy on the gas side, but there's signs of life. On the electric side, with us having a backbone project of WFMAC and coming off Nalcor, we are seeing some stuff in the East, Toronto and in the West. Alberta is still, besides WFMAC, it's still very depressed there. So we're optimistic on the coast and we're cautious about the Alberta market. But all in all, we're executing through it pretty well through a tough economy there. And if you go back a few years in Canada, it was our highest margins in our company. So I'm optimistic we'll come back to those margins over time.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay. That's helpful, Duke. And Derrick, you raised guidance for the year by a couple of pennies. You talked about having increasing conviction in the fourth quarter. When I look at the revenue guidance raise and the $0.02 increase, it looks like the revenue guidance raise is on sort of low-ish low margin. Maybe you can talk about that. But do you feel more confident here in the fourth quarter, even with the oil and gas backlog down? So fourth quarter is not going to be that big trail off that you talked about last quarter as a concern?
Derrick Jensen: Yes, what I'd said is I still expect the fourth quarter to be a downtick, irrespective of where we see the overall uptick in revenues. Last quarter to - fourth quarter '16 versus fourth quarter '17, I still believe that we're looking at a downtick. The uptick in the revenues overall for our guidance, some of that came from the strong quarter in the first - the strong revenue in the first quarter, but otherwise, it comes from some level of incremental comfort as we spoke about before in the back half of the year. But that's coming from both electric power and oil and gas, probably somewhat equally at this stage. We see some opportunity in backlog for both. But I'd still think you need to be factoring in a downtick in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question is from Tahira Afzal of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Tahira Afzal: Hi Folks.
Duke Austin: Good morning.
Tahira Afzal: Duke, first question is really in regards to follow up on what Noelle was asking. You're pointing to a record backlog. And if you really do the math over the next quarter, it basically implies a pretty sizable opportunity on the bookings side. Should we - are any of those dependent on the FERC quorum at this point? Or is the timing of the bookings and the risk really not regulatory related at this point?
Duke Austin: Yes, as I've said with Noelle, I think what we see and our opportunity that we see and where we're at in the stages of the contract negotiations, we feel confident in the statement. So I'm fairly optimistic that we'll be in record backlogs.
Tahira Afzal: Got it. Okay, Duke. And the second question is on the telecom side. I know it's just a small part of your business right now but one that could potentially be growing pretty rapidly. Should we be looking for any visible announcement around MSAs from key customers to really help us feel comfortable around how you're doing there?
Duke Austin: I would say, Tahira, we'll over-communicate a bit for a few quarters here on telecom because we'll give you some idea of where we're at. I do think we're a little bit behind where I'd like to be. When you have a lawsuit in front of you, it does. It is a distraction on the operation and that past us now. And hopefully, that's the last time we'll talk about that, I think it is. And we're optimistic of the markets and you see it growing. You see what AT&T, Verizon and others are doing in that business. And our Canadian operations, our Latin America operations are growing nicely, similar to what you see others are doing in the U.S. So we had really good feedback from the customer base and I'm confident we'll move forward here in the next few quarters. And we'll definitely communicate it to the investment community.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Wittmann of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wittmann: Great, thanks and good morning. I guess I wanted to start my questions on the Labrador Island contract. I heard a couple of things in the script but thought maybe could use a little bit more color. In particular, you mentioned that's - it's on track and it's going well but you are baking in some level of contingency. I want to understand that a little bit better. As you finish up here later this year, do you expect, because your booking it more conservatively here, that if things progress at the existing pace, that you'll be able to book an incentive award or some sort of third quarter benefit when that thing completes? But I also heard that, obviously, the receivables have been slow to come in and that there's potential for claims on that. So I was hoping you could give us some sense about the magnitude of the claims that you're contesting and the impact that might be having on the receivables as well.
Duke Austin: Yes, I'll talk a little bit about the job itself and let Derrick talk a little bit about the numbers. From our standpoint, we're working collaboratively with the client and I think both of us have the same goal in mind and that's for a completion and it be a successful project. There's nothing to read into that other than we're working together to - on both commercially and on schedule that they would like to see completed this year. So we're working through all the issues that it takes to do that. It is a 1,200 kilometer or so job across very remote country and you get 50 foot of snow in the winter and so things, you get a thaw. And so it's difficult from a construction standpoint and we've done a great job executing through it. I'm happy with our performance there. And so the client's happy with us and we'll get through the commercial issues here over the next few quarters. And I'll let Derrick comment on where we're at from a cash standpoint.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. Also, this relates to the contingencies. I mean, the contingencies are normal in any job like this. The job is a very large job, as Duke spoke about. And to that level, I mean, we're going to manage those contingencies relative to the risks that we see ahead of us. Is there the opportunity for some of those contingencies to come through with an expanded margin? I would say yes. It's typical to all of our type of work we think that if we can execute through contingencies it offers us a degree of upside. We have not factored that into the equation because it is still a complicated job. As it relates to the receivables, as we've talked about in previous quarters, effectively, the new revenue for a given period is replacing the settlements of older balances. So we're just kind of turning the balances each individual quarter. The overall net position has stayed relatively constant over the last 6 to 9 quarters as the new work is replacing the old. And then as it relates to any aspect from a change order perspective, most of that is really just kind the unit adders in the contract itself and any of that is the smallest portion of the overall receivables, unbilled production and change orders. It's the smallest component of the equation.
Andrew Wittmann: Okay, that's helpful. My follow-up question was on the pipeline segment. And there, I just wanted to take your pulse a little bit on - from the various basins. I mean, you guys have been pretty clear over time that, out east in particular, some where you believe you are competitively advantaged. But the Permian has clearly been an active shale basin here with a bunch of work. Now I believe that's been largely a nonunion basin, but I was just wondering about your degree of confidence in participating in some of that work with your largely union precedent?
Duke Austin: Yes. Last year, we added some nonunion capabilities in addition to what we've had. All those projects were around the edges on all of them. And so we see them depending on where we're at from capacity and what they're trying to accomplish. We're in there. We're in all the basins for the most part. There's also some EPC opportunities with both pipe and stations in that arena that will be around. So we like it. We like it. It gets capacity out of the market as well. So again, as you start to see that takeaway come in, you'll start to see midstream business come back and all those markets are good markets for us.
Operator: The next question is from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions, one, Derrick, I don't think, in the prepared remarks, I heard you comment on the margin targets by segment for the year. So I just want to make sure that hasn't changed. And then I also want to understand sort of your revenue guidance at the low to the midrange. I think you said revenues will be comparable or down a little in - or comparable in Q2 and Q3 versus before, you were saying revenues should improve sequentially, just generally. So what changed that? And at the mid- to low end of the range, how do you hit your margin targets for the year if revenues aren't up? Because I always thought you said utilization in revenue ramp were one of the bigger drivers behind hitting your margin targets.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, our margin targets for the year still remain unchanged. You're looking at electric power probably in the low 9% to mid-9% and for oil and gas to be somewhere between the 5% and 6% range, which is comparable to what we said at year-end. Relative to revenues, before, we thought we would have a lower revenue number for the first quarter. Revenues for the first quarter came in pretty strong. So to that end, that's what's giving us the commentary around the potential for flat to lower at kind of the midpoint range or to low end of the range as it relates to the second and third quarter. There's still the ability to have the sequential increase in the second and third at the high end of the range. And so I think that commentary is consistent. But we're trying to be prudent about the way the timing of work can go, whether it be between delays or cancellations. So that's why you're seeing our commentary at the midpoint to low end of the revenue saying that it could be flattish. And then overall, as far as whether that puts pressure on it, that's what we've tried to consider in the margin ranges, that the low end to the high end of revenue is driving kind of the low end to the high end of the overall margin ranges. So I think that's fairly consistent as far as what we think about absorption of costs. That's what we said at year-end.
Jamie Cook: Okay. And then just, I guess, two other follow-up questions. You said the cancellation in oil and gas, that was $100 million, right? But how big was the termination fee that hit the oil and gas segment? And then when I look at your electric power margins, while they improved on a GAAP basis, if you adjust the Alaska problem project in '17, your margins are actually down from 9.2% last year to 8.2% this year. So I'm just trying to understand that. Is that all just Canada? And then I'll get back in queue.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, Duke did comment that the cancellation for the project was around $100 million. As far as the fee, we're not in position to really quantify. We try not talk about the individual profitability of any individual contract. As it relates to the down margins, yes, you're correct, adding back the power plant last year would get you to something over 9% to something closer into the 8% range this quarter. But that was what was expected. We had commented about the seasonal effects that we could see and a lot of that coming out of Canada. Canada had a - has normal kind of a volatile - it froze and it warmed up and all that stuff hasn't impacted the margins. We had incremental adverse weather across both Canada, U.S. and Latin America this quarter, so - but all of that was effectively baked into our previous expectations. Lastly, I mean, it's the ramp-up as we look at the later part. We've mobilized a lot of crews in order to set up for how we're going to be executing on some of the MSA work here in the second and third quarter. So a combination of factors but the margins overall this year were still coming into around our expectations.
Duke Austin: Yes. Jamie, I'd like to add a little bit of commentary on that. We got $6 billion or so to execute through the next three quarters, and obviously, the first quarter has got the most seasonality in it. We're through it, so we can see the visibility in the next three. As we execute through, we will update. Also, as Derrick said, we added roughly around 1,000 employees in the quarter. And as you do that it in your baseload business for the future, it's difficult to put the thing into three month windows. So as we have to talk about today, that's a good thing going forward. We're, by our highest headcount, 29,400. So we're optimistic about what's going on with the base business and also where we're going in the future. So it did put a little pressure on this three months here.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Duncan of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Matt Duncan: Hey, good morning guys. So in oil and gas, you talked about some of the things that impacted margins and I'm curious if you can maybe quantify how much the impact was in those items underutilization of some of your people that would be doing MSA work, the weather impact. What was sort of the total impact on margin? What could it have been without those problems?
Duke Austin: Yes, I don't - I'll let Derrick give you a quantification. I just - it's a general quantification to us. It's just we know it's pressure when we see 1,000 employees get at it. We know the Northeast. But we contemplate a lot of that in our guidance and so for us to say we didn't contemplate any of that would be a fallacy because we knew seasonality was there. We've stated it when we talked in our Investor Day that we thought that there would be some seasonality, we contemplated it. Yes, there were some impacts, both sides of this. But again, we contemplate the seasonality in the first quarter. But adding 1,000 employees and the seasonality is kind of what we're talking about.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, I don't know that I'm in a spot to specifically quantify the ups and downs. I would agree with Duke's commentary that, effectively, the margins came in very near what our original expectations were and so any of the ins and outs were effectively offsetting during the quarter.
Matt Duncan: Okay and then a couple of others. So on the revenue guide, Derrick, did I hear you correctly that there's the potential for both businesses to have 10% growth? I guess, is that kind of the high end of the guidance range if they could both be over 10%-plus? And along that vein, what level of second half revenue does the guidance contemplated in oil and gas? And how conservative are you still being with that outlook? I know you said you feel a little bit better about the prospects for the back half, so curious on that. And then last thing on the number side, just can you give us some thoughts around what the U.S. telecom reentry could add to revenue this year.
Duke Austin: Yes. From a revenue perspective, yes, at the high end, I would tell you at this stage, I mean, it's possible that - for both segments to slightly exceed 10% to get to the high end of the range. And then from a timing perspective and how that plays out, I think that we've still yet to see the risk profile as the back half of the year may still yet not materialize for oil and gas, which is what's giving the variability in the overall revenue profile with the back half still having the risk of having declines. Although we feel incrementally confident in the nature of the rewards, as it stands here, I mean, until we actually receive and place them in backlog. We're not in position to guide to anything stronger and to continue to caution that the back half of the year could have weakness such as the fourth quarter. Much like we said at year-end, it could be down. And then the last part of your question, telecom, yes, as it stands here right now, we've not baked in any incremental aspects of telecom. We're still looking at something in the $150 million to $200 million range from both Canada, the U.S. and Latin America contributions. We have not increased anything relative to telecom.
Derrick Jensen: I think just as a general statement, to caution a bit, you still have a new administration. We needed FERC to get in place. We do think that that's going to happen but it does put pressure in some of the near-term things. So we need to be cautious of that in the back half of the year and how we look at it. And so that's - we're waiting on some of that to come through. You also still have some state permitting issues, especially the water permits in the Northeast. You see issues there at times. So we'll be cautious about how we look at that and when we give guidance. And so we think about that when we're putting the midpoint of the range here.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fisher of UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. Since you put out there the thought about the opportunity to hit record backlog in the coming quarters, just, I don't know, timing is just still uncertain. But just trying to gauge your sense of what the chances of getting to that as soon as Q2, or is that sort of not even a possibility or it's more like a Q3, Q4, Q1 kind of thing for next year?
Duke Austin: No, I mean, I don't want to put a time frame on it. We're going to collaborate with our customers to get the right contracts in place for both risks and M&As. It takes time. They're big projects, obviously. So as you walk through those, it just takes time. So I don't want to put a time frame on it but I would say the next few quarters here.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then in terms of the execution on some of the bigger projects, and I couldn't tell before is if when you're talking about 1,000 people added, if that was in - if that was the integrity work or if that was in the electric side but trying to get at the margins in the oil and gas side of the business. Is the execution on your larger projects, are they at a minimum hitting the as-bid margins? Because I know you had - you mentioned some weather-related delays. So just kind of curious, as we do expect to continue booking more of a larger project, how was the execution going on those projects?
Duke Austin: We're not complete with all of them. Many of them are in the late stages and we're happy with what we've done as far as executing on the broad spectrum of all of our pipe and our spreads. We're extremely satisfied with where we're at. We can always do better but we're happy. I think what puts pressure on our segment is that you have a lot of ancillary businesses with your MSA work, your integrity work, which is good and its good long-term work, but you do get seasonality. And when you are ramping for these long-term integrity programs, along with that seasonality puts pressure in any given quarter when you add those folks. So lots of your adds are developed in this quarter or to support that piece of business and those guys once you get them trained. And also, we had some customers that delayed or were working through some state regulatory issues that cause some delays in MSAs that were anticipated to go in the first quarter. So that also caused a little pressure in the segment. We'll work through that as we go and start executing on their budgets for the year. Again, it's the right answer for the long term of the business, it just puts a little pressure here in the quarter. But we're happy with the way we executed on our mainline work.
Steven Fisher: And are they hitting the as-bid margins? Or was that the weather delay kind of keeping you below those or the weather issues?
Duke Austin: Well, we're not done with them yet, but we're happy with where we're at.
Operator: The next question is from Chad Dillard of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning. Just a question on the FERC commission vacancies, this is probably more an industry question. So how are the approval delays for 2017 affecting the competitive dynamics on the pipeline contractor side? Is there a sense that 2017 work is getting pushed out to 2018? And if 2018 was already going to be a tight year, how - like would that suggest better pricing or terms for the contractors? How are you seeing this dynamic at play?
Duke Austin: From our standpoint, the way we looked at 2017 is playing out largely like we thought it would. As far as the way our customers look at it, they may look at it a little bit different than we did. But from our standpoint, the way that we see things happening is basically like we thought it would. What's going in '17 is going and with a few exceptions. Some of them did push a bit, but for the most part, it's playing out like we thought it would. We do need to get some commissioners in place. I don't think it's an issue. The administration has committed to putting people to work. I think you'll see that. The biggest issue that we see is probably in the Northeast with some of the water permits and some of the things that are going on there that you've seen make the press. All in all, it's lining up like we thought it would.
Chad Dillard: And can you speak to what you're seeing on the pipeline base business side? I mean, specifically, I mean, how much do you see this market growing in '17? And how should we think about the mix if we're looking at first half of this year versus second half?
Duke Austin: I mean, I'll make a general comment on it. We've talked about the integrity business in our LDC, our local distribution markets, and the sustainability of that over the - there's 20 to 30 year bills as you get low natural gas prices, low interest and they're able to lock in long-term bills. I think it's good for the ratepayer. It's good for our customers. So as you see that, you'll start to see them announce it in their capital budgets and we're executing on those CapEx projects across multi-years, 20 or so years. We like the market. We think we can grow it double digits. And then that piece of business, it's a long-term stable type work. It does have lower margins than your larger diameter pipeline work. And it does have more cyclicality as you go into the winter months, just the way it is. So it's just, in general, lower margins, more seasonality, but its good business and a good long-term business and we understand the risk on it.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Rygiel of FBR. Please go ahead.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you and thank you for taking my questions. First question, you increased your revenue guidance a little bit despite the loss of the pipeline project. So did you raise because of upside in electrical awards or did you raise because of upside in pipeline awards or did you raise because of increased confidence in kind of the core business?
Derrick Jensen: Yes. It's a little bit of all. I mean, we have since the cancellation actually already been awarded a few, subsequent with the quarter, additional contracts, smaller contracts that offset that individual cancellation, but then also, the strength of the first quarter. And then, lastly, as you said, I mean, it's a little bit more visibility in both the electric power MSA work that's coming forward as well as Duke talked about the potential for some of these additional oil and gas awards. So it's a little bit of a combination of all.
Alex Rygiel: And then you added 1,000 employees in the quarter, but revenue guidance is sort of flat going into the second quarter. So what am I missing?
Derrick Jensen: Well, I mean, what we're saying is that it's possible for it to be flat. At the high end, it talks about that there's a sequential growth coming into the second quarter and in the third quarter. But a lot of those employees also have to do with electric power.
Duke Austin: Yes, Alex, some your spreads will come down as well in the quarter. So the net effect of that, as the spreads start to come off a bit in the quarter, it's just a dynamic.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson Davis. Please go ahead.
Adam Thalhimer: Hey, good morning guys. The oil and gas projects that you talked about you're in late-stage negotiations on, how many of those have you been selected versus if there's still a competitive process going on?
Duke Austin: Yes. I just - I really don't want to get into it. I just - from my standpoint, we're in late stages negotiations on multiple large projects and I think it's - we'll talk about it more as we get them signed up. We talked about ACP so others have announced that, announced what's in their backlog, so you can see the type of contracts we're talking about with Atlantic Coast there.
Adam Thalhimer: Okay. That's helpful, Duke. And then the follow-up I just wanted to ask you. In terms of this positive multiyear outlook for oil and gas, is the - was oil price volatility kind of returning over the past couple of months? Does that concern you as it relates to the multiyear term outlook?
Duke Austin: Again, we watch that. Everything concerns me and so we stay on it, we stay and watch it and think about it and think about how it impacts our business and our customers. And so yes, we're watching it closely. Most of our projects are natural gas based at this point. And we're moving gas and that's baseload fuel at this - what we see going forward, it will continue to be baseload. If you look at it, it surpassed coal and your electric grid. You need redundancy. We like that business, LNG export. I think that piece of business is really good. Oil, we're watching it closely. It affects Canada more so than the Lower 48 as far as what we're doing on a daily basis. And it also affects the overall economy in certain areas. So we keep our eye on it. So far, we've kind of weathered through some of the lower pricing and the volatility in it. Our customers continue to spend CapEx on different things and with the low interest environment and low natural gas, so it allows us to get a multiyear view on many things in our business.
Operator: The next question is from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Brent Thielman: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Duke, your comments on - I was interested in your comments on some of these customers in the power area close to deployment as new kind of multiyear capital program. Just, one, I want to confirm that incremental spend to the big opportunities you already see out there. And then, two, what sort of opportunities do you see from these? Are they small, large transmission projects? Are the programs as big as what you're seeing out there today? I guess, any color behind the scenes there would be interesting.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think it's just - if you go to the major IOUs and specialty or integrated IOUs, nat gas and electric, if you just look at their CapEx and their OpEx budgets, they're giving five year guidance for the most part. As you look at that and you look at the incremental impact and how much more that is due to all the things that we talked about with grid modernization, it allows us to get more visible and work with them on multiyear builds as they get regulatory - they're getting their regulatory relief there and I'm able to talk to them about a long-term agreement in the rate base. So I think it's good for the customer. Fuel's going down. They can invest in infrastructure and talk about a multiyear view. And this is unique over the last year, so you're starting to see this. And it's additive to what was already going on in the industry. So we like what we'd see. It gives us an ability to provide the solution that we think we're unique on and talk about multiyear programs and how we help with those. So we like that piece of business and think it's something that's additive to what's been going on in the past.
Brent Thielman: Okay. And then just one more on the communications business and maybe I'll ask a different way. The agreements you talked about potentially being close to executing with the big service providers, any flavor whether that's coming in the next quarter or are we still a few quarters out on that?
Duke Austin: The overall environment in the communications business is robust. They need people to build infrastructure. So as you see that, you can see I'm talking about it as well in our CapEx. You can see others talking about how they're putting on people. It's a big market. I'm optimistic we'll be able to sign stuff fairly quickly here.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Duke Austin: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our first quarter 2017 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest on Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc. Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc. Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co. Stefan Neely - Avondale Partners LLC Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services Conference Call to Review Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kip A. Rupp - Quanta Services, Inc.: Great. Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to the Quanta Services conference call to review fourth quarter and full year 2016 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to be notified when Quanta publishes news releases and other information, please sign up for e-mail alerts by going to the Investors and Media section of quantaservices.com, or download the Quanta Services Investor Relations app. We encourage investors and others interested in our company to also follow Quanta on the social media channels listed on our website. Please note that in today's call, we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the Investors and Media section of our website, we have posted reconciliation of the differences between these measures and their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 21, 2017. And therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of any replay of this call. This call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or that are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to the company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on Quanta's or the SEC's website. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. Finally, Quanta Services is hosting an Investor Day on April 4 at our training facility in LaGrange, Texas with other activities taking place in Austin, Texas. This event is for institutional investors and sell-side analysts only. If you would like to attend the event, please contact me for additional information. We'll webcast the event live and we'll have an audio replay available both from the Investors and Media section of our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and yearend 2016 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide operational and strategic commentary before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. We finished 2016 on solid footing, with significant revenue and profitability momentum in the second half of the year. While I'm pleased with this substantial improvement, we're not satisfied and remain committed to returning our operating margins to historical levels. Our third and fourth quarter results demonstrate progress towards that goal and our commitment to realizing the long-term earnings potential of the company. We ended the quarter with record 12-month backlog. I would note that our backlog does not yet include various projects we have been awarded that have ongoing permitting requirements, and which have an aggregate contract value well in excess of $1 billion. We are confident that these projects will move forward and expect to include them in backlog when we have better visibility into final contract terms and probable construction starts. The American election and the potential positive impact the new administration's policies could have on our business has created a lot of press and speculation. We are hopeful that the regulatory reform will progress and owners permitting and approval processes will ease. It is important to note however, that our end markets and related project opportunities do not rely on government funding to move forward and any additional government infrastructure support is incremental to our positive multi-year outlook. We remain committed to providing dynamic and self-performed infrastructure solutions to improve America's infrastructure. Electric Power segment revenues for the quarter were comparable to the fourth quarter of 2015, however, operating income and margins for the segment showed solid improvement. We continue to have a positive long-term outlook for our Electric Power segment, and believe we are entering an upward multiyear cycle. The end market drivers we have spoken about for some time continue to spur demand for our Electric Power Infrastructure Services. These drivers, including the need to maintain and replace aging infrastructure, generation mix shifting to more renewables and natural gas and regulation aimed at improving the reliability of the grid, are what we believe will continue to provide opportunities to grow our base business. Based exclusively on these projects, we are working on and have in backlog, our larger transmission project revenues should increase in 2017 as compared to 2016. Additionally, we believe larger transmission project awards will likely increase over the next 18 months, and should this occur, could provide improved visibility for the next several years. I believe we are uniquely well-positioned to provide solutions for these potential projects, some of which are the size and scope the industry has rarely experienced. The macro environment in Canada has been challenging for the past couple of years for both our Electric Power and Oil and Gas operations. However, we are seeing signs of recovery that could have a positive effect going forward, such as the Alberta Utilities Commission approval of the Fort McMurray West 500 kV Transmission Project in Canada, which we expect to start full-scale construction in the second half of this year. We have adjusted the cost structure of our Canadian operations as we move through these challenges, and we'll continue to do so as necessary. We are positioned to increase profitability, compete on our track record for safely executing projects on time and on budget, and we remain disciplined on pricing and project risk. It is important to note that we do not operate our business to just accept only what the market brings us. We continually strive to innovate our solution offering and remain well ahead of industry trends. Our success in doing so over the years has played a critical role in establishing the leadership position we have today. I believe our scope and scale and competitive distinction in the markets puts us in a position to provide solutions that our end markets did not have in the past. We've valued the collaborative relationships we have with our customers, and we'll continue to partner with them as they execute their capital deployment plans. Turning to our Oil and Gas segment. Revenues were strong, and operating income and margins increased substantially in the fourth quarter versus the same quarter as last year. Though we experienced some project timing issues on larger pipe projects during 2016, the year largely played out as we anticipated with the second half of the year being meaningfully stronger than the first, driven by a significant increase in larger pipeline project activity. We have been in active discussions and negotiations on a number of large pipeline projects that depending on construction start timing could give us incremental growth for the second half of 2017. While we expect to generate more larger pipeline project revenue in 2017 than in 2016, we believe 2018 could be even better and that the next several years could be a very good larger pipeline markets. The vast majority of pipeline opportunities we see are driven by the need to move natural gas from the Marcellus and Utica shale regions to various demand centers. However, we believe out-year larger pipeline projects opportunities could include larger oil and natural gas pipeline projects in Canada. These projects will provide desperately needed takeaway capacity for resources to access various markets in North America and meet the need for natural gas to fuel LNG export projects on the West Coast of Canada. Additionally, development of liquid-rich natural gas formations in the Montney and Duvernay shales is beginning to increase demand for midstream infrastructure that could provide opportunity for us later this year. If production volumes increase over time, larger pipelines would also be needed to reach various end markets. Quanta's pipeline operating units are some of the most established and respected companies in the industry and are well-positioned to capitalize on these opportunities as market activities increase. In addition to larger pipe projects, we see opportunity for our base business to continue to grow over the coming years. Our base business includes supporting midstream infrastructure, downstream support services, natural gas distribution, pipeline integrity, pipeline logistics management, horizontal directional drilling and engineering. Like our electric operations, larger projects complement our base business in this segment and we continue to develop unique infrastructure solutions for our customers. For example, we recently completed the REX Zone Three Capacity Enhancement project for the Rockies Express Pipeline LLC, where we provided turnkey engineering, procurement and construction services for the installation of three new compressor stations and the upgrade of two existing compressor stations. This project is an example of our base business services providing a solution that led to a larger project. And finally, on our first quarter earnings call last year, we announced that following the expiration of our telecom non-compete arrangement in December 2016, we intended to resume broad activity in the U.S. telecom infrastructure services market. We have done that. A strength of Quanta is our ability to be opportunistic and one of our strategic initiatives for the long-term growth is to find adjacent markets and new market opportunities. Over the past several years, we have performing limited telecom and telecom-related infrastructure services in the U.S., consistent with the terms of our non-compete arrangement. At the same time, we have been growing our telecom infrastructure service operations in Canada by leveraging our electric power resources, reputation and relationships. We have also successfully greenfielded and grown our telecom infrastructure services operations in various Latin American markets. There's a natural progression of these efforts in our success to expand our telecom infrastructure services operations in the U.S. market, which we believe offers significant long-term growth opportunities. In light of a trial scheduled this week in the litigation around our non-compete, we will not be, as we had previously expected, in a position to talk more fully about our U.S. telecom expansion strategy on this call. Once the litigation has concluded, I will comment further about our U.S. telecom expansion strategy. That said, I would note that we do not believe there is any merit to the plaintiff's claims. In the pending litigation regarding the non-compete, the plaintiff has informed the court that it does not intend to seek any lost profit damages as a result of Quanta's activities. On December 3, 2016, the non-compete expired and Quanta is currently not subject to any restrictions on providing telecom infrastructure services in the U.S. In summary, overall, we had solid operating performance in the fourth quarter and believe the momentum we experienced in the second half of 2016 should continue into 2017. Our guidance announced this morning reflects growth expectations for both the Electric Power and Oil and Gas segments over the next 12 months. As we typically do at the beginning of the year, we have taken a prudent approach to the revenue and margin range expectations in our guidance to reflect what we believe are possible outcomes based on the risk inherent in our business. As the year progresses and we gain better visibility in our performance, project timing and industry dynamics, we will adjust our guidance in commentary if needed. That said, we remain committed to and are strategically positioning Quanta to profitably grow over the longer term. I hope my comments this morning have confirmed that we continue to have a positive multiyear view of end markets we serve. We believe we are entering a renewed multiyear up cycle for our Electric Power and Oil and Gas operations and are confident that we are well positioned to provide unique solutions to our customers. Our qualitative outlook for our business is largely shaped by our collaborative relationships with our customers, which give us valuable insight into their multiyear infrastructure capital programs. We are focused on operating the business for the longer term and continuing to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset will continue to provide us the foundation to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. We faced some challenges this year, and our employees performed well in a tough environment. As we close out 2016 with this call, I want to recognize their efforts and thank them for their commitment to supporting Quanta's unwavering dedication to health, safety, the environment and quality. We ended the year with more than 28,000 employees who I believe are the very best in the industry. They are the key to our past and future success. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our fourth quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $2.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2016, reflecting a 10.7% increase from the fourth quarter of 2015. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock was $88.5 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, compared to a net loss from continuing operations attributable to common stock of $2.6 million or a loss of $0.02 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2015. Impacting the quarter and reflected as adjustments in Quanta's adjusted diluted earnings per share calculation were tax benefits of $20.5 million or $0.13 per diluted share, associated with the release of tax contingencies as a result of the expiration of various federal and state tax statute of limitations periods. These benefits were partially offset by approximately $8 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, of asset impairment charges primarily due to a pending disposition of certain international renewable energy services operations in our Electric Power segment. This compares to a $6.6 million property and equipment impairment charge reflecting the last year's fourth quarter results. After last year's charge and through 2016, we evaluated various avenues for profitability improvement, but determined near the end of 2016 that the disposal of these operations best fit our ongoing strategy. We would expect no further losses associated with these assets. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to common stock, a non-GAAP measure, was $0.56 for the fourth quarter of 2016, compared to $0.30 for the fourth quarter of 2015. Also negatively affecting the fourth quarter of 2016 were litigation costs incurred of approximately $6 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, resulting from Quanta's defense of allegations that it violated the non-compete agreement entered into in connection with the disposition of certain telecommunication construction operations in December of 2012. The trial scheduled for this matter was aggressive, and a significant amount of discovery was compressed into the latter half of the fourth quarter. The increase in consolidated revenues for the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 was primarily associated with an increase in the size and number of larger oil and gas pipeline projects that moved into full construction in the latter half of 2016. Also contributing to these increases was a favorable impact of approximately $25 million in revenues generated by acquired companies, primarily in our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. Our consolidated gross margin was 14.6% in the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to 11.7% in the fourth quarter of 2015. This increase was driven by substantially improved margins in both segments, which I'll discuss later in my prepared remarks. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $173.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, or 8.3% of revenues, reflecting an increase of $22.1 million as compared to the fourth quarter of 2015. This increase was primarily due to $8.3 million in higher incentive compensation costs associated with levels of profitability. We accrue incentive compensation proportionate to the levels of income for the year. Therefore, the accrual in the fourth quarter of 2016 was much higher based on the higher operating income and the proportion of 2016 operating income represented by the quarter. Other increases include the previously mentioned higher legal costs, higher salaries and benefits from increased personnel and annual compensation increases, as well as incremental general and administrative costs associated with the acquired companies. To further discuss our segment results, Electric Power revenues were comparable quarter-over-quarter with approximately $15 million in incremental revenues from acquired companies and slight increases in emergency restoration service revenues, offset by less power plant revenues due to the completion of the Alaskan power plant earlier this year as well as the timing of electric transmission projects. Operating margins in the Electric Power segment increased to 8.9% in the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to 6.8% in the fourth quarter of 2015. Operating margins were impacted by 45 basis points in 4Q 2016 and 201 basis points in 4Q 2015 by items described in the notes to our segment results as presented in today's earnings release. Aside from these items, operating margin improvement reflects better utilization of certain large transmission resources and improved performance on ongoing projects. As of December 31, 2016, 12-month backlog for the Electric Power segment was comparable, while total backlog for the segment increased 2.1%, both as compared to September 30, 2016. As compared to the fourth quarter of last year, total backlog for this segment increased to 5.5%. Oil and Gas segment revenues increased 35.1% quarter-over-quarter to $821 million in 4Q 2016. This increase was primarily due to the number and size of projects that moved into full construction in the latter half of 2016, and approximately $10 million in incremental revenues from acquired companies. The increase in revenues from larger projects also drove the substantial operating margin increase to 8.1% in 4Q 2016 from 3.9% in 4Q 2015. 12-month backlog for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment increased by 3.4% when compared to September 30, 2016, and by 30.7% compared to December 31, 2015. Total backlog for this segment as of year-end is $3.1 billion. As Duke commented in his prepared remarks, we had been in active discussions on a number of pipeline projects, which gives us confidence that backlog in this segment will remain strong. Corporate and non-allocated costs decreased $47 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to last year, primarily as a result of a $51.9 million charge recorded in 4Q 2015 associated with the goodwill and intangible asset impairments discussed in today's release. We closed the year with significant cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2016 of approximately $184.2 million, leading to net repayments of $124.6 million under our credit facility. The fourth quarter operating cash flow contributed to $381.2 million in total cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations for the year. Net capital expenditures of approximately $190.6 million for the year resulted in approximately $191 million of year-to-date free cash flow. This compares to free cash flow of approximately $434.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations in 2016 was primarily due to additional working capital requirements associated with the increase in the size of oil and gas infrastructure projects that move into full construction in the latter part of 2016 and the impact of the invoicing challenges and billing delays on an electric transmission project in remote regions of northeastern Canada, which we have discussed in previous calls. The overall AR and unbilled position for this project remains at levels comparable to the third quarter of 2016 in part due to the recognition of some changed orders and, to a lesser extent, claims associated with customer scope changes and access and delay item. However, we are working very collaboratively with the customer, which has led to significant improvement in invoice processing. In addition, the stronger fourth quarter 2016 cash flows benefited from improved cash collections on this project, with continued favorable progress thus far post year-end. Despite the larger balances here, DSOs were 74 days at December 31, 2016, compared to 79 days at September 30, 2016, and 75 days at December 31, 2015. At December 31, 2016, we had approximately $112.2 million in cash. Also, we had about $305.6 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding to secure our casualty insurance program and other contractual commitments. And we had $351.3 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with approximately $1.27 billion of liquidity as of December 31, 2016. Turning to our guidance for 2017. For the full-year 2017, we expect consolidated revenues to range between $7.9 billion and $8.5 billion. This range contemplates Electric Power segment revenues increasing between 5% and 10% from 2016 levels, driven in part by the recent approval of the Fort McMurray West Transmission Project. Oil and Gas segment revenues are expected to range from revenues remaining comparable to 2016 to growth of around 10%. As discussed in last quarter's earnings call, current 12-month backlog for the segment has 2017 construction activity weighted towards the first half of the year. The low end of revenue guidance for the segment therefore requires no additional larger pipeline awards. However, active discussions with customers lead us to believe that additional awards are available which could provide second-half construction opportunity. As it relates to seasonality, for consolidated revenues, due to the timing of larger pipeline projects, we could see substantial quarter-over-quarter variances in 2017. We believe there will be quarter-over-quarter consolidated revenue growth through the third quarter of 2017 with revenue growth in the first quarter likely exceeding 20%. I would generally assume revenues will increase through the year from the first quarter into the second and into the third, although we anticipate less of a seasonal effect. As we forecast today, we would say that even at the high end of our forecasted revenue guidance, we believe there is likely a meaningful decline in consolidated revenues for the fourth quarter of 2017 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. We currently estimate operating margins for the Electric Power segment will be in the low to mid-9% range, and Oil and Gas segment operating margins are forecasted to be between 5% and 6%. We anticipate seasonal effects will continue to impact our margins, with the first quarter operating margins for both segments expected to be lower and margins rising through the third quarter. Both segments will likely see operating margin compression in the fourth quarter, or perhaps more so in the Oil and Gas segment, due to the potential meaningful revenue decline. We estimate interest expense will be approximately $10 million for 2017 and are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate for 2017 to be between 35% and 36.5%. Contributing to the lower projected tax rate for 2017 is a higher mix of international earnings, which are generally taxed at lower tax rates. In addition, a change in GAAP accounting will now require companies to record all tax effects related to stock-based compensation at settlement through income tax expense rather than through equity. It is anticipated that we will experience increased period-to-period volatility of income tax expense as the calculation is based on the stock price as of the date of vesting, which is difficult to estimate. We expect this GAAP accounting change will impact Quanta's first quarter results more significantly than subsequent quarters, and could reduce the first quarter tax rate to as low as 32.5% to 33%. We are forecasting minority interest for the year to be between $1.5 million and $2 million. Our annual 2017 guidance also reflects the current foreign exchange rate environment. Fluctuations of foreign exchange rates could make comparisons to prior periods difficult and could cause actual financial results to differ from guidance. For purposes of calculated diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2017, we are assuming around 156 million weighted average shares outstanding. We currently anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year to be between $1.52 and $1.77 and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.80 and $2.05. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in our release. CapEx for all of 2017 should be approximately $210 million to $225 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2016 of $212.6 million. Reflecting on 2016, we ended the year with record fourth quarter revenues, record annual Oil and Gas segment revenues and record 12-month backlog. We experienced solid improvement in our Electric Power segment operating margins, and as expected, realized significant second half improvement in our Oil and Gas segment operating margins. We finalized repurchases of stock under our accelerated stock repurchase program in April of 2016, successfully acquiring 35.1 million shares for $750 million at an average price of $21.36. This concluded our two-year buyback effort totaling 71.7 million shares for $1.7 billion at an average price of $23.72. Despite this significant deployment of capital, we ended the year with a conservative leverage profile, and we believe that we are operationally and financially well positioned for continued profitable growth in 2017 and beyond. We are committed to our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility which positions the company for continued internal growth and the ability to execute on strategic initiatives. We will continue to focus on the strong cash flow of our base business and on mitigating the more pronounced fluctuations in cash flow associated with the working capital requirements of larger projects. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same, with the focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital, capital expenditures and organic growth with an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions and other strategic investments. This concludes our formal presentation and we will now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, and congrats on a great quarter.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you, Tahira.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you, Tahira.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. So first question is, Duke, I mean these pipeline projects, expected backfill second half potentially. I guess they're pretty fast done, so as we look at the timeline by which it's too late for them to contribute, I assume we're kind of safe as long as you book them by maybe June, July.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Tahira. The market is robust right now with some of the other projects, larger projects going into construction. We're certainly optimistic that most of the projects on the back half will have the ability to fill it. We're a little bit worried with Canada, just the overall economy there. So, we'll be cautious on how we guided the back half with the Canadian market as it is. But we're optimistic that we can fill the back half here in with large pipe for the second half 2017.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay, Duke. And second question is in regards to the transmission side. You mentioned something pretty interesting which is, you're seeing projects that are of a size you haven't seen before in the U.S. Is it partly because they're now different in terms of how they're being structured, as in they're more merchant, or is there something more sizeable shaping up outside of that?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Really, Tahira, I think the industry is trying to move renewables across multi states, multi jurisdictions so you're seeing a lot of larger longer projects from a DC voltage even, AC voltage. So, you're starting to see us move across state lines, ISOs, independent operators. So as you start to see that, the projects get bigger, larger. Some of them are long in nature from a standpoint of the beginning to the end. So you hear a lot about them and nothing happens for a long time. So permitting, siting, all those things take a very – that's a long cycle on those larger projects. So, you hear a lot. We see a lot of them out there. We're around the edges. We're optimistic that a few of them will go over the next three to five years here.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thanks very much. And I'll hop back in the queue.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey. Great. Guys on the $1 billion of awards that you mentioned in the prepared remarks that were won in the quarter, I was hoping you could give a little bit of context. It sounds like those are pipeline driven, but could you talk about the split between electric and pipeline and the visibility at which, or the steps that need to happen for those to actually get permitted and therefore wind up in your backlog?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I think the projects that on the $1 billion or $1 billion plus is primarily pipeline. We'll talk about them as we get a firm contract to start date to get the ability for us to understand the scope and the commitments that we have with our customers and be able to explain that in a firm nature, in a firm contract we'll, as they go into backlog, we'll make sure we communicate to the Street. But we're confident, these will go into construction.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Maybe just as a follow-up on the pipeline side. I guess you mentioned the kind of the out-year opportunity for Canadian-driven pipelines and clearly there's been the Trans Mountain, Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain pipe is getting some traction. Keystone is potentially back on the table. Enbridge is thinking about upgrading their Alberta Clipper lines into the U.S. I guess, Duke, from talking to the customers that you can talk to and looking at the market out there, how many or all of these do you believe can go? Or is that too much maybe offtake from Western Canada? I'd love to get your thoughts on the economics of those as well as the timing at which you might see some of those first ones start moving into backlog and then maybe into construction.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I'm not privy to obviously what the shippers are saying. But, I would say that in general, if you're moving heavy oil out of Canada, you want optionality. And I think as long as they are able to move to different geographic areas, you'll start to see pipe move. You're railing most of it now. So anywhere you have a rail line, it makes a lot of sense to have a piece of pipe. So that alone will create markets on both coast lines there in Canada. As we start to look to the lower 48 and some of the larger pipe here, same dynamics. Shippers want optionality and our clients are in a robust environment to build pipe and we see it in Canada and the lower 48. We're in great positions on both sides of the border there. We're optimistic. We like the markets in the next three to five years. It's robust in my mind from a bidding cycle, everything we can say about it. Basically, it's permitting delays and things of that nature that concern us.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. Nice quarter. I guess my first question relates – I guess just given the backlog that you have and your confidence that you can backfill the back half of the year within Oil and Gas, why are we still only sort of targeting a 5% to 6% operating margin for the year just given the visibility you have and the prospects that you have in place? And then my second question, just with regards to the Canadian outlook, obviously, Fort McMurray, that's a – the approval is a good sign. But can you just help us with what your sort of assumptions are for the Canadian market in 2017 and then how would you characterize the potential for upside if you could frame that for us? Thank you.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you, Jamie. From the standpoint of you filling the back side and our margin capability there, I think utilization is a big part of that. As we fill it, we're optimistic that our margins will improve. We need to fill the pipe. We need to see it. We need to see it go. We'll be conservative until we do big pipes fast, book and burns fast. So we'll be cautious on how we guide to that. And as we fill it, we'll talk to you about it in the next quarter or the next quarter, whenever we fill it, if we fill it. Again, we're optimistic. The end markets are there, and I think we – I think, from our standpoint, we'll improve. Our guidance will improve as we move forward through the year. On the Wolfmack (37:26) project in Canada, I think we would say, in general, that that does strengthen our guidance. And so, but from that standpoint, I'm worried about the overall economic position in Canada and just in general the pressing of the business as far as going down on our margins and what Canada can do to the overall business. So, we're cautious on the Canadian markets.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Jamie, I'll add one bit of color as well that it's a segment mix and seasonality. I mean, at this stage in the game, we have a fair amount of that pipeline work – majority of the pipeline work we have in backlog today loaded to the front half of the year. And to that end, the seasonality of the rest of the business has a tendency to put pressure on margins. As we get to the latter part of the year, to the extent we see those awards, that's where you probably see the ability to see some of that expansion. But right now, we think it's prudent to guide to the margin range of that 5% to 6% until we see how those other mainline-type opportunities are playing and offset the seasonality.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, everyone. Good morning. I wanted to expand on that margin expectation conversation. So looking at your margin targets for 2017, both ranges are below the 10% to 12% targeted range you've been talking about for Electric and well below the 9% to 12% range I think you've been looking at in Oil and Gas. So can you just give us some thoughts on, are those ranges still targets over the long term, or has something kind of fundamentally changed in both of those segments that's shifting your thinking? For example, in Electric, how is the shift toward EPC driving your thinking around margin? Thanks.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think what I would say is that our goals and targets for both segments are still to be at or near the double-digit range. The biggest thing driving Electric Power is the headwinds relative to the Canadian market. If you were to look at 2016 and remove the effects of the power plants, in Canada, the rest of the electric operations are operating solidly in the double-digit range. So, the headwinds right now are still the softness in the Canadian market. The larger transmission opportunities that we see here coming into 2017 in Canada obviously give us some potential for the upside. With the remaining portion of the business, you're still dealing with some degree of headwinds, and we try to factor that into the overall range – factor in the degree of prudency to the overall execution. But again, it's pretty important, I think, to recognize the rest of the business is operating strongly in the double-digit range. For the Oil and Gas segment, it's a complement in the mix of work. We've talked extensively over the last few years about how the degree of mainline opportunities and how they flow into the year will heavily influence our ability to be at the stronger margin profile. In our original commentary, over the years, has also – before we ran into some of the headwinds associated with the broader energy market, as oil prices might decline, the remaining portion of our business is still yet functioning in a depressed oil price environment to an extent, and that is putting pressure on some of the other areas of our business, working against some of the complements or upside potential we see on the mainline side. So, as the mainline gets a complement of work that happens to be more spread through the given year rather than just being front-end or back-end loaded, as well as the mix of work and energy dynamics changing, we still believe that we can see upward momentum for those margins in the long term.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then second question. Could you update us and give us some thoughts on what your equipment spread utilization was in Oil and Gas Infrastructure in the back – in the fourth quarter and then as we move into 2017? And then also how are you thinking about the legal expenses moving into next year as well? Thanks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. The spread capacity, Noelle, we're not at capacity in the either side. So, again, the way those spreads come on and off projects, it's very difficult to give you numbers. But in either case, we're not at capacity and certainly have room in the first quarter here and onward to book work. As far as...
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: The legal costs, as it relates to how it goes in 2017, I wouldn't anticipate right now anything truly abnormal. This was more from the fourth quarter accelerated timing. But as we go into 2017, we haven't factored into any substantial uptick or downtick in that regard.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Duncan with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: I want to dig a little bit more on this Oil and Gas margin. I think we're all kind of struggling with the delta between first half and back half of the year. I mean, it sounds like if we're talking 5% to 6% for the year, the back half probably got to be kind of in the 3% to 4% range. Is that in the ballpark of what you guys are thinking, kind of 7%, 8% first half and maybe, I guess, maybe 3% to 5% back half? Is that the way you're assuming in the guide?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: I would say that as we stand here today with the potential for the fourth quarter to have a lack of an uncommitted filling, as an example, then the fourth quarter is probably where you'd see the biggest portion of the pressure for the margins. So, I don't know if I necessarily say it relative to the entire back half of the year, but the third quarter has a tendency for us to have the highest overall margin profile because of the good seasonality. But yes, there could be specific softness in the fourth quarter if we're not able to fill it with other larger diameter work.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: And then, Derrick, what are you assuming in terms of the rest of the Oil and Gas business outside a large pipe, because I would think that you would start to see that recovering as rig count has gone up here. And then last thing from me just on FERC with the lack of a quorum right now, is there anything in your backlog that needs a FERC order to move forward or how do you think that may impact you guys?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: On the first part, from the margins, the remaining portion of work, we haven't factored in any sizeable uptick in our margins there despite what we're seeing potential on a rig count type dynamic. I think it in our mind may be a bit too soon to have an expectations of 2017 immediate benefit, but we do look at that as a potential for the positive upside.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, Matt, and also just in general on the pipe margins and the seasonality, there's normal seasonality in the business. And so I think as you see us fill up work and execute, the margins have the potential to move upward and we'll be cautious about how we guide again. As far as FERC, our forecast, we don't need any large pipe to meet the midpoint of the range, so we're confident in our year-end guidance on the Gas side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alan Fleming with Citibank. Please go ahead with your question.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Derrick or Duke, can you guys talk about how much impact storm work or the storm that you talked about last quarter had on your 4Q results. I think the last quarter you said you expected storm work to be higher, but it might come at the expense of other electric transmission work. Maybe it seems like it was a little more modest than you had thought, but maybe can you comment on that and comment on if there were any delays that you saw in your Oil and Gas revenue this quarter because of that storm that had impacted, I think – that had been in 3Q?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yes. Storm came in at around $35 million for the quarter, maybe just slightly above what we had otherwise forecasted in our original thoughts for the year. But from a margin perspective, I mean, there wasn't any substantial difference realistically. If you recall, in our previous commentary, we had said that the number of customers that we were working for were customers that we've dealt with on a regular basis. And so from a strategic perspective, you don't see maybe quite as much upside from a margin perspective. So very much in line with our original expectations. And then overall for the quarter itself, I mean, just having some degree of seasonality which we had already factored in and expected to somewhat offset that margin expansion. And then the second part of your question was kind of the timing. We did come in at the lower end of our overall revenue guidance, and most of that came out of the Oil and Gas segment. There was a degree of some level of push of that revenue from 2016 into 2017 some of which would have been attributable to some of the heavier rainfall.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah, and on the Oil and Gas side, it did impact some of those spreads, and we were delayed some time there. So you had some revenue impact there. And then the Southeast where the storm hit, we have a large concentration of day-to-day MSA-type work, and that work was delayed along with it. So there's some offset in the storm.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful, guys. And then shifting to Electric Power, I mean, if I look at your Electric Power backlog, I think on a 12-month basis, it's been relatively flattish for the last year. And I think it seems like your base business there, the small to mid-sized work has been growing at a pretty healthy clip. So, maybe you can comment on kind of what you're expecting in that base business in 2017, and if you combine that with some of the growth that you're, or the visibility that you seem like you have on the larger project side, I mean, what's your confidence that 12-month backlog here in Electric Power can grow in 2017?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We see our customers expanding their capital budgets in multiyear fashion the next three to five years. You start to see visibility in those capital programs. So as that happens, we'll continue to grow that base business. The recurring revenue type MSA work will continue to grow with our customers' capital budgets. As far as the larger projects, as we see Canada, as you see Wolfmack (48:14) go in, some other larger projects that are out there, there's certainly the opportunity to win and execute on those. I do think the Electric segment is in a multiyear cycle, an upward cycle, and we're optimistic in the environment that we're in.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, just help me think through the moving pieces on the transmission margin guidance side. So, if I back out those one-time items you're talking about in 2016, I mean you're effectively guiding margins to be flat to down despite having more marginal transmission work. I know that you mentioned that there's some issues in Canada, but I'm just trying to understand, is Canada getting worse or is there issues with pricing, or is utilization coming down? Just trying to understand what the difference is between 2016 versus 2017 that's not leading to raise margins.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. No. There's nothing that's unique or specific. I think what we've just done is we've not factored in a market improvement in the Canadian environment. We know as we've talked through 2016, we saw a degree of stabilization. But I think it's too soon in the year to factor in some sort of distinctive improvement in the non kind of larger transmission side of the equation. We do have those larger projects that are coming in, specifically at Fort McMurray, but that's going to be kind of probably back-end loaded into the year. And so the first half of the year, I think you still see with seasonality the aspect of being able to have some degree of margin pressure in the broader Canadian side of the equation. But we think we've got the ability to go through and potentially see some degree of upside to the extent that you'll be looking at. But I think it's just too soon in the year to factor that in.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just secondly, over to the Oil and Gas side of the business, can you just speak a little bit more about what your expectations are for growth in the base business either gathering or your pipeline distribution work? And then also with your additional year earnings guidance, is that including contribution from telecom expansion in the U.S.? And if so, how much? If you can speak about that.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. The base business on the gas side continues to improve like the LDC market, local distribution market with the PHMSA rules that are in place to repair infrastructure, we're in a good environment to continue to see CapEx in those markets. I think we'll continue to expand albeit off a smaller base. But that will continue to grow. As far as telecom, we have our Latin American and Canadian construction going. They're good markets. We have about $150 million to $200 million in our forecast that with those along with the Lower 48 here getting started.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson Davis. Please go ahead with your questions.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co.: You talked about a little bit of a hole in Q4 2017 in terms of the large pipe projects. Does that situation get better as you move into 2018 and ACP gets started?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We'll be cautious about how we talk about large pipe. The book and burn and the amount of regulatory process that's involved in those projects, they're distinct, and we need to make sure that we have them, we're moving and we're mobilized before we communicate on them. I do like the end markets in 2018. It's a robust market. I do think we'll fill up early and be able to talk more about that. If we get some ease on regulation through the administration, we'll continue to talk to the Street about, as we get more positive and move into construction. Those things slip three months, it's a big impact to us, and we'll be cautious about how we talk to you.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - Thompson Davis & Co.: Okay. And then I think somebody else asked it, but just wanted to ask again on the impact of oil prices and the rig counts being up. In any of your businesses, are you seeing an impact from that?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: I think the midstream business is a good business. We need to take away that capacity to go to the end markets. As you start to see larger pipe get built, you'll see the midstream pick-up and the rig counts, obviously, there's takeaway and we're starting to see more rigs, so you'll start to see all those things happen and we're optimistic in that as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Stefan Neely with Avondale Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Stefan Neely - Avondale Partners LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Stefan Neely - Avondale Partners LLC: Real quick, I wanted to follow up again on the margins for Electric in the back half of the year. Can you help me a little bit think through the impact of the ramp up of the Fort Mc job, I mean does that impact sort of your outlook or are you mostly expecting any improvement in margins to be offset sort of by headwinds in the market in general?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think that as I've said in my prepared comments, that we could see the margins rising into the third quarter. Part of that will be a contribution of the work associated with Fort McMurray, but at the same time, I think it's just broader to the seasonality of our business. I think I'd still factor in a degree of decline potentially in the fourth quarter, again just driven largely by seasonality. One individual project is not going to offset the broader overall segment seasonality is what I'd expect at this stage.
Stefan Neely - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks. And for my follow-up, was curious if you guys have any update on any sort of cost recoveries from the Alaskan power plant job that you guys finished up last year?
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: We're continuing to work on those items. We had not anticipated those items to be solved in the latter part of 2016. We've not factored in any recovery of that into 2017. The work is ongoing. We're in the process of quantifying and having those discussions with the customer. But as of today, we're not in a position to quantify.
Stefan Neely - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks a lot, guys.
Derrick A. Jensen - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR. Please proceed with your questions.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Hey. Good morning.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Duke, you had mentioned that you have resumed operations in telecom. I understand you don't want to talk about strategy. But can you update us on what activities you've resumed?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. We never got out of the telecom business, to be clear. We were always in the telecom business. We had certain things under the non-compete we cannot do. And basically, the primary drivers were we were the telecom contractor or the contractor in the lower 48. We have the ability to do that today. So as we move forward, you'll see us in that market on the general side of this, and not just the Electric make-ready work. So we're optimistic. The market is good. It's a robust market. We built our Canadian operations and our Latin American operations. So we'll participate both in North America as well as Latin America. We like the markets we've stayed at all along. And I'll talk more about strategy as we move forward. I'll leave it at that.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And as it relates to the international, Latin America and Canada, can you just give us a little bit more color on kind of wireless versus wireline and how that business has been growing over the last two years?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. It's both. In Latin America, I'd say 70% wireline, 30% wireless. Canada is primarily wireline, and the business has been growing double digits plus year-over-year.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just to clarify, to what extent does fill in Q4 rely on Canadian project specifically in Oil and Gas? And sorry if I missed that earlier in the call.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think in general, it does rely on some Canadian work to fill the back half, but again, I think the markets are there, the lower 48 could fill as well and bring the back half up. So the opportunity on both sides of the border are there in the back half.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then can you just frame the potential Oil and Gas backlog or revenue opportunity if you were fully utilizing all your large diameter spreads and max that on your regional gathering business? I'm just trying to think about whether you could add a couple of billion dollars to this business and get it to be on par from a revenue basis with the Electric business or is there just capacity constraint to prevent that from reaching that kind of scale?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: We're building our base business nicely. The opportunities are there. It becomes – you're getting people constrained at some point and so you have to be careful about where you're at in the world geographically, mountainous terrain and the qualified personnel that we have in the field. And we'll be cautious about how we move forward in those markets due to the constraints on some of the people in the field. And we train people every day, we're hiring every day. So as we get people trained, we'll put them in the market and how fast we can do that will dictate how our revenues go in the future.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I'll turn the floor back to management at this time for closing remarks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - Quanta Services, Inc.: Yeah. I'd like to thank you for participating in the fourth quarter 2016 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip Rupp - IR Duke Austin - CEO Derrick Jensen - CFO
Analysts: Dan Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC Noelle Dilts - Stifel Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Alan Fleming - Citigroup Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Andy Wittmann - Robert W. Baird Matt Duncan - Stephens John Rogers - D.A. Davidson Alex Rygiel - FBR
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2016 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instruction] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your, Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations, thank you Rupp. You may begin.
Kip Rupp: Great. Thank you, and welcome to the Quanta Services conference call to review third quarter 2016 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors and Media section of the Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com. You can also access Quanta's latest earnings release and other investor materials such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audio cast conference calls and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations App, which is available for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. Additionally, investors and others should note that while we announce material financial information and make other public disclosures of information regarding Quanta through SEC filings, press releases and public conference calls, we may also utilize social media to communicate this information. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed material. Accordingly, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to follow Quanta and review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our Web site in the Investors and Media section. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's Web site at quantaservices.com. Please note that in today's call, we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the Investors and Media section of our Web site, we have posted the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the corresponding GAAP financial measures. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 3, 2016. And therefore, you are advised that any time sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's Web site or through the SEC's Web site at sec.gov. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise, and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Duke Austin: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide an operational and strategic overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our third quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. We are pleased with the solid third quarter results we reported this morning, compared to the third quarter of last year revenues increased approximately 5%, operating income in our end margins improved significantly and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations doubled. We are committed to returning our operating margins to historical levels and our third quarter results demonstrates progress towards that goal and earnings potential of the company. We ended the quarter with record 12 month backlog, I would note that our backlog does not yet include a couple of large projects we have announced, primarily due to their ongoing permitting process. We are confidence that these projects will move forward and will include in the backlog when we get better visibility into mobilization. Electric Power segment revenues grew approximately 3% during the quarter as compared to the same quarter last year. In addition excluding a relatively small loss recognized on the Alaska power plant project in the quarter, our Electric Power segment operating income margins raised 10%. These results were driven sound execution of our base Electric Power business. Of note, we had a nominal contribution from the startup of two larger electric transmission projects we discussed previously on our second quarter earnings call. Regarding the Alaska power plant project, in early October we met the contractual performance guaranties required under the contract and have moved in the final punch list completion phase which is on schedule with the previous expectations. We continue to build our base transmission and distribution business while actively pursuing large multiyear transmission project opportunities. Based on the projects we are executing on and have in backlog, we believe large transmission project revenues should increase in 2017, as compared to 2016. These projects complement our day today day base business operations. In addition, we are in various stages of discussion and negotiations with customers on other large transmission project that could be awarded over the coming quarters. But we remain cautious on the timing due to permitting uncertainty. The micro environment in Canada remains challenging for our Electric Power operations, but we are seeing signs of recovery that could have a positive effect going forward. We are taking steps over the past several quarters to adjust the cost structure of these operations. We are pleased with the progress and believe we are well positioned to increased profitability as the markets recover. We compete on a track record for safely executing projects on time and on budget and we will remain disciplined on pricing and project work risk. We are okay with not winning them all. We continue to have a positive long term outlook for Electric Power segment, the end market drivers underpinning the demand for our Electric Power infrastructure services are firmly in place. And we believe will remain so for years to come. We expect our base Electric Power business continue to grow overtime with larger high voltage electric transmission projects, creating opportunity for incremental growth but with some cyclicality. And finally in October, Hurricane Matthew hit the south east coast of the United States, knocking out power to more than 4 million people along its path and significant damaging property and infrastructure. Quanta deployed more than 1,700 power workers to assist utilities with restoring power to customers impacted by the hurricane. Quanta and the rest of the industry were able to quickly restore power, which reflects the benefits of system partnering initiatives that utilities invested in over the past several years. We believe this demonstrated system partnering benefits will continue to drive and for structural replacement for years to come.  Our employee safely responded to help others in need and in many cases put themselves in harm's way to do so. We have the best craft man in the world and they performed at the highest level during this event. Turning to our oil and gas segment. Revenues increased more than 8% versus the same quarter last year and increased more than 29% sequentially. Of note sequential operating margins increased considerably in the third quarter primarily due to a significant increase in large pipeline project activity. We expect an improved performance for this segment as we move through 2016. With the second half of the year being meaningfully stronger than the first, driven by a significant increase in large pipeline contributions. On our second quarter earnings conference call, we discuss two large natural gas pipeline projects that were awaiting final permitting before the customer to give us notice to proceed with instructions. We begin construction on the larger of the two projects. A large natural gas pipeline project in the South East United States, in mid-September and expect to complete construction in the first half of 2017. We have also begun initial construction activities on the second project. But now expect the majority of the pipeline construction activities we begin early next year rather than this year. We are currently in construction on ten large diameter pipelines phase across North America and Australia. The vast majority of our current and future pipeline project we see are designed to move natural gas from the Marcellus and Utica shale regions to various demand centers. While a number of others are intended to support coal to gas generation switching efforts, increased local gas distribution demand and further out the movement on natural gas to the coast lines for LNG export. For example, in September, Dominion announce be Atlantic Coast Pipeline LC signed a contract with Spring Rig Constructors LLC to build a proposed 600 mile natural gas Atlantic coast pipeline. Spring Rig Constructors is a joint venture of leading pipeline constructing companies including Price Gregory International, a Quanta Services Company. Pending approval by FERC, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline would run from Harris County, West Virginia, to Robeson County, North Carolina. Construction is scheduled to begin in late 2017 and completion is expected in the second half of 2019. This is a significant project for Quanta and we are pleased to be a part of the joint venture. Because the project is in permitting an approval process, the project is not yet reflected in our backlog. In addition, we are experiencing increase levels of discussions with various customers about large pipeline project in Canada. While some projects are encountering permitting and environment delays others have received the required government approvals and progressing forward. Despite a difficult regulatory environment, we continue to foresee an active pipeline market for the next several years.  Somewhere to our Electric Power segment, we have built and are strengthening the best business in our oil and gas segment, which consists of services such as natural gas distribution, pipeline integrity, pipeline logistic management, horizontal direction drilling and engineering. We are positive on the long term demand jobbers for our natural gas distribution and pipeline in integrity services, increasing natural gas demand and new pipeline safety regulations should continue to drive multiyear opportunities in a natural gas distribution market as pipeline integrity programs continue to accelerate. We have been investing in this business and expanding our operations organically into new markets. We ended the quarter with nearly 28,200 employees which is a record and I expect our headcount will continue to increase over the coming quarters. Trapping, training and retaining the workforce we need to safely grow and expand our company and support our customers over the longer term is critical. The developments of our world class training facility in LaGrange, Texas, and our training programs at that facility are the cornerstone of these affords. There is nothing like it in the industry and we believe the facility and our training programs give us a competitive advantage. In addition, we have established a business relationship and are developing a workforce development program with Sam Houston State University that provides students with the industry leading curriculum, build experience and internships for engineering, construction and project management. We believe this relationship and programs is an important step to ensuring we have the access to high quality, well-trained individuals who will become the future of Quanta. And supporting this initiatives, Quanta has commitment to an endowment of $3 million, 2.3 million of which was contributed in the third quarter. In summary, we delivered solid operating performance in third quarter and expect the second half of the year to be significantly better than the first driven by continued execution in our base business and larger Electric and pipeline transmission projects that are ramping into construction. While we are now expecting 2016 results to be in the lower end of our prior guidance, this is primarily due to delayed project starts which should benefit us in 2017. We continue to have a positive multiyear view on the end markets we serve and we believe we remain well-positioned to provide unique solutions to our customers. We will provide our formal commentary and 2017 expectations on the fourth quarter earnings call next February, our qualitative outlook for our business is largely shaped by collaborative relationships with our customers which give us valuable insight into the multiyear infrastructure capital programs. We see increasing activity and opportunity for the award of large high voltage electric transmission projects over the near and medium term and believe large pipeline projects market remains robust with a multiyear cycle ahead of us. As I hope you have taken away from our comments this morning. We are confident that we will finish the year strong and we are optimistic about the potential we see for 2017 and beyond. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and we’ll continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best in class leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's unique operating model and entrepreneurial mind set, we will continue to provide us the foundation to generate long term value for all our stakeholders. With that I’ll now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO for his review of our third quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick Jensen: Thanks Duke and good morning everyone. Today we announced revenues of $2.04 billion for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $1.94 billion in the prior year third quarter. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock was $73.1 million or $0.47 per diluted share. These results compared to net income from continuing operations attributable to come stock of $43.2 million or $0.23 per diluted share in the third quarter 2015. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations at presented in today's press release was $0.55 for the third quarter of 2016 as compared to $0.30 for the third quarter of 2015. We did have a few items impacting our results for the quarter. First, as Duke mentioned, we made the $2.3 million contribution to an endowment with same Huston State University. Also, we have a slight true up for cost associated with the power plant project in Alaska that impacted the electric power statement by around $3 million. Lastly, our tax rate is quite a bit higher, partially due to a lower proportion of income before taxes from international jurisdiction which are generally taxed at lower statutory rates, largely driven by delays in our Latin American concession woks pushing more of the low tax income into 2017. Also, as part of filling our 2015 Federal tax return. We had changes in estimate related to amount qualifying for the domestic manufacturing tax deduction. Against, our original estimates, these items added up to approximately $0.05 to $0.06 for the quarter. Turning to our broader results, the increase in consolidated revenues in the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the same quarter of last year was primarily associate with an increased in a number and size the oil and gas projects that moved into full constructing during 3Q '16 as well as increased customer spending for gas distribution services. Also contributing to these increases was a favorable impact of approximately $30 million in revenues from acquire companies primarily in our electric power and infrastructure services segment. Our consolidated gross margin was 14.8% in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to 12.1% in the third quarter of 2015. This increase is primarily associated with improved margins in our electric power segment which I will discuss later in my prepared remarks.  Selling, general and administrative expenses were $164.3 million in the third quarter 2016 reflecting an increase of $18.6 million as compared to the third quarter 2015. These increase was a result of $11.2 million in higher compensation expenses largely due to greater incentive compensation costs compared to the prior quarter. We accrual incentive compensation proportionate to the levels of income for the year. Therefore the third quarter 2016 has a much higher level of accrual based on the higher operating income as well as the proportionate income the quarter represents to 2016. In addition, we have $3.1 million in higher cost associated with ongoing technology and business development initiatives. The $2.3 million contribution to the endowment and $1 million in incremental G&A cost associated with required companies net of reduced acquisition cost. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 8% in the third quarter 2016 as compared to 7.5% in the third quarter of 2015. We further discuss our segment results. Electric power revenues were $1.22 billion reflecting an increase of $39.3 million when compared to last years' third quarter or approximately 3.3%. This increase was primarily due to approximately $25 million in revenues from acquired companies. Operating margin in the electric power segment increased to 9.7% in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to 6.5% in last year's third quarter. Our margins for the quarter took a slight hit for the power plant, but otherwise reflected solid productivity across most of our electric operations. Last year's third quarter was impacted by significant delays in larger transmission projects which at the time led to an increasingly competitive smaller transmission market because of excess transmission construction resources in the industry. We were also impacted during that timeframe as we transitioned resources from larger projects to smaller projects. Although, we continued to bear the cost of certain underutilized large transmission resources and pressure from a more competitive environment for transmission projects specifically in some regions of Canada. We have adjusted certain of our cost for the anticipated market environment and are better managing transitions between our smaller transmission projects. On the Alaska power plant project, we are continuing the documentation process and related activities to support our claims and recovery efforts to recoup from various parties, a portion of the losses previously recognized on the projects. While we do not know how successful these efforts will be or the timing of any recovery, we have not recognized any loss recovery on the project to date, or forecasted any current recovery. We do not expect to further updates on this project or potential recoveries unless matters change materially. As of September 30, 2016, 12 month and total backlog for the Electric Power segment increased 2.8% and 2.7% respectively when compared to June 30, 2016 due to new contract awards partially offset by normal contract burn. Oil and gas segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by $63.5 million or 8.4% to $819.8 million in the third quarter of '16. This increase is primarily from an increase in the number of size, a projects that moved into full construction in 3Q '16, as well as increased customer spending for distribution services. Also contributing to the increase was approximately $5 million of revenues from acquired company. Operating income for the oil and gas segment as the percentage of revenues increased to 8% in 3Q '16 from 7.8% in 3Q '15 and increased significantly from 1.9% in the second quarter of 2016 due to higher revenues associated with large diameter pipeline projects which typically carry higher margins. 12 months backlog for the oil and gas segment decreased by $35.3 million or 1.4%, and total backlog decreased $85.2 million or 2.5% when compared to June 30, 2016. These decreases were due to the timing of awards as well as expected contract burn during the quarter partially offset by the positive impact of scope increases to various contracts. Cooperate and non-allocated costs were comparable quarter-over-quarter. For the third quarter 2016, operating cash flow from continuing operations used approximately $69.3 million and net capital expenditures were $29 million resulting a 98.4 million of negative free cash flow as compared to free cash of $69.4 million for the third quarter of 2015. Free cash flow for the third quarter of 2016 was negatively impacted by the increased working capital requirement associated with the significant increase in the number and size of oil and gas infrastructure projects that moved in full construction in 3Q '16. In addition, last quarter I may made mention of some unbilled production that was moving slower than expected due to the approval process with a customer that resulted in our current working capital balance being a bit higher. Although previous discussions with the customer’s senior management has proven promising on the amount of billing and collections we would achieve this quarter. The approval process has remained demanding and in our opinion at times beyond reason. Progress on the project overall has created a level of adjustments to the contract value largely associates with unit adders as the defined in the contract, which have also contributed to a higher unbilled balance. We have added personnel demands to meticulous requirements that had been presented and subsequent to the quarter have continued to receive positive comments from the customer for resolution. However, during the third quarter, these payment delays negatively affected our free cash flow. As of September, the accounts receivable and unbilled balances with these customers represented 11 days of our overall DSO position of 79 days. Which compares to DSO of 85 days at September 30, last year. DSO's are otherwise lower compared to last September due to more favorable up front billing positions on other contract. Cash flows from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, provided approximately $196.9 million and net capital expenditures were $127.3 million resulting in approximately $69.6 million of year-to-date free cash flow. At quarter end, we had $117.4 million in cash. The end of the quarter, we also had $313.3 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding and we had $479.7 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. Leaving us with approximately $1.13 billion in total liquidity as of September 30, 2016. Turning to guidance, for the year ending 2016, we expect consolidated revenues to range between $7.65 billion and $7.75 billion. We have lowered our revenue expectations due to delays on several projects which has shifted the revenue from 2016 to early 2017, primarily due to permitting delays as well as some delay due to the rain fall associated with Hurricane Matthew. The slight reduction in revenue expectations has a corresponding impact on our earnings projection for the year and after considering the items I previously mentioned that impacted the third quarter. We now anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year to be between $1.17 and $1.22. We also anticipate non GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.51 and $1.56. Despite some of the project timing impacts, we continue to believe the fourth quarter will be our highest revenue quarter of the year at or near record levels for the company. Our current expectations are for electric power revenues to be comparable to last year's fourth quarter. With consolidated revenue growth quarter-over-quarter being driven by the oil and gas segment. Although, we expect to perform higher levels of storm work in the fourth quarter 2016, we still expect margins for the electric power segment to be in the low 8% range for the year. A significant number of the crews deployed to emergency restoration services associated with Hurricane Matthew left existing customer work. Therefore the net increase will be tempered. It is too soon to qualify the net effect of storm work as of today. Also, normal seasonality is expected to negatively impact fourth quarter margins for the segment. Margin in the oil and gas segment are expected to be near 5.5% for the year. The storm work benefiting the electric power segment in October had a negative impact on the oil and gas segment delaying start times on certain projects by a couple of weeks. Which contributed to our overall lower revenue expectation.  Our margins expectations are still attack for these individual projects. But the lower contributions to the quarter will somewhat offset the overall contribution of storm work to the consolidated quarter. We estimate that interest expense will approach $15 million for 2016, and are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate for the year to be around 41.5%. Also our annual 2016 guidance reflects current foreign exchange rate environment, fluctuations of foreign exchange rates could make comparison to prior periods difficult and cause actual financial results to differ from guidance. The purposes of cash related diluted earnings per share for the year ended 2016, we are assuming 157.3 million weighted average shares outstanding. CapEx for all of 2016 should be approximately $205 million to $215 million and this compares the CapEx for all of 2015 of $210 million. We are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility which positions the company for continued internal growth and the ability to execute on strategic initiatives. We will continue to focus on the strong cash flow of our base business and concentrate on mitigating the more pronounced fluctuations in cash flow associated with the working capital requirements of larger projects. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with the focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital. Capital expenditures and organic growth with an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions and other strategic investments. This concludes our formal presentation. And we will now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: At this we will be conduction a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Mannes: First of all, nice quarter, happy to see the margins, particularly in oil and gas segment. I did want to delve in a little deeper there. Would you consider the ramp particularly on large projects some of which started late in the quarter, can you maybe help us out with how those could trend over the next couple of quarters, assuming normal execution and also taking into account maybe the seasonality particularly with Canada?
Duke Austin: Yes Dan, in general as we move into the fourth quarter obviously we are on those, we have taken seasonality into consideration with those projects. They are large, the risk profiles are different. So I think we’ve given prudent guidance as we move forward into the fourth quarter. I’ll let Derrick kind of talk through it.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, I agree with everything that Duke said. As it relates to rolling fast the fourth quarter Dan, and think about seasonality, it's too soon for us to really think about how seasonal plays will play in '17. Some of these revenues pushing out of the fourth quarter definitely contributed to first half of '17, which in many ways would appears as though it bodes well for a quarter-over-quarter comparison in that regard. But I don’t know that we have yet made a determination how we think the back half of the year will play out for '17 otherwise, to be able to comment.
Dan Mannes: Got you, the second thing I want to ask also on the oil and gas segment is, we’re starting to hear some more positive trends particularly as it relates to drilling activity and certain activities in certain area, are you seeing any uplift in terms of the smaller work and gathering work which I know has been under a lot of pressure for much of this year?
Duke Austin: Dan I think the micro environment on the gas side underpinning demand of the need for large pipe as you take away from the shale regions in the Marcellus and Utica, the need for mid-stream will come back and you'll see some smaller pipe. They’re all moving different product as well across and in to the Gulf Coast. So yes I think its coming back some. It's not prolific by any means, but the large pipe should overcome and any kind of short fall as you would see in that area and the outlook is good. We continue to bid a lot of work and see a lot of work in that areas, so we're optimistic. 
Dan Mannes: Got it. Thanks for the color guys. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question is from Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. 
Noelle Dilts: I wanted to start on the transmission side of the business. Going back to last quarter in know there are few kind stripped out some of the charges and looked at the U.S. market you're margins were quite good. Looks like continued progress there this quarter. So could you speak the trends you're seeing from profitability stand point in the U.S. and Canada. And how you see that attracting through 2017?
Duke Austin: The transmission business it looks good, there has been other larger projects or it’s the timing. So we’re always concerned with the timing on the larger projects of our larger transmission business on really both sides of the business. But the electric side we are started -- we did starts some projects. We are on three big projects now. So we are moving forward on some bigger ones. But the underpinnings underlying the base business as we’ll continue to talk about is good, there is demand there, we continue to grow that business we're excited about it as we stated we’re headcounts higher, we’ll continue to invest in our work forced. So we like we see the capital spend of our customers, we’re taking to them daily, so we're able to understand where they're going and you could look at what they say on their earnings calls and we believe the capital spends will increase over the next few years, especially that we can see. So the underlying business will continue to grow with some of the larger projects will come in on top of that. And Canada just a little bit on that. It's more depended on your energy on your oil and where oil pricing is. So it's really difficult for us to try to pin that down on where there larger projects are going. We have continued to get our cost structure in line with what the market is. We do that some nice projects in backlog that we believe will move forward in '17. So we're in pretty good shape for the foreseeable the future in Canada.  [Multiple speakers]. Just a color on -- from a marks perspective, you've seen here in the third quarter that if we exclude the power plant, that we're posting a number effectively double-digits margins in the electric power segment. We talked about our ability to be back there. That is partly because of the cost control efforts in Canada, but it’s also because of the strong margins in U.S. The U.S. market as it stands here today for 2016, we are executing at the double-digits margin profile. The pressure for the year is partly coming from MLP obviously, but as well as some of the pressure associated with the Canadian market. But that's where our cost control efforts have predominantly been and as we look forward we see the opportunity working on couple of those larger projects in '17. So a combination of the cost control and those larger projects. We think bode well for Canadian margins. At least two lesson the dilution that’s currently being created by Canada. But the U.S. market is still operating well and we think we are very much focused on returning the Canadian margins to a greater benefit.
Noelle Dilts: Thanks, it was very helpful. So my second question is just kind of broader question on the pipeline base, I think for anyone following the industry is sort of continue to see headwinds about projects just getting pushed, basic nine months from '17 into '18 or '18 into '19. My question for you is, have any of these delays changed how you are thinking about '17, or is it sort of par for the course and maybe we’re just looking at a more extended cycle?
Duke Austin: Yes, I think we have talked about it in the past being broader and longer versus any peaks and that still holds true. We watched all these larger projects and our GAAP business and to make sure we give good guidance on when we think they are going to go. We see some pushes, we build that into kind of our system when we look at things. Some of it you can't tell when it's coming and it just happens. So -- but for the most part I think we have that under control and we understand when these projects are going to go. It won't allow us to give guidance on a three month interval, but we should be able to get some qualitative comments. It says the micro demand on large diameter pipe is there, there will be some permitting delays that we’ll build into any kind of guidance we give along with seasonality. But I do think the next few years on long diameter pipe especially look really good for us.
Noelle Dilts: Okay thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Cook: I guess the couple questions Derrick, how dilutive was Canada to earnings this year? And then just a follow up on that, you talked about within oil and gas the one project being differed -- is getting pushed into 2017, can you quantify that? So that’s my nitpicky question. And my real question is Derrick or Duke, whoever wants to answer this, are either -- I understand you don’t want to give specific margin guidance for 2017. But are there any headwinds that we don’t -- we can make our own assumptions on the market, are there any headwinds that you know of today that would depress margins in '17. Because I am -- I mean I’m just thinking we have Alaska that’s gone, we have Canada which should be less of a headwind, you’ve restructured, I just don’t understand why margins shouldn’t be materially higher when we are thinking about '17 versus '16? You had the endowment, you are investing in technology, there just seems to be a whole bunch of negatives that go away in '16 that would imply a much higher EPS number for '17?
Derrick Jensen: Jamie, on the first part of diluted Canada, I don’t know that I could comment to exactly what the operating income type levels of Canada, but I can tell you that overall Canada, for at least electric power, you are talking about is low single digital margins in comparison. The international revenues right now run about 15% of our consolidated revenues. That includes some Latin American, some Australia work, but from Canada that gives you, the state is probably running in that 10% to 15% range. So you can kind of do some backwards math looking at the relative dilution. Oil and gas pushed to '17 quantifications, I would tell you that the largest portion of our revenue adjustment for the year is associated with those individual oil and gas projects. And then for margin guidance for '17, I can color first and just simply say that I think your assessment is not unfair, mainly you've been if we just look at the elimination of MLP year-over-year. We don’t know that we're going to see any sizable moves from a cost structure perspective, from G&A perspective. So the rest is going to come down largely due to execution in the timing of the project, but I'll let Duke comment more on that. 
Duke Austin: Jamie, qualitatively I would say, everything said was accurate. We do see good markets in '17. I think we can -- if it comes down to execution, which I am confidently we can execute. So I like to market, I like where we are going. I think the company is positioned well, with boots on the ground. We can build linear construction very-very well. So I am confident in the company and I am confident in the markets in 2017. The thing that gives me pause would only be Canadian economy and oil pricing there concerns me a bit and then the permeating. So we'll be watching some of that as we move forward. But that's only on the large projects and I'll continue to say our best business continues to go. The right direction and we see that go into right direction in 2017.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thanks and we'll get back to you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Tahira Afzal: Duke, if you all look at your 12 month backlog, its showing sort of a 5% type of increase. But if you look the new work you could potentially book, does that seems to imply that directionally your revenue growth could be 5% plus, even in the high single-digits potentially?
Duke Austin: Yes I don’t want to get into exactly where it’s coming from a percentage. What I do know is that, the base business is growing on both segments. What gives us pause on saying there's growth on top is the start of the larger projects. And so it gives -- we do, we are building our backlog, we continue to build our backlog. It’s just the starts and when we put this larger projects in backlog. So I’m saying that the larger projects complicates that whole scenario and we'll continue to be conservative about how we approach that. 
Tahira Afzal: Got it, okay, I get that. And Duke, as really a follow-up to that, when we look at some of these pipeline projects and how they're playing out or sizing up, it does seem that your normal seasonality will be somewhat different as we go into 2017. So with civil trade or the unmentionable project really trickling into the first half, would you say that first half is comparatively going to be strong as we see it right now?
Duke Austin: Yes. It is. It should there is no reason why the first half won't be stronger than the first half of this year based on the work we have on going. The concern is the second half and what that looks like. So we'll be trying to provide better guidance there in February on that. 
Tahira Afzal: Thanks very much Derrick. 
Operator: Our next question from the Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Alan Fleming: It’s Alan Fleming on for Andy this morning. Duke, can you provide an update on pricing in your major businesses? Have you seen any lessening in price competition within electric transmission as some of the large project activity has started to rebound here? Has there been any change in behavior from customers on the main line pipe side as capacity seems like it's gotten a little bit tighter here, especially in the second half of the year?
Duke Austin: On the first part of your question from our standpoint, we’re pretty disciplined about how we did all the time. Our customers -- we continue to put the same profile, we look at risk its how we price, and so our risk profile has not changed. As we get busier, our utilization rates and things of that nature go up and it allows our margins to enhance. So as we get busier, as the larger projects are there, we get better utilization. As we talked about in the past, we had people that were on the side lines that are now going to work on some these larger projects, or we weren't as efficient on the smaller ones. And so you’ll start to see -- that’s why you are starting to see some of the margin enhancement as well as our base business continues to growth. So that will allow some utilization there. And our Canadian operations, we have right sized of some that and we’ll move forward there. It's really about Canada for us on the margins to make sure that we get that in line and some other projects there I would say are out of our pricing discipline and we’ll allow the others to win those and we’ll continue to stay discipline on how we did work. And on the GAAP side, we continue to bid the same way, it's no different.
Alan Fleming: Okay. And to follow up on Canada, I think in your prepared remarks you said you are starting to see some signs of a recovery. Can you give us a little more color on what you are seeing that gives you a little bit more optimism there?
Duke Austin: I think our backlog, we have a large project in our backlog as everyone is aware of and that will go into construction. As we stand today in 2017. So it allows us to be better utilized there and gives us some flexibility on what we do in Canada. I would say the overall market is contingent on oil pricing in many ways and so as oil fluctuates, so does Canada. So we watched that as we move forward and we’ll continue to adjust with the markets that we see.
Alan Fleming: Okay. And Derrick, a question for you on cash flow. It seems like a lot of the weakness this quarter was timing-related in working capital, and obviously this delayed receivable. But how soon do you think we can see a return to more normalized cash conversion levels for you guys?
Derrick Jensen: One of the thing that -- the primary thing I don’t have -- give guidance on historically has been cash flow because of very much of those timing thing. I’ll tell you that here in the fourth quarter even to the extent that I get better collections on historic kind of unbilled balances, I think I am going to have a level of production on that project such that I’m going to be probably flat this quarter versus yearend. So right now I think I am going to ahead and say that and it wouldn’t surprise me if my ending debt balance for the year is fairly comparable to my current debt balance. And I think you will see some of that maybe roll more into the first part of next year.
Alan Fleming: Okay. Thank you guys, good luck.
Operator: Our next question is from Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chad Dillard: In transmission, given that you are entering the plus 10% margin territory, and you are in the early stages of ramping up large transmission. I'm just trying to think through the upside scenario for margins over the next year or so. I look back to 2012 time frame and I see about 12% margins. How much of an analog with that time frame to where we are now? And has anything in your business or end-market changed which would either limit you to around 12% or allow you to suppress that previous peak?
Duke Austin: Yes, again the market will be in the 10% to 12% range when things are good, as we talk about in the past to double-digits range. So what I would I say is we're taking incremental steps and it's not something -- it’s something that will be incremental to us sequentially as we move along into next year? The market is not -- we’re seeing where we are winning work, were bidding work, we’re also not winning work. So it's hard to say exactly where the margins will go. We’ll continue to try to get in our historical range. 
Derrick Jensen: Relative to 2012. One other thing to point out is that, you may recall that was our largest storm work year really in Quanta’s history and we did over $250 million worth of storm work, so that very much contributed to the margins begin over 12%. And at the same time in that timeframe we were working on a significant number of larger projects. So although we do have the opportunity to have larger projects contributing as we go forward. I don’t think we are seeing it at the level of that. So there are a couple of dynamics that kept us very much on the upper side of that range. That is we look forward we’d probably say that would be a little aggressive to be thinking that it would be that high in the near term. 
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And pivoting over to the pipeline side, can you speak to what you are seeing on distribution? What are your customers telling you about planning for 2017, and then how should we think about that?
Duke Austin: The distribution business is a good business. It's a steady business we see the replacement with FENSA and some the regulation that you see, that’s a long turn replacement program across the country, it’s broad based. I think you'll continue to see that over the next 10 years to 15 years and you'll continue to see us grow in that business. 
Chad Dillard: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question. 
Andrew Wittmann: I wanted to ask on the pipeline segment, and try to get some context around the opportunities that are out there by asking you if you can give us a sense of the dollar amount of projects that you believe you've won but have been unable to announce. These projects that are held up by permitting or other factors, and what the duration of those that you can best estimate the duration of time that's going to take to get those released?
Duke Austin: Yes I think from our stand point, the larger projects, there is many of amount there. It's about which ones go and they give any sort of guidance on that. Is very difficult. What I would say is we can see out fairly long here in the macro piece of it is there -- the underpinning demand is there from a power side. So it's a robust environment, robust bidding environment. It’s the timing, the permitting and things like that. That's not our expertise and we can't get guidance on that. What we can say is we do see the company in a good position to win work and execute work and in the next few years. 
Andrew Wittmann: Okay. An addendum to that last question, then. Can you give us some thoughts about -- have you been seeing more mainline projects coming your way over the last 18 months or so? Or is the body of work that you're looking at potentially doing, is it the same stuff that's been contemplated for many years? In other words, has the oil price declines, has that affected the amount of new work that is coming your way in terms of the opportunity set?
Duke Austin: If you look at the pipeline business, it's much cheaper to move product through pipe than it is rail and if you look at what was railed in the past it becomes uneconomical. So you starting to see more people put pipelines on the drawing board for where rail lines may have been in the past. So I think the overall economics of the large pipeline in moving product is there, it continues to be a robust bidding environment and a multiyear bidding environment. So we are having contacts with our customers negotiating, looking at where we’re with them and we like the environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Duncan with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Duncan: First question I've got is back on the oil and gas segment for a little bit. Trying to think through the project timing as we look out into next year, certainly not looking for guidance for the year, but really more the flow of what you see in backlog. So you've had some stuff that's pushed into the first half. Sounds like you are going to have a pretty good first half. Atlantic Coast isn't supposed to start until later in the year, so it sounds like there's the potential for a little bit of an abnormal flow to the year with an air pocket in the third quarter, which would normally be the high-water mark for the year. Should we be thinking that's the flow of the year unless you pick up a project in between Sabal Trail and other big stuff you're working on and when Atlantic Coast goes?
Duke Austin: Yes, again there is a multitude of projects we were looking at. We have talked about Atlantic Coast, it’s one of them. We don’t necessarily -- we have our own timing in a way that we think about where I would say the second half is -- we are not started on it yet, so it will take till February that kind of figure that out when we give guidance and it's too early to say what the third quarter would look like there. Again, I see the same thing you see when you looking at it from your view point. So we will try to be transparent when we give guidance there in February, it's just too early today.
Matt Duncan: Yes, that helps. Then I want to come back to thinking about margins. So you've laid out targets of 10% to 11% for electrical and 9% to 12% for oil and gas. Electrical, you're now hitting the low end of that with Canada as a drag. And Fort Mac West is going to start up presumably relatively early next year. Is there any reason, going back to what Jamie was asking earlier, is there any reason why you can't get into the 10% to 11% range in electrical next year? And then with oil and gas, the large-diameter stuff is the best margin work that you do. I understand that there's probably drags from really low profit levels on more of the gathering work you're doing. But, Derrick, if you can help us think through the moving pieces of all these segments, and especially in electrical, I'm having a hard time understanding how you don't get into the 10% to 11% range.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, so as it relates to this quarter, and again it’s a good power plant, you saw margins that were in the 10% range. But it's important to remember that that’s also our highest margin quarter typically from the seasonality perspective. And so when you model out how we think the fourth quarter is going to play, I think you going to model out you are going to see margin dropping below 10% in the electric power segment because of that seasonality. We think the seasonality will definitely be impacting the quarters of 2017. For the last few years you have seen a lot less of that seasonal dynamic because of the contribution of Canada. But as we stand here today, you see less that contribution of Canada both form volume perspective as well because the fact of the overall performance of Canada is contributing at a lower margin of level. So although it’s too soon to comment as to exactly how guidance will play out. I think those are important factors to think about. When you think about our ability to maintain double-digits margins in every quarter '17. I think seasonal impacts will exist and so, that will be putting some level of pressure on our ability be at that double-digits throughout the year.  Relative to oil and gas, it is a big factor as to win the individual project starting stop in the individual quarters. Thinking about the second quarter commentary that we provided on the fourth quarter of this year. We talked about potential for the ability for the margin to see an uptick. As we stand here today, we are not seeing that because of the timing in those projects, some of those projects pushing out of the fourth quarter.  So any those individuals stocks are stops a project and very much influence the mix of the work in the quarter and therefore for the year and that's the biggest portion of what drives our -- the level of margin being up in that double-digits range for oil and gas at the stage. Higher levels at given times in given quarters for the large-diameter pipe can definitely give us the ability to be in there, but as Duke’s commentary, he talked about seemed to be a comment as to how the back half of the year will play out. To be up a really feel how -- the ability to be a double-digits margins right now. 
Duke Austin: I want to be come back to what Derrick said on the gas side, the mix of work matters a lot. As our base work, the distribution and all the underlying businesses within that, that the seasonality does matter there. So you should be cognizant of that when you're looking at guidance. 
Matt Duncan: Yes, very helpful guys. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Rogers with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
John Rogers: Just a couple of things. First of all, in terms of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, getting an award before projects have permits seems somewhat unusual to what we've seen in the past. Is that something that we are going to see over the next couple of years, as people try to lock up capacity in this market? And have you got other projects out there where you're signed up, but just can't announce yet?
Duke Austin: Yes John I mean I think in generally you could see that happen quite often, and it has happened quite often and does happen quite often. So the FERC permit is one piece of it. Traditionally the gas permit has been a process with FERC that’s been fairly easy. It is not today, so we’ll look at how we put things in backlog and talk about it to the investment community. And yes we are looking at large projects on a broad spectrum both in Canada, Australia, and in U.S. and always have on the front end of this project. The environment is as good as I’ve said, the undertaking demand there, there is a need for natural gas, all across the lower 48, Canada just from the power plant side so the coal to gas switching happens you start to see the LDC use more natural gas. We were bullish on the pipe business for the foreseeable future here.
John Rogers: Okay. And then as a follow-up, are you prepared to give us any thoughts or -- relative to telecom business, what you are thinking there?
Duke Austin: What I would say about the telecom business is, as we’ve stated in the past that we plan on getting into the business. It's a linear construction, we like the business, we see a lot of demand there and I’ll leave with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Rygiel with FBR. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Rygiel: Duke, can you comment on how a change in leadership in DC in week could affect the pace of permitting? If so, is that a catalyst in 2017 or later?
Duke Austin: Yes Alex, I don’t want to say it can’t get any worst, because it always probably could. So what I would say is that, the environment is pretty tough today. The industry has always figured out a way to adapt on any kind of administration. So as the administrations go and come, it does change. It could be a better, it could be a worst. But the underpinning demand, the need for natural gas, the need for the infrastructure is great and I think under either administration you’re going to see infrastructure get built.
Alex Rygiel: Could you spend a minute talking a little bit more about Australia? Is that a marketplace you are emphasizing more? Is it a marketplace that has good margin profile at this time? Or are you de-emphasize that?
Duke Austin: No, we like Australia. Again we look at that a long term growth for Quanta. We’ll continue to grow our platform there. We actually made an electric acquisition, a smaller one within the quarter to grow our platform. So yes, it's suppressed a bit, but I like our operations there. We are doing well and this market is especially -- and I think you will see us grow that market out. And we’ve stated in the past, if it's not $1 billion, in $100 million of operating profit, we will exit that area. So I mean we are very optimistic about Australia, we like it.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions. At this time I would like to turn the call back to Duke Austin for closing comments.
Duke Austin: I would like to thank you all for participating in the third quarter 2016 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Kip Rupp. Thank you, Mr. Rupp. You may begin.
Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, and welcome to the Quanta Services conference call to review second quarter 2016 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors and Media section of the Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com. You can also access Quanta's latest earnings release and other investor materials such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audio cast conference calls and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations App, which is available for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. Additionally, investors and others should note that while we announce material financial information and make other public disclosures of information regarding Quanta through SEC filings, press releases and public conference calls, we may also utilize social media to communicate this information. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed material. Accordingly, we encourage investors and media and others interested in our company to follow Quanta and review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our website in the Investors and Media section. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. Please note that in today's call, we will present certain non-GAAP financial measures including EBIT, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. In the Investors and Media section of our website, we have posted the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the corresponding GAAP financial measures. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 4, 2016. And therefore, you are advised that any time sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise, and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. On the call, I will provide an operational and strategic overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detail review of our second quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. The environment we have been operating in has been challenging for the first six months of the year. In particular, our Canadian operations continued to experience the effects of a down-market. We continue to make necessary changes in our cost structure to adjust to the market conditions and believe we are on track to deliver on our expectations for the remaining six months of the year. However, the ongoing challenges on the power plant project in Alaska distort the overall performance of the core operations. As disclosed in our earnings release this morning, we incurred additional losses on the power plant project in Alaska during the second quarter. Late in the quarter, during the late stages of the commissioning phase, a project experienced a claimed force majeure event. We have also experienced further deficiencies in third-party engineering that caused changes to the planned scope of work as well as failures of other contractors operating on site. The combination of these issues resulted in a significant increase in estimated cost to complete the project. We are in the early stages of developing estimates for potential recovery for the items from the customer and other parties. I'm fully aware that we have been discussing losses on this project for the last year. And we take the issue seriously. We are all disappointed that we have incurred additional losses on this project and with the performance of the project overall. We remain focused on completing the project. While our core electric segment performance in the quarter was solid, the power plant losses in the second quarter were not previously contemplated in our guidance. And as a result, we have adjusted our full year guidance to reflect this impact. We continue to have a positive long-term outlook for our Electric Power segment and remain focused on restoring our operating income margins for the segment to historical levels. We continue to believe Quanta's market-leading position, coupled with industry dynamics such as an aging grid that requires significant investment to maintain reliability, the generation mix shifting to more renewables and natural gas, and the implementation of existing newer, more demanding government regulations should provide opportunities for our core transmission and distribution operations to grow. We will continue to build our base transmission and distribution business, while remaining nimble to capitalize on large multi-year project opportunities that develop as evidenced by the two large electric project awards announced this morning. In June, Quanta was chosen by a Midwest utility to construct a new 100-mile double-circuit 345 kilovolt transmission line in its service territory. Our scope of work includes access roads, foundations, steel pole erection, wire stringing and material management. Construction began in late June and the project is scheduled to complete in the third quarter of 2018. Incremental to Electric Power backlog at the end of the second quarter is the large electric transmission and distribution project awarded to us about by a California-based utility that we signed a contract for in July. Our scope of work includes the engineering, procurement and construction of this project, including rebuilding and replacing approximately 145 miles of 12 kilovolt and 69 kilovolt underground and overhead electric power infrastructure. The project is located in a national forest area in southern California. Engineering and related services for this project has begun and completion is anticipated in late 2019. The aggregate contract value of these two projects is approximately $500 million. We continue to see substantial bidding activity and are pursuing a number of additional large high-voltage electric transmission projects in both Canada and the United States. As an industry leader in providing solutions for large high-voltage transmission projects, we believe Quanta is well positioned to capitalize on the project opportunities we see in the marketplace. Also, you may recall that several years ago Quanta partnered with American Electric Power or AEP to upgrade approximately 240 miles of their 345 kilovolt transmission infrastructure in South Texas. The line remained in an energized state using our patented energize technologies. For this project in June, AEP won the Edison Electric Institute's 2016 Edison Award, the electric power industry's most prestigious honor. Quanta is proud to have partnered with AEP and we appreciate the confidence they placed in us to provide them with a safe, innovative and cost effective infrastructure solution. Turning to our Oil and Gas segment, revenues and margins in the second quarter were softer than anticipated, primarily due to permitting delays on several large pipeline projects in our backlog and, to a lesser extent, due to certain negative project conditions. As discussed on prior earnings calls, we expect improved performance for this segment as we move through the year, with the second half of the year being meaningfully stronger than the first half, driven by a significant increase in large pipeline revenue contributions. In the second quarter, three of our large diameter pipeline projects were waiting for client authorization to commence work. The authorizations were contingent upon the customer receiving certain government permits, which have taken longer to obtain and have pushed anticipated construction start dates from the second quarter of this year to the third quarter. We have since received authorization to begin work on one of the projects and believe we can complete the project within our original estimates for the year. For the remaining projects, communications with our customers indicate that work is probable to move forward in the third quarter, which is what is reflected in our current guidance. While project delays generate headlines and the impact of timing project starts, we believe that on a macro level such delays coupled with the healthy end-market drivers and strong demand for our large pipeline project services could yield an active pipeline market that could prove to be longer and more consistent rather than a relatively short boom and bust cycle. And as LNG export facilities come online in North America and export volumes increase, we expect additional large pipelines will need to be constructed later in this decade to feed considerable volumes of natural gas to those facilities. While the LNG market is facing challenges due to low oil prices, it is a market we are watching with cautious optimism. The large pipeline market remains very active. We continue to work with our customers on large additional pipeline projects and have visibility into significant project activity for the next several years. While some projects are experiencing permitting environmental delays, others are successfully receiving FERC and other approvals and are progressing forward. The bidding and negotiating environment is robust and the majority of our project opportunities in the United States continue to be driven by natural gas. In addition, we are experiencing increasing and ongoing levels of discussion with various customers about large pipeline projects in Canada. Regarding some of the other services we provide in our base business that are reflected in the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment, demand continues for our natural gas distribution and pipeline integrity services. And we believe there are attractive growth opportunities for many years. Increasing natural gas demand and new pipeline safety regulations should continue to drive multi-year opportunities in the natural gas distribution market as customer integrity programs continue to accelerate. As expected, our midstream gathering activities are down meaningfully versus prior years. This is primarily due to the lack of takeaway capacity to move natural gas out of the production areas in the Marcellus and Utica Shales to market and lower commodity prices for natural gas liquids. Challenging conditions in Canada due to low oil prices have also impacted our midstream gathering business. However, we believe that this market is beginning to stabilize. In summary, we continue to have a positive multi-year view on the end markets we serve and believe we're all well positioned to provide unique solutions to our customers. As discussed in our prior calls, we believed the first half of this year could be choppy and it was. However, we expect a significant increase in activity levels and improved financial results in the second half of the year, which is supported by our strong backlog. In addition, we believe market conditions for our Canadian Electric Power and Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services operations have stabilized and that those markets are in the early stages of recovery. We believe consolidation among our customers in both the electric utility and pipeline industries will be positive for Quanta going forward. As our customers get larger, they are continuing to partner with Quanta because of our scope and skill, innovative solutions and strong financial position. We're also seeing the convergence of the electric utility and natural gas pipeline, which we anticipated years ago and are well positioned to benefit from. Looking forward in market drivers, our entrepreneurial business model, having the best skilled leadership and the largest skilled workforce in the markets we serve, will continue to distinguish us in the marketplace and position us to continue to grow our core business over time. We see increasing activity and opportunity for the award of large, high-voltage electric transmission projects over the near and medium term, and the large pipeline project market remains robust with a multi-year cycle ahead of us. This management team is focused on operating the business for the long term. We will continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset will continue to provide us the foundation to generate long-term value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our second quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Duke, and good morning everyone. Today we announced revenues of $1.79 billion for the second quarter of 2016 compared to $1.87 billion in the prior year second quarter. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock was $16.6 million or $0.11 per diluted share. These results compared to net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock of $32 million or $0.15 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2015. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, as presented in today's press release, was $0.18 for the second quarter 2016 as compared to $0.24 for the second quarter 2015. Although Duke commented a bit on some of the items impacting our results for the quarter, I'll provide some additional commentary before discussing the detailed financial review. As pointed out in today's earnings release, the power plant construction project in Alaska negatively impacted the quarter by approximately $30.5 million in project losses or $0.12 per diluted share. At quarter end, this project had a contract value at $201 million and was approximately 90% complete. This project is expected to be substantially completed near the end of the third quarter 2016. As this project continues through the final commissioning phases, it is possible that additional unforeseen circumstances or other performance issues could occur and result in the recognition of additional losses on this project. However, our current estimates represent all issues known at this time. The year-to-date project losses on the power plant are $51.8 million or $31.6 million net of tax and $0.20 per diluted share, and has impacted the year-to-date Electric Power segment operating margins by approximately 220 basis points. We are in the process of developing claims related to these losses that resulted during and even prior to the second quarter. However, we have not reflected any damage recovery in our estimate of total project loss. Our results for the quarter were also negatively impacted by certain other items that were outside of our previous expectations. As Duke spoke of, we had lower overall reported revenues versus our expectations, which had a corresponding adverse impact on gross profit, driven largely by shifts in the timing of the start date on certain large diameter pipeline projects and, to lesser extent, a negative impact associated with the wildfires in Alberta, Canada. Additionally, we had some slight overages in costs on existing projects within the Oil and Gas segment, some of which we will be seeking to recover through future change orders, but otherwise negatively impacted the quarter by around $0.02. Lastly, our tax rate for the quarter and year is higher than anticipated due to the current estimate of the mix of our annual earnings being more heavily weighted to domestic rather than foreign operations as well as the effect of a reduction in expected tax benefit from foreign restructurings, which were originally expected to benefit the entire year, but now won't be a benefit until the third quarter. These tax items impacted the quarter by approximately $0.02. Turning to a broader discussion of our quarter-over-quarter results, the decrease in consolidated revenues in the second quarter of 2016 as compared to the same quarter of last year was primarily associated with the decrease in larger electric transmission and larger diameter pipeline projects as customers continue to face heightened regulatory and environmental requirements from state and federal agencies and more stringent permitting processes. This increased regulatory environment impacted the timing of existing projects and delayed the development of other necessary infrastructure projects, which has had a corresponding negative impact on the level of demand for our services. Partially offsetting these decreases was the favorable impact of approximately $40 million in revenues generated by acquired companies primarily in our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. Our consolidated gross margin was 11.2% in the second quarter of 2016 as compared to 12.2% in the second quarter of 2015. This decrease was primarily due to the previously mentioned decrease in revenues from larger electric transmission projects and larger pipeline projects, which typically yield higher margins. In addition, the higher cost on existing projects within the Oil and Gas segment as compared to last quarter and the lack of corresponding change orders on these costs impacted margin comparability. Gross margins were also impacted by losses on the power plant project of $30.5 million in the quarter, which compares to $25.1 million of losses during the three months ended June 30, 2015 related to the same power plant project and an electric transmission project in Canada. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $156.6 million in the second quarter of 2016, reflecting an increase of $6.7 million as compared to the second quarter of 2015. This increase was a result of $2.8 million in higher cost associated with ongoing technology and business development efforts and $2.2 million in incremental G&A costs associated with the acquired companies. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 8.7% in the second quarter of 2016 as compared to 8% in the second quarter of 2015. This increase was due to the slightly higher G&A costs as well as the reduced revenues for the second quarter of 2016. To further discuss our segment results, Electric Power revenues were $1.16 billion, reflecting a decrease of $63.2 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 5.2%. Revenues during the second quarter of 2016 were negatively impacted by continued regulatory constraints on the volume and timing of customer spending as compared to the second quarter of 2015, which included higher levels of revenues from larger transmission projects that were nearing completion. Foreign currency exchange rates also negatively impacted second quarter 2016 revenues in this segment by approximately $8 million. These negative factors were partially offset by the contribution of approximately $30 million in revenues from acquired companies. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment decreased to 6.6% in the second quarter of 2016 as compared 7.2% in last year's second quarter. This decrease was primarily due to the previously mentioned reduced revenues from larger electric transmission projects and a corresponding increase in lower margin revenues from smaller scale transmission work. In addition, margins are negatively impacted by certain large transmission resources being underutilized during the quarter as we continue to bear certain costs to ensure we are positioned to execute on larger transmission opportunities. As I mentioned previously, operating margins for the second quarters of both 2016 and 2015 were negatively impacted by project losses on one or two large projects. As of June 30, 2016, 12-month backlog for the Electric Power segment was relatively flat and total backlog decreased slightly when compared to March 31, 2016 due to normal contract burn being effectively offset by new contract awards. Backlog as of quarter-end does not reflect the large California transmission and distribution project announcement included in today's release. Oil and Gas segment revenues decreased quarter-over-quarter by $16.7 million or 2.6% to $633.3 million in the second quarter of 2016. This decrease is primarily a result of the fluctuations in large project timing I spoke of earlier. Segment revenues contributed by international operations were also negatively impacted by approximately $6 million as a result of less favorable foreign currency exchange rate. These decreases were partially offset by increased activity from distribution services as well as the contribution of approximately $10 million of revenues from acquired companies. Operating income for the Oil and Gas segment as a percentage of revenues decreased to 1.9% in 2Q 2016 from 5.5% in 2Q 2015. This decrease was primarily due to the timing of larger pipeline projects which typically yield higher margins, as well as a higher contribution from distribution services which typically carry a lower margin profile. Also negatively impacting operating income were higher costs associated with challenging site conditions on an ongoing transmission project in Canada and a customer request for additional project closeout efforts on a U.S. transmission project that was substantially completed in 2015. While we intend to pursue change orders for additional compensation from our customers for certain of these items, no portion of these amounts have been included in our estimates of contract value as of quarter end. 12-month backlog for the Oil and Gas segment decreased by $47.8 million or 1.9% and total backlog decreased $273.7 million or 7.4% when compared to March 31, 2016. These decreases were due to burn of backlog, partially offset by the positive impact of scope increases to various contracts. Corporate and non-allocated costs decreased $2.8 million in the second quarter 2016 as compared to Q2 2015, primarily as a result of lower acquisition and integration cost due to the timing of acquisitions. For the second quarter of 2016, operating cash flow from continuing operations provided approximately $66.5 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $55.7 million, resulting in approximately $10.8 million of free cash flow as compared to free cash flow of approximately $51.4 million for the second quarter 2015. Free cash flow for the second quarter of 2016 was negatively impacted by the less favorable operating results. Cash flows from operations for the six months ended June 30, 2016 provided approximately $266.3 million. And net capital expenditures were approximately $98.3 million, resulting in approximately $168 million of year-to-date free cash flow. Despite fairly strong year-to-date free cash flow, un-built production hung up in the approval process with a few customers has kept our working capital requirements a bit higher. We expect to see some resolution to these billing delays during the third quarter. However, the ramp up of the large diameter pipeline work in the latter half of the year is expected to be a use of cash, so remains difficult to estimate the overall free cash flow for the year. DSOs were 74 days at June 30, 2016 compared to 75 days at December 31, 2015 and 85 days at June 30, 2015. At quarter-end, we had approximately $162.3 million in cash. At the end of the quarter, we also had about $317.3 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding to secure our casualty insurance program and other contractual commitments, and we had $398 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with approximately $1.26 billion in total liquidity as of June 30, 2016. Turning to guidance, for the year ending 2016, we expect consolidated revenues to range between $7.75 billion and $8 billion. This range contemplates Electric Power segment revenues ranging from a 3% decline year-over-year at the low-end of our guidance to revenues in the segment remaining flat at the higher-end of our estimate, with the remaining difference in revenues coming from growth in the Oil and Gas segment. As it relates to seasonality, we continue to expect a market increase in revenues and margins as we move into the third quarter, largely driven by the timing of large diameter pipeline work. Additionally, due to some of the project timing issues that Duke spoke of earlier, we believe the fourth quarter revenues may not decline as we have seen with typical seasonality in the past, but instead, will likely increase when compared to this year's third quarter. For 2016, we believe the Electric Power segment operating margins should be around 8%, with the year-to-date losses of the power plant of $51.8 million having a negative impact of approximately 100 basis points on the overall operating margin for the segment. We still see the Oil and Gas segment margins coming in between 5.5% and 7% for the year, but due to the lower margins seen in the first and second quarter of 2016, the upper-end may be more challenging. Also, due to the revenue shifts mentioned earlier, margins in the Oil and Gas segment are likely to be higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. Our outlook includes estimates for project start dates that we believe are probable based on customer communications. However, variances in these estimated start dates could lead to revenue and earnings results that may be materially different from our current estimates. In addition, some of these projects are larger in contract value, such that performance of any individual project that significantly exceeds or is left in our current estimates could also impact our earnings results materially. Lastly, our outlook does not assume any recovery of the project losses recognized to date on the power plant project, even though the company is pursuing various remedies for recovery. We estimate that interest expense will be between $15 million and $17 million for 2016 and are currently protecting our GAAP tax rate for 2016 to be around 39.5%. The third and fourth quarter rates will be around 38.5%. Also, our annual 2016 guidance reflects the current foreign exchange rate environment. Fluctuations of foreign exchange rates could make comparisons to prior periods difficult and cause actual financial results to differ from guidance. For purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share for the year ended 2016, we are assuming 157.1 million weighted average shares outstanding. We anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year to be between $1.20 and $1.35 and contemplate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.52 and $1.67. I believe it is important to note that had it not been for the incremental impact of the second quarter loss from the power plant project in Alaska, our previous annual guidance would've remained unchanged. CapEx for all of 2016 should be approximately $200 million to $220 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2015 of $210 million. We expect to continue to maintain our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, positioning the company for continued internal growth and the ability to execute on strategic initiatives. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with the focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital and capital expenditure growth and an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions, investments and the repurchase of Quanta stock. This concludes our formal presentation and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi, Duke.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning.
Operator: I apologize. Something happened. Our next question is from the line of Matt Duncan. Please state your question.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: So, first question I've got is really just kind of big picture on the electrical business. Does it feel like that that business may be turning a corner here? My recollection is that you had only been working on one larger job, and I know a year or two ago that was more like 10. These two that you announced today are going to take that up to three. The Fort McMurray job is going to start presumably later this year, early next year. So it seems like we may be turning a corner here, but just kind of want your updated thoughts there.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah. What I think we would say is that we believe that the Canadian markets are stabilizing, which is what was somewhat of a drag on our earnings power in the segment. We will be starting on those three projects – the second – we're started on the second and will be on the third here shortly. And some pre-engineering has been done on that one. So, yes, I think we are starting to see the projects. And our base business in that segment, as we've said in the past, continues to build. Less the power plant, we feel like we're moving forward with that as expected. I think we've stated in the past that the first quarter would be choppy and it was and, again, we're moving as expected in the segment.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. So, taking everything into consideration then, Duke, is it fair to assume that with the way things are turning there that we ought to expect some measure of growth in 2017? It's really just going to up to the permitting process to determine how much?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Our backlog would be indicative of that. But, again, we'll watch the project starts and make sure that they move into full production. Again, our base will grow. Everything that we see in our backlog indicates that the projects are there. So, we'll have to evaluate where the permits come in and when they start.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: And then on the Oil and Gas side, just trying to get a sense for sort of delays. It sounds like those are really just permitting related rather than a customer kind of slowing anything down. Can you maybe tell us a little bit more about the timeline of when you expect the two that haven't yet started up to get started? And if, for whatever reason, one of those slid out of this year, what kind of impact could that have relative to your guidance?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah. I wouldn't say – again, we're started on all of the projects but two. And the two that we haven't started on, we're in constant communications with our customer and believe those will start in the second half of the third quarter is what I'd say, just to characterize it. So, I don't want to get too specific on it other than just to say the second half of the third quarter. And as those move into construction, I believe our guidance contemplates that. And as far as what happens if they move out of the quarter, again, we would have to come back and communicate what that means and evaluate where we're at on all the other projects to decide what kind of guidance we would give on that and we would come back if it changed materially.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks, guys. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Am I on for sure this time?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning, Tahira. Yeah, you're on.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Duke, for many years, you guys have had a very good execution history and we were hoping, as you take over the realm, that we would start to see that come back. Can you talk a bit about ownership if we continue to really see – obviously, the Alaska project will be essentially done, but these pipeline projects which were just $0.02 this quarter, that's a pretty core business for you. Who has ownership there? What happens if those continue to mount?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah. Tahira, I have ownership in all of them. They eventually get to me and they're my ownership. So, again, I take responsibility for every project we deliver. So, the power plant, for example, is not core to us. It's not indicative of what's in our backlog, and we don't have any binding proposals on power plant work – combined cycle power plant work. We do not have any proposals out there. So, if you look at the rest of the backlog in the Electric Power segment, it's very core to us. Many of these companies have been in business 50 years plus, some 100 years. And we understand that business very well. The power plant was not something that was core to us. And it has distorted our results and we have not executed well on it, as you've seen. We also have claims on that job that we have not pursued and we will. So, the power – and also in the pipeline, I would say, again, we're very proud of the management team we have. We've executed in the past on large pipeline projects. If you go back to 2010 and past when we had this many spreads running on large pipeline projects, we executed very well. I expect us to execute very well as we move forward. The market's robust. We continue to bid work. And I think, from our standpoint, what's in our guidance is accurate reflection of where we're at as a company.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And so, Duke, maybe you can provide a little more color on those $0.02 on the pipeline side, where the impact came in and maybe that will help to some degree. And then, on the positive note, would love to get a little more color on what you're seeing on the electric transmission side, probably the most encouraging commentary I've heard from you guys in a little while on the near term. Any color on that would be helpful as well.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Tahira, I think from my standpoint, when we gave year guidance, we anticipated the back-end to accelerate due to the large pipeline projects. If you take out the power plant from our year, I think we're on track to deliver what we thought we would deliver for the year. And again, the power plant has distorted who we are as a company this year. And if you take it out, I think our guidance is intact and that's how I feel about it as we move forward. As far as the Electric Power business, we're optimistic. We're seeing some signs of the HVDC market – a large HVDC market starting to improve. We continue to bid work. The jobs we're on we're executing well. And again, that's our core business and our base in that segment continues to build. We're also seeing our base in the natural gas business continue to build. So, as far as I'm concerned, we're proud of our base business and we'll move forward in that. Our second quarter Oil and Gas margins will improve due to the work mix, with the large pipeline projects coming on and significant amount – over 10 introduction. You'll start to see our Oil and Gas margins turn the corner the other way just on work mix alone. I know the fourth quarter. We can see it as well. The fourth quarter is loaded with different kind of margin profile. We do understand that.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Duke.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard of Deutsche Bank.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, I just want to spend some time on the gathering sites. At the start of the year, you guys are down 50%. And then I just wanted to get a sense for how you're tracking against those expectations and you mentioned a little bit of stabilization. So, do you think you'll actually be able to hit break-even on your comps at the end of this year? And then how should we think about that for 2017?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, I think, again, from our standpoint on the gathering business, we didn't expect it to be robust this year as expected. Our Canadian market in that side of the business is softer than what we expected just in general. The fires did impact that as well. We'll have to evaluate where that goes in the second half of the year, but in the Lower 48, the Marcellus and the Utica and, for that matter, most places, it's all about takeaway capacity and the commodity pricing. So, as we get big pipe build which offsets anything that we anticipated in the downturn of the midstream market, we should move forward. And again, I think, we're at pretty low points there, and have the opportunity to move up as we move forward into the future years.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And I just wanted to circle back on the Canadian wildfires. I apologize if I missed it, but did you call out what the impact was to earnings for the quarter? And then, conversely, how big of an opportunity is the repair and restoration work for you guys over there? And is there any of that contemplated in guidance?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, again, thankfully, all of our employees were safe in the fires and our customers were safe as well. And our guys did a nice job of helping each other out up there, so we're proud of that. As far as, financially, I don't think there is a minimal impact. Derrick will come back and comment on that, but I don't – there is some restoration in it. It's not meaningful in my mind as we move forward in the year. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. If it's related to the quarter, it's probably in around the $0.01 range, unique to wildfires.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Mannes of Avondale Partners.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning, Dan.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Dan.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Great. A couple of quick follow-ups, and maybe I misheard, I think it was in Derrick's commentary. I think there was some commentary about site conditions and transmission in Canada. I want to follow up. Does this all relate to the Labrador-Island Link? I know there has been some press reports about those issues with the foundations and also with the wires. And obviously, the wires aren't your issue, but just wondering if you can give us anymore color there?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, I'll talk about Labrador. Again, Nalcor had a management change in Labrador recently. We're in constant contact with our client. Any issues there that may be in the press or that matter we're working with the client constantly on different things out there and the job is going as expected. So, again, we don't think there's issues in Labrador. And as far as the projects, some of the projects what Derrick was talking about in his comments is just, in general, we have some contract terms that we're always working out with our clients and we're in various stages of that as we move forward through the year.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Sure.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Dan, that was a reference to some of the margin impact in Oil and Gas, not Electric.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Got it. Sorry. The term transmission threw me. Real quick on the bidding environment, particularly on the large pipe side. We've heard some other people comment that maybe, I know you said bidding and negotiating is robust, but I'm wondering if some of the big 2017, 2018 work is, is it being hung up at all just given all of the environmental issues? Is that actually slowing the bidding environment or the award activity at all and do you view that as a challenge?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: I think the challenge is trying to predict when it starts, Dan. Again, I don't think most of what we're looking at goes and if it's in the bidding stage or negotiating stage. Our clients are pretty bullish on it moving pipes on the ground. Things are good there. It's just about when it starts, can they get the permits? We've all – I think the industry has adapted to some of the different regulations from a state standpoint, even in some of the FERC lines. So we've all moved out some. Again, some FERC lines go in and some don't, and we've taken all that into account as we look forward and we'll continue to take that into account as we look forward into 2017 and 2018 and beyond.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: And if you'll indulge me, the two projects that you're still waiting on full notice to proceed in the pipeline side, are those two projects related or unrelated?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: The projects that we talked about, one project permit is contingent upon another. So, as soon as one permit goes, the other one goes.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: And those are the two you were waiting on?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yes.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Got it. Thank for the color.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning, guys.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Andrew.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. You talked in your guidance about Oil and Gas margin potentially coming in at the low-end of the 5.5% to 7% range that you originally guided to. I know part of this is just some extra noise in the first half. But it looks like a potential that the – your pipeline delay would just be a part of the cycle. What is your 2016 guidance say about Quanta's ability to get Oil and Gas margin back to the longer-term goal of 9% to 12% margin in the segment? And could margin potentially just be structurally lower this cycle given some of the issues that you've mentioned in your gathering business and maybe some continuing issues in Canada?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Andrew, actually my comments weren't so much to say to that we would expect margins to be in the low-end of the range. It's just saying that relative to 5.5% to 7%, posting a 7% for the year might be a little more difficult because of the pressure in the first half of the year. When you think about the last half of the year though, in order for us to get into those upper margin ranges that we're talking about overall for Oil and Gas, it's going to require that the third and fourth quarters have margins that are much more substantial than the first half. But those margins will be very near our historical margin guidance. We've often guided Oil and Gas as having the opportunity to be in the 9% to 12% range based upon the compliment of – contributions of large diameter pipe. As Duke said, we're seeing a large number of large diameter pipe projects moving into the last half of the year and that's what's bringing us up into that overall margin profile in the back half of the year. Relative to longer term, that's what it is, it's the continuing contribution of a robust amount of large diameter pipe would be the primary driver moving us towards that range. And as it relates to a 2017, 2018, 2019 view, we're not going to speak to anything from a guidance perspective, but what we say is, is that when you look at the back half of this year and see how that complement is contributing so much to the margin profile that continues to be what gives us confidence overall of being able to move towards that historical 9% to 12% range.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: And I'll comment as well. From a general standpoint, our Oil and Gas, the way we bid work and the way we go about executing work has not changed. And when this cycle was in the past, we delivered these kind of margins and, I believe, we'll deliver these kind of margins in this cycle as well.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks, guys. That's helpful. And then, can you separate out for us how much of the loss from the Alaska project was related to the force majeure that was claimed versus the continuing engineering production issues. The point – I think I remember you've got some of your best people now on this project and still having some issues during commissioning. So, I think you mentioned that it would end the end of 3Q, which is kind of similar to what you said last quarter, but you also said it was 90% done, which is kind of what it was last quarter as well. So, I guess what's the risk that this sort of drags on for a little bit longer than we previously thought?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: There is three distinct issues in the quarter, all out of our control. We're not going to quantify the claim or what we are pursuing on it. It's early. We're developing it and it would be not prudent for us to kind of state what that is at this point. We're developing it. Our main concentration is delivering the power plant to the customer, and that's what we're concentrating on right now. We believe we'll have it done in the third quarter. Again, I know we said that in the past. We still believe that based on where we're at today. We're in the commissioning phase late stages and have done some QA/QC on delivery of the whole project. So, again, late stages of the project. Yes, we do follow it very closely. I follow it myself very closely. So, engaged daily on where we're at. I feel like when we get it done and then commissioned, we'll start working on the assessment of the claim and where we're at there and, hopefully, be able to come back to you and let you know kind of where that's at.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: One other bit of color is that, as Duke mentioned, those three issues. Those three issues represented the substantial majority of the change in the estimate and, therefore, the substantial majority of the overall losses we've recorded this quarter, which is why you did not otherwise see a significant move in the estimates complete because all three of those items that he referenced were not currently in our control and, therefore, were not in our original estimate.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Understand. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question from William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning, Bill.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Bill.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Not to beat a dead horse, but if we back out this Alaskan project, your electrical margins are above 9%, right?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: That's right.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: That's right.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Yeah, so we got – okay. So, in essence, what we're seeing here is, hey, something these margins are in – are approaching your targeted range. We got one project that we're 90% complete. We're almost there. So, we understand where you're going with this. I want to change ships a little bit here to the Oil and Gas segment. You mentioned your gathering. Can you give us an update on downstream, okay? A lot of peers are looking at very good MRO activity now and really calling out a very robust turnaround season due to the lower crack spread. What are you seeing on the downstream side? I know we've been talking a lot on mainline. I want to go a little smaller here.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah. Bill, I'd just say, in general, our business there is not material to the segment at this point. We do, do work in turnarounds and also downstream. It's the same cycle. There is delays in some part of it and some part of it is starting to move on, as you said, from a turnaround standpoint. So, we're participating in some of those and we do see the bidding activity picking up both in Canada and in the Lower 48.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Okay. Great. And just an update on integrity services and any additional MSAs in the quarter?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, our integrity business is doing very well, again, off a lower base. It gets overshadowed by some of the larger diameter pipe, but we continue to grow that base business both on the LDC market as well as on the natural gas pipelines and oil lines.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. I guess a couple questions. One: Derrick, back on the guidance again, the back half of the year, the non-GAAP guidance, adjusting for all the charges implies EPS in the back half of the year of $0.55 to $0.60 a quarter, which I don't know when we've ever seen Quanta put up those types of numbers. So, I guess my concern is that's a big number. How much cushion do you have in that? Can you still make the low-end of those two mainline pipe jobs that you're waiting on permitting if they get pushed? And then my second question is on the – you've got the two nice projects on the large transmission side in backlog, which I think you said is another $500 million. Given that we're seeing the large transmission projects ramp again, why can't margins, as we approach 2017, get back to your targeted range of the 10% to 12%? Because your commentary historically has always been, well, its small transmission and distribution so that's why your margins were there. Are those two projects so competitively bid, that's off the table? The third question is, you talked about receivables being pushed or something and you expect to get that back in the third quarter. Can you just give us color on how much that is and why isn't your customer paying you? Is it a dispute over a project or is it they can't? Just a little more color there. Thank you.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: There's a lot there, Jamie. Let's see if I can remember them all. Oil and Gas, the back half of the year, when you talk about from a confidence perspective as I spoke of earlier, you see the margin profile in Oil and Gas coming back up to margins that are very near our historical 9% to 12% kind of, although at the lower end. And so to that end, I think what that shows is that despite the level of transmission work we have going on, we tried to be prudent in our level of expectations of execution to deal with the risk that there is inherent in execution of larger projects like this. And so...
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): But the question is – but the question is if those two main line pipe jobs don't go, can you at least hit the low-end of your guide?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: It's going to be largely dependent upon how we execute across the remaining portion of that work. Duke spoke of earlier that we're not going to look at that as individual isolation, because the rest of the remaining work might execute above our expectations and therefore be able to cover any shortfall or push in that revenue. If we execute at the current level on the projects that are based upon our guidance and that project fully moves out, I think that what you'd see is we probably need to come back and look at some level of adjustment, but it's too soon to say. As it stands here today, what we have in our expectations for the year are based upon the probability that we believe we'll be able to move forward based upon our customer communications. If something changes from that, we would let you know. Relative to the T&D margins, the reality is as we stand here today, the biggest pressure in that area is coming from the downturn of the market in Canada. If you were to look at just the non-Canadian operations, the margins in that segment are – as well as ignoring the power plant, if you will; the remaining margins are at our historical margin profile. What is putting the pressure overall on the Electric Power group is the margins coming out of Canada. To that end, that is where, as we move forward, we're going to have two of the largest – the two largest projects the company has ever been awarded. We believe we'll be moving into full construction in 2017 and we would expect that alone to create a potential for the margin upside in Canada, which would relieve some of the pressure you're seeing overall on the margins. So, we are seeing our ability to operate in our historical profile in the non-Canadian market as we stand here today. That's what also then gives us the confidence being able to move into that range as we move forward. What you see in backlog margins are comparable to what you've seen historically. We've not changed our bidding approach on any of the work that's out there that we are pursuing. So, there is nothing otherwise fundamental occurring. And then lastly, on your receivables question, it's QA/QC type work or processes. All of the stuff we have substantial dollar amounts themselves that are held up for very minor issues and it's just a matter of getting that process of QA/QC. There isn't anything that's there that's unique. We run into that periodically and we don't anticipate anything of size or consequence to come out of the issue.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noelle Dilts of Stifel.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning, Noelle.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Hey, good morning. First question just on transmission revenues, it sounds like they came in a little bit below your expectations. We're seeing that out of some of the peers as well. I understand that the large projects are coming back. That's consistent with our expectations. But did you see a slowdown in small to medium project activity or distribution in the quarter that maybe you weren't expecting? Can you just help us understand that a little bit?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, Noelle. Again, I think some of the – we had some fire issue there in Canada and our Canadian markets did pull back during the quarter. That was where the biggest part of the drag on the earnings were. As far as the Lower 48, things progressed basically like we thought they would. A little bit of delay in the large pipeline projects, but we expect that to turn around in the third quarter. So, similar to what we thought, yes, the margins are depressed. We had some, like I said, some issue in Canada that depressed them for the most part.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Can we talk a little bit just about kind of your longer-term strategy and your priorities for capital allocation? How are you thinking about acquisitions at this point versus additional buybacks? Just give us a flavor of kind of how you're thinking about just your longer-term strategy right now?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, Noelle. We're focused on executing on the core business, I think first and foremost, safely as well as productively on the jobs that we have in backlog and we continue to work with our customers on solutions on their capital structures. So, as we look at the capital that our customers are going to spend over the next years – few years, we're just trying to provide solutions to that capital budget in our base business as well as the larger jobs. We think, based on the data that we have and what we talked to our customers about, that will bode well for us in our core business. As we look outside our core, again, linear projects, things that our customers are going into, we move along with our customers. The M&A activity, we don't press that. It's more about is it strategic? Does it make sense? Is this something that we believe will add to our stakeholders and it is a piece of what we believe is a good source and use of capital for our stakeholders. And so, as we see it, and it makes sense and it's accretive, we would look at acquisitions, but again, we don't have anything large on our plate or anything like that other than just to say we're always inquisitive and we're always looking to add to our strategic offerings as well as geographic mixes in our core business.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Steve.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: On the pipeline, how lumpy do you expect the bookings to be going forward? This is obviously a light quarter, but we are heading into a more robust market. What kind of visibility do you have on the timing of bookings and could we see a rebound as soon as Q3 or not that soon?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, Steve. Again, what I would say – characterize it, if you look at the way that this quarter went, if we were to early July award on one of our larger electric projects, we would have record backlog, so that alone would tell you kind of the lumpiness in that. So, yes, the projects that we're looking at are large, and so they will – bookings will get lumpy as you move forward. I think how they go about and when they come and when we decide to fully put them in backlog will be based on a couple of things. It's also when they're going to go when they're probable to go, and so all those things that we happen to look at due to regulations and all the other things, now, it's a little bit more complicated than it has been in the past. Our Northern Pass job for example...
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Sorry. I was asking about – sorry to interrupt. I was asking pipelines, not about Electric.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Okay. Again, our pipeline is same thing, large projects in our backlog on the East Coast that we're looking at. Those that we can't put our hands on to say when they're going to start, when we have a notice to proceed or a contract, we don't put them in our backlog. We're confident that they're there. We're confident in the end markets of our businesses, but we can't – we're not going to put them in the backlog till we sign the contracts. And we can't tell you exactly when that is. So, it is lumpy. It will be lumpy.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Finally, just real quickly ask you just on Electric, what really has changed here? It sounds like for awhile you have been talking about fewer large projects and the timings are more uncertain. Now, it does seem like there has been a change. So what is it about the environment then or customer motivations or what has really made the market a better market?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: We stated in the past that some of our resources to build large transmission that we felt like we needed to hold onto those resources and it has depressed some of our margins in the past. As we move into construction on some of these larger projects, as stated, you'll start to see our margins increase. That's what you're seeing now. We're starting to get some of these larger projects and execute on them. So that will alleviate some of the margin pressure and we're pretty optimistic about that moving forward. Our Canadian operations are depressed at this point. We do believe that stabilized. As that starts to move forward, again, the margins will move up and we're watching that with cautious optimism and Canada. But I think they're as expected and from our standpoint, we are executing good on what we have. The environment itself is robust. You can see it in the capital spend of our customers. It's all about when they go and when we can come in and say, yes, we're going to start this project. It's not about the environment itself. It's a good environment as far as I'm concerned.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann of Robert W. Baird.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Duke, I'll let you finish off what you're about to start there and talk about the update on Northern Pass, the project that's on the Electric side that you talked about having won. When can that go in backlog? You mentioned that the large projects are ramping up. Can you talk about your visibility into things like Clean Line and maybe what it means for your overall direction in the Electric backlog over the next two quarters or three quarters?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, I think what I was trying to accomplish is to tell you that, overall in general, some of these projects are complicated both on gas and electric when we put in the backlog and referenced Northern Pass. So, that's complicated. And as we move through that process with our customer, which we stay in contact with all the time, and they bid into their RFP process, when they get a notice to proceed at their RFP process, then obviously, we'll stick that in backlog and give you some dates on when we're going to be in construction. It's still moving forward as expected. Should see something in late 2017. Everything we can hear from our customer and then possibly move it into construction if they win. So, as we know, we'll put it in backlog. Some of the other merchant transmission, we follow it all. We're involved in all of them at some form or fashion for the most part. And again, when they become something that we can talk about meaningfully, we'll do that. We do not include any of these in our – the way we think about the business until we put them in backlog. So, we're not thinking about that as we look forward in the business, and we don't comment. That's not the reason for the margins moving in Electric, for example. If that came in, it would be incremental to anything we're saying.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Just to clarify, you said Northern Pass maybe late 2017 or did you mean to say late 2016?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: No, it'd be 2017. It'd be a 2017 build and they wouldn't know till the end of 2017 to what – if they're bidding into the RFP. It's a constant process, but that's a late 2017 type situation in my mind.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's all I had. Thank you.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from John Rogers of D.A. Davidson.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for getting me in. A couple of things, I just wanted to follow-up on. First of all, in terms of the outlook for the second half of the year and, Derrick, your comments about sounds like much stronger fourth quarter, I guess, are there project closeouts that you're looking at in the fourth quarter or is it just a ramp in activity and how much do we have to now worry about weather coming into that what seasonally is often a more difficult period?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Actually, it's nothing relative to project closeouts. It's nothing relative to any expectations of recovery of change orders and claims. It's really just the mix of work. We're going to – in our mind, we're going to have an uptick on revenues very likely between the third quarter and fourth quarter, most of that being driven by the pipeline division itself in Oil and Gas and the larger diameter pipe. So whether it be from a higher revenue and a better absorption of the costs and/or just having the full complement of spreads moving at that point in time. So, largely, ultimately, the mix of the work that's happening is what's driving a little bit of that uptick and we have seen fourth quarter margins be higher than the third quarter in the past. For us, our typical seasonality is that you have a little bit of weather effect in the fourth quarter, absent anything influencing that. In this particular case, what's influencing that is that large diameter mix of work. That's why we think that it will have a slight margin uptick.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And also, revenue uptick as well, is that what you're saying?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah. Okay. And then, Duke, just back to the bidding environment out there, and with projects being pushed out, particularly on the pipeline side, and you're saying that pricing still looks like it will be what we've seen in the past and margin potential is still there. But I would surmise that with delays in the market that in excess capacity the bidding would get more competitive, but you're not seeing that on large projects? Is that what you're saying?
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: It's more about where the products, what kind of constraints you have from a standpoint to build them. Some projects are easier than others. We're seeing get lumped up into different years, different parts of years. So as those things – we take those things into account, it's just the industry itself and us evaluating when they go. As we said in our comments, I do think that the market in large pipeline is longer and it's not a boom and bust type thing, because everyone has continued to push a bit. It's just a longer cycle for permitting than it has been in the past. And normally, on naturally gas, what was a fairly easy process, with the states getting involved it has created another level of complexity to get them permitted. We're all working through that. You're starting to see some permits go through. I do believe as we move forward, it will get ironed out, it always does, and we'll get things moving. So, we're starting to understand that a little better. As far as competitive level, some of the work that we're looking at is core to what we're doing in our natural gas segment long-haul pipe and we're very well positioned in that market. So, we're not seeing that to be an issue.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Earl C. Austin, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yes, first, I'd like to comment just in general that we're confident in our ability to execute in our business and we do think the end markets are robust and we'll continue to strive to deliver on earnings. Thank you for participating in our call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John Bergstrom Rogers - D. A. Davidson & Co. William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC Jeffrey Y. Volshteyn - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services' First-quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp. Please go ahead.
Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Priscilla, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review first-quarter 2016 results. This call is being webcast and a replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com shortly after the completion of this call. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. Our first quarter earnings release and other information is available in the Investors and Media section of the Qantas Services website at quantaservices.com. Following this earnings conference call, we will post in the Investors and Media area of the website summary information that we believe investors may find useful regarding our 2016 outlook. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information e-mailed to you when they occur, please sign up for e-mail information alerts by going to the Investors and Media section of the Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com. You can also access Quanta's latest earnings releases and other investor materials such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audio-casts, conference calls, and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations app, which is available for iPhone, iPad, and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. Additionally, investors and others should note that while we announce material financial information and make other public disclosures of information regarding Quanta through SEC filings, press releases and public conference calls, we may also utilize social media to communicate this information. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed material. Accordingly, we encourage investors and media and others interested in our company to follow Quanta and review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our website in the Investors and Media section. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 5, 2016. And therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2015, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise, and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Duke Austin, Quanta's President and CEO. Duke?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services first-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. On the call, I'll provide an operational and strategic overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our first quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. As many of you know, in March, Jim and our board of directors decided the time was right for me to step into the CEO role as part of Quanta's leadership transition planning process. I'm humbled and honored by the trust and confidence they have placed in me with this appointment. I feel fortunate to transition into the role following Jim's leadership and strong direction over the past five years. I'm the third CEO of Quanta. I've had the privilege to work with great industry leaders over more than two – my two-decade career. I'm fourth-generation in the business and began working side-by-side with my father in the field. I've spent the last 15 years of my career at Quanta Services, most recently as Chief Operating Officer. I worked closely with Jim, Derrick and our founder John Colson and others to develop Quanta's strategic initiatives. As such, you can expect a continued focus on operational excellence in building a company for long-term profitable growth. With that, we will continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class filed leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta's core business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta's unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset will also continue to provide us the foundation to generate long-term value for our customers, stockholders and employees. I look forward to future conversations with you through the year and appreciate your support. Quanta's first quarter results put us on track to achieve our full-year outlook. Revenues were $1.7 billion for the first quarter, diluted GAAP and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.13 and $0.23 respectively. While these items declined versus last year's first quarter, which was expected, we ended the quarter with record backlog, which exceeded $10 billion for the first time in the company's history. We believe this bodes well for Quanta as we progress through the year and for years to come. For our Electric segment, the volume of larger transmission projects revenues declined quarter-over-quarter and our Canadian operations are experiencing a challenging operating environment due to the Canadian economy. Despite these headwinds, our core transmission and distribution operations executed well. We did incur additional losses on the power plant project in Alaska, which we have spoken about on prior calls. As we entered the testing and commissioning phase of the project, we experienced engineering and production issues that created additional construction costs. We revised our total estimates on the project to factor in these issues and additional time on the site, and recognized these extra costs in the first quarter. Additional resources have been allocated to deliver a quality project to the customer and bring it to scheduled completion. Although, we anticipate putting forth claims for a significant amount of these costs related to these issues, we have not recognized any potential recovery at this point. The project is more than 90% complete and we expect to finish it in the third quarter of this year. These losses were not previously contemplated in our guidance, which highlights the strong performance in our core transmission and distribution operations in the first quarter. With respect to margins, I want to reiterate that we are committed to returning margins to historical levels. However, we are mindful not to compromise our core capabilities and long-term approach to growing the business. We are proactively addressing our margins by adjusting our cost structure where appropriate, continuing to optimize the use of our equipment resources across the company, and providing value-added solutions to our customers. We expect improved Electric margins – segment margins results this year and maintain our positive multi-year outlook on the North American electric transmission and distribution markets. The industry drivers that we have discussed with you over the years remain firmly in place to spur infrastructure investment, such as an aging grid that requires significant investment to maintain reliability, the generation mix shifting to more renewables and natural gas and the implementation of the existing regulations. We also see several new drivers that we believe will be positive for our industry such as the extension of the renewable electricity production tax credit, New York's clean energy standard, which calls for 50% of the electricity consumed in the state to come from renewable resources by 2030, and the Canadian government's clean energy initiatives and regional transmission plans. We believe all of these are significant drivers for new generation sources, which will require greater transmission investment for great connection in the United States and Canada. The high-voltage electric transmission award opportunities that we have referenced over the last few quarters are exemplified by our recent contract with Eversource Energy to build a Northern Pass Transmission project, which was signed in the first quarter. This project was previously submitted for the New England Clean Energy RFP as part of a competitive process seeking a transmission solution to advance the clean energy goals of Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island and to bring clean energy to New England power grid. If selected, the Northern Pass Transmission project will be an approximately 192-mile transmission line that will bring more than 1,000 megawatts of clean, affordable hydroelectricity from Canada to New England. This project was not reflected in our backlog at the end of the first quarter. In addition, our distribution services continue to grow as our customers increase spending levels to upgrade aging distribution infrastructure and to harden the systems to better withstand extreme weather events. The electric distribution market has been growing nicely for several years and we believe distribution investment could continue to grow. For example, estimates from the C3 Group call for North American electric distribution construction spending to exceed $35 billion through 2020. Overall, we continue to have a positive long-term outlook for our Electric segment. We will continue to build our base business, while remaining nimble to capitalize on large multi-year project opportunities that develop. Turning over to our Oil and Gas segment; revenues and margins were lower this quarter versus the same quarter last year, which was also consistent with our expectations. We expect improved performance for this segment as we move through the year, with the second half of the year being meaningfully stronger than the first half, driven by expected significant increase in large pipeline revenue contributions. We expect to have a greater number of large pipeline projects in construction this year than any other year since 2010. The large pipeline market is very active with projects successfully receiving FERC and other approvals and an active bidding and negotiating environment. In the first quarter, we signed large pipeline contracts for an aggregate contract value of more than $800 million, which we expect to realize this year and next. Looking forward, we continue to work with our customers on additional large pipeline projects and have visibility into significant project activity for the next several years. The need for natural gas associated with coal to gas generation switching, natural gas mainline system redundancy and increased natural gas demand, particularly in the Northeast, are all drivers of current natural gas pipeline demand. And as LNG export facilities come online in North America and export volumes increase, we expect additional large pipelines will need to be constructed later in this decade to feed considerable volumes of natural gas to those facilities. While the LNG market is facing challenges due to low oil prices, it is a market we are watching with cautious optimism. We believe our natural gas distribution and pipeline integrity services have attractive growth opportunities as well. The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA, recently proposed new regulations, which should continue to drive multi-year opportunities in the natural gas distribution market as customer integrity programs continue to accelerate. And finally, a strength of Quanta is our ability to be opportunistic. One of our strategic initiatives for long-term growth is to find adjacent market and new market opportunities. Over the past several years, we have been growing our telecom infrastructure services operations in Canada by leveraging our Electric Power services resources reputation and relationships. We have also successfully greenfielded and grown our telecom infrastructure services operations in various Latin American markets. You may recall from our fourth quarter earnings call that we were recently awarded two sizable telecom concession projects in Latin America. We hope to leverage our telecom success in Latin America and to the Electric Power and other infrastructure service opportunities in that region. Following the expiration of our telecom non-compete arrangement, a natural progression of these efforts and our success will be to expand our operations in the U.S. telecom infrastructure services market, which we believe offers a significant long-term growth opportunity. We will currently perform limited telecom-related infrastructure services in the U.S., consistent with what is permitted by the terms of our non-compete arrangement. I'm not going to go into detail about our strategy to return to the market today, but once our non-compete arrangement expires later this year, we envision growing our telecom infrastructure services business in the United States. In summary, we expect a significant increase in activity levels in the second half of the year and are on track to achieve our full-year outlook. We continue to have a positive multi-year view on the end markets we serve and believe we are well positioned to serve the expanding needs of our customers. Quanta's entrepreneurial business model is unique and a critical driver of our success. We believe we have the best leadership and the best skilled workforce in the markets we serve. The combination of acquisitions and organic growth has allowed us to build a nimble company with a comprehensive breadth of self-perform infrastructure solutions, which significantly distinguishes us in the marketplace. All of this positions us to generate long-term shareholder value while maintaining the core values that have served us well through changing market conditions. With that, I will now turn over the call to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of the first quarter results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Duke, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.71 billion for the first quarter of 2016 compared to $1.86 billion in the prior year's first quarter. Net income from continuing operations was $20.5 million or $0.13 per diluted share. These results compared to net income from continuing operations of $47.7 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2015. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, as presented in today's press release, was $0.23 for the first quarter of 2016 as compared to $0.28 for the first quarter of 2015. The decrease in consolidated revenues in the first quarter of 2016 as compared to the same quarter of last year was primarily a result of fewer ongoing larger electric transmission and large-diameter pipeline projects in the current quarter, resulting mainly from fluctuations in project timing and regulatory delays on certain mainline pipe projects and to a lesser extent from reduced demand for services due to lower oil prices and their impact on customer spending. In addition, consolidated revenues were negatively impacted by approximately $32 million, or 1.9%, compared to the first quarter of 2015 when quantifying the estimated impact of changes in foreign exchange rates between the quarters. Partially offsetting these decreases was the favorable impact of approximately $30 million in revenues generated by acquired companies, primarily in our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. Our consolidated gross margin was 11.9% in the first quarter of 2016 as compared to 12.8% in the first quarter of 2015. This decrease was primarily due to increased costs associated with continued engineering and production issues on a power plant construction project in Alaska that resulted in $21.3 million of project losses recorded during the first quarter of 2016, and the previously mentioned decrease in revenues from large electric transmission and mainline pipe projects, which typically yield higher margins. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $158.5 million in the first quarter of 2016, reflecting an increase of $13.1 million as compared to the first quarter of 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to severance costs associated with the departure of Quanta's former President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as severance and restructuring costs associated with certain operations, primarily within the Oil and Gas segment, which totaled approximately $6.3 million. In addition, increases were from $3.6 million in incremental general and administrative costs associated with acquired companies and $3.6 million in higher salaries and benefits costs largely associated with cost-of-living increases. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 9.3% in the first quarter of 2016 as compared to 7.8% in the first quarter of 2015. This increase was primarily due to the impact of the severance and restructuring costs previously – mentioned previously, as well as reduced revenues for the first quarter of 2016. To further discuss our segment results, Electric Power revenues were $1.19 billion, reflecting a decrease of $53.3 million quarter-over-quarter, or approximately 4.3%. Quarter-over-quarter revenues were adversely impacted by reduced customer spending, primarily associated with large electric transmission projects. Foreign currency exchange rates also negatively impacted first-quarter 2016 revenues in this segment by approximately $18 million. These negative factors were partially offset by the contribution of approximately $25 million in revenues from acquired companies and approximately $12 million in higher emergency and restoration services revenues. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment decreased to 7.4% in the first quarter of 2016 as compared to 8.8% in last year's first quarter. This decrease was due to increased costs on the power plant project in Alaska during the first quarter of 2016. In addition, the decrease in revenues from a large electric transmission project mentioned previously negatively impacted this segment's margins as our revenue mix shifted to a higher proportion of smaller scale transmission work. Although, we experienced strong execution on transmission work overall this quarter, this change in revenue mix inherently carries a higher degree of inefficiencies associated with transitioning between smaller projects that are not experienced during continuous production on larger projects, as well as certain large transmission resources being underutilized during the first quarter of 2016. As of March 31, 2016, 12-month backlog for the Electric Power segment decreased by 1.4% and total backlog increased 1.4% when compared to December 31, 2015. The increase in total backlog was largely attributable to approximately $90 million of favorable changes in currency rates. Oil and Gas segment revenues decreased quarter-over-quarter by $94.4 million or 15.2% to $526.7 million in the first quarter of 2016. This decrease was primarily a result of fluctuations in large project timing, regulatory delays on certain large mainline pipe projects, and to a lesser extent, reduced demand for services due to lower oil prices and their impact on customer spending. Segment revenues contributed from our international operations were negatively impacted by approximately $14 million, as a result of less favorable foreign currency exchange rates in the first quarter of 2016 as compared to the first quarter of 2015. Operating income for the Oil and Gas segment as a percentage of revenues decreased to 1.1% in 1Q, 2016 from 3.9% in 1Q, 2015. This decrease in operating income as a percentage of revenues was due to the decreases in revenues from large-diameter pipeline projects, which typically carry higher margins, the impact of lower overall revenues reported by this segment, which negatively impacted this segment's ability to cover fixed and overhead costs, as well as the impact of approximately $2 million in severance and restructuring costs. 12-month backlog for the Oil and Gas segment increased by $584.5 million, or 30.8%, and total backlog increased to $608.2 million or 19.8% when compared to December 31, 2015. These increases were due to the award of several large diameter gas transmission projects during the quarter. It is worth noting that as a result of these awards, as of the end of the first quarter, the midpoint of our annual revenue guidance does not include any uncommitted revenues associated with large diameter pipeline projects. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased to $6.9 million in the first quarter of 2016 as compared to 1Q, 2015, primarily as a result of $4 million in costs associated with the departure of Quanta's former President and Chief Executive Officer. For the first quarter of 2016, operating cash flow from continuing operations provided approximately $199.7 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $42.6 million, resulting in approximately $157.1 million of free cash flow as compared to free cash flow of approximately $122.4 million for the first quarter of 2015. Free cash flow for the quarter of 2016 was positively impacted by lower working capital requirements due to fewer ongoing large electric transmission and large diameter pipeline projects in the quarter. DSOs were 76 days at March 31, 2016 compared to 75 days at December 31, 2015 and 84 days at March 31, 2015. DSOs were lower at March 31, 2016 compared to March 31, 2015, primarily due to favorable billing terms for certain large projects ongoing in 2016. Investing cash flows of continuing operations during the first quarter of 2016 were impacted by aggregate cash consideration paid of approximately $39.7 million, net of cash acquired, related to the closing of three acquisitions during the quarter. Financing cash flows of continuing operations during the first quarter of 2016 were impacted by net repayments of $75.2 million under our credit facility. At March 31, 2016, we had approximately $155.3 million in cash. At the end of the quarter, we had about $321.1 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding to secure our casualty insurance program and other contractual commitments and we had $397.7 of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with approximately $1.25 billion in total liquidity as of March 31, 2016. As previously mentioned in our fourth quarter earnings release call, we only provide annual guidance and will adjust our expectations as we move through the year, if needed. For the year ending 2016, we expect consolidated revenues to range between $7.5 billion and $8 billion. This range contemplates Electric Power segment revenues ranging from a decline of around 5% year-over-year at the low end of our guidance to revenues in the segment remaining flat at the higher end of our estimates, with the remaining difference in revenues coming from growth in the Oil and Gas segment. As it relates to seasonality, I would generally assume usual seasonality through the year with the first quarter being the lowest with respect to consolidated revenues and margins. We continue to expect revenue and margin improvement sequentially in the second quarter and again in the third quarter with the third quarter expected to be the strongest quarter of the year. I would assume revenues and margins in the fourth quarter to fall somewhere between that of the second and third quarter and that overall the second half of the year to be more heavily weighted than the first half of the year. Consistent with our previous guidance commentary, we expect a more pronounced difference between the quarters of 2016 than we have experienced in recent years. We expect a sizable ramp-up in revenues through the third quarter, as we expect a significant number of large pipeline projects to begin moving to construction in the second and third quarters of this year. For 2016, we believe margins will continue to be at levels lower than our historical expectations, with the Electric Power segment margins somewhere in the 8% to 9% range, and Oil and Gas segment margins between 5.5% and 7%. In addition, largely due to ramp-up in revenues I spoke of earlier, we expect margins to reflect a fair degree of seasonality with a more pronounced effect through the year in Oil and Gas segment, due largely to the anticipated timing of large pipeline project starts. We estimate that interest expense will be between $15 million and $20 million for 2016 and are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate for 2016 to be between 36.5% and 37.5%. Also, our annual 2016 guidance reflects foreign – current foreign exchange rate environment. Continued movement of foreign exchange rates in the future could make comparisons to prior periods difficult and could cause actual financial results to differ from guidance. For purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share for the year ended 2016, we are assuming 156.9 million weighted average shares outstanding. Consistent with our previous guidance, our estimates include the reduction in shares in April 2016 associated with the final settlement of the shares delivered under the ASR program. The actual shares delivered as part of that settlement was approximately 9.4 million shares. This brings the total shares retired under the arrangement to 35.1 million shares at an average price of $21.36. In total, under our previously authorized $1.25 billion share repurchase program, we've acquired $1.2 billion of stock at an average of $22.10. Under the current and most previously completed share repurchase programs, we have now repurchased approximately $1.7 billion or 71.7 million shares of our common stock. This has reduced our shares outstanding by approximately 32% and reduced them to the level we last had almost a decade ago. This, while Quanta is now nearly four-times the revenues of our company back then, and while maintaining the current leverage profile of less than one turn of EBITDA. We would intent to use the remaining $50 million available under our 2015 program to repurchase additional shares opportunistically, depending on the overall capital needs of the company. In spite of the incremental project loss recorded during the first quarter, we continue to anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year to be between $1.30 and $1.50, and anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.61 to $1.81. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on the basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in our release. CapEx for all of 2016 should be approximately $200 million to $220 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2015 of $210 million. We expect to continue to maintain our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, positioning the company for continued internal growth and the ability to execute on strategic initiatives. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with the focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital and capital expenditure growth, and an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions, investments and repurchase of Quanta stock. Lastly, I worked closely with Jim throughout his entire 17-year career at Quanta, and we all want to thank him for his many and significant contributions. Through his years here he helped put in place much of the foundation that made this organization a success. He was a valued leader and we all wish him well. Jim and Duke forever worked as a team, such that for us, the transition to Duke as our CEO is natural, anticipated, and supported by our entire organization and we look forward to many successful years with his leadership. This concludes our formal presentation and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: We'll take our first question from Matt Duncan with Stephens. Your line is open.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: So the first question I've got is on the Oil and Gas segment. You guys obviously had a great bookings quarter there and I think if I heard you correctly you don't need any more bookings there to get to the midpoint of the revenue guide. But how are you expecting backlog to trend there over the balance of the year? Are you still seeing enough work that you think you can continue to grow that backlog level, even as you work off the high level of backlog you've got there now?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, Matt. This is Duke. I think, again, backlog, the way it takes us a while to negotiate some of these larger projects. So I don't want to comment on exactly when backlog will come in. It's a robust environment, bidding environment on large pipe, as well as other MSAs in the Gas segment. I think we will continue be opportunistic there and able to book work. I just don't know the timing on it as we move forward through the year.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. No worries. In Electrical, if you take out the Alaska charge, the $21.3 million, it looks like that margin would have been about 9.2% this quarter. That's the highest margin I think you would've had since the first quarter of 2014. So I'm just curious how you think it's going to trend from here over the balance of the year and what you guys have been doing on the cost side to try and get the margins back into your historical target range?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. From a trend perspective, I think what we look at is that, inclusive of the charge that you'd have margins kind of progressing through the year. You're right that the first quarter margins without that charge are higher. We had some actually good weather this quarter throughout, had very good production on a number of projects, transmission and distribution wise, so that did come in a little bit higher than what we would have thought or had expected for the first quarter. But, in general, we're going to stick with our overall 8% to 9% for the year because as we move forward through the year, we still have some of the pressure of lower contributions of large transmission work as compared to 2015.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yes. And also, Matt, the breakup in Canada in the second quarter is obviously something that we'll take into account. And the more pronounced Canadian economy being down will affect us there in the second quarter. So it will be more pronounced in the second quarter. But, again, our goal is to get the 10% to 12% range in the Electric Power segment over time.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, folks, and congrats on a decent quarter.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning, Tahira.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: First question, Duke, when I take all of what Derrick has said and put it together, it seems like potentially if things go as planned, your third quarter could probably be the strongest cash EPS quarter you've seen?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Tahira, I think that's correct. Again, there's the projects, and it's definitely in the later half depending on where the projects go. So, the third quarter, yes, it's setting up to be the biggest quarter.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then, Duke, you talked a little more about telecom and there was some other news that came out this morning. Can you elaborate on what you are seeing there that's really making you jump in? You just got out of the sector a bit back and now it seems you guys are interested again.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yes, Tahira, I don't really want to comment a lot about it other than to say what we said in our prepared remarks is that, we are in the business in Latin America and in Canada and stay that way. And so as far as the strategy going forward, we'll update you as we go forward. But in general, we're always optimistic around things – or in line adjacent to what we do, and that's certainly is something that's adjacent to our markets we serve in different areas. So, again, we'll – and as far as what was said, I really have no idea other than to say that there is a public statement out there that has our whole buy-sell agreement in a website. So everyone can turn to that to look at what it says.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move next to Dan Mannes with Avondale. Your line is open.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: First, Duke, congrats on the promotion.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Thank you.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Sure thing. And then secondly, first, on the Oil and Gas business, you guys booked some pretty good mainline work that it sounds like is heavily towards 2016. Can you contrast that booking with the guidance? Was there any thought – did this just fill the gap, or can you walk us through maybe your thought process on why maybe this didn't even push guidance a little bit higher? Or is that due to the Electric side?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Dan, if you recall, in our last conference call, we talked about we had anticipated some of these awards to come through to fill the gap, and this is actually the closure of that. So it did just effectively fill the gap. We have no uncommitted large diameter work in our current forecast as it relates to meeting the midpoint. And then some of these projects still get rolled over into 2017. I mean, only roughly a little over half of it is contributing to 2016. So, as it stands here today, we're not looking at doing anything from a guidance perspective. To a great extent, we continue to be cautious about how the timing of these projects would go. And mainly it's associated with potential delays, and we're definitely trying to take that in consideration overall relative to our expectations.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Makes sense.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: And again, we continue to look at work throughout 2016. We're not stopping from that standpoint. We continue to bid and negotiate and look at work in 2016. But, like Derrick said, that should fill up what we said we would do.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Got it. And then the follow-up question is really related to your capacity. Given the amount that you've already booked, how much room do you have to add more work, and if you can contrast that U.S. versus Canada, for the balance of 2016?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean, we have capacity, Dan. We're not at capacity on either side of it. Canada is probably softer than the lower 48 at this point in gas. But, we still have some room to book. We'll be cautious about how we go about it and where it's at. And again, the way the regulations are working with the state and federal getting involved in all these larger projects, we're pretty cognizant about how we talk about it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. I guess two questions. One just broadly on your margins assumption for 2016. If I look at Electric Power, you mentioned another award that you booked, which wasn't in the first quarter backlog. Your margins ex the project were again at the higher end of what you're targeting for the year. If I look at the Oil and Gas business, recognizing the first quarter margins were weak, but we expected that, the bookings that you put up in the quarter and what appears to will happen throughout the year are pretty good. I'm just trying to understand why margins couldn't potentially be higher, given the bookings that we have and the underlying profitability of the business. So is it still uncertain, while you've booked things, on timing? Is the pricing environment more competitive, so the stuff that we're booking is lower margin? I'm just trying to get a feel for why margins broadly couldn't potentially be higher, because the bookings are there, unless there's other projects that we're concerned about. And then my second question, Duke, is a question to you more strategically. Back to the telecom business, while you can't give us your exact plan, as you're refocusing on the telecom business, do we read that as potentially longer term or an 18-month, you're not as optimistic about the growth opportunities that the Electric Power or the Oil and Gas business can generate? I'm just trying to think, is this incremental or is this a diversification strategy because you see one of the other businesses sort of tapering out? Thank you.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yes. I'll take the last one first and just say, in general, we are always looking at adjacent markets and markets that our customers are driving us towards. So we feel like anything that we are going forward with would be an adjacent market or something that's strategic to us. We've stated many times that if we're going in something we think it has the ability to be a $1 billion business as we look long term. And again, anything you see us doing, that's where we're going. And we stated – we don't want to get too far on the strategy on any certain one of them, but that is certainly something that we are looking at to grow us into the future. As far as our end markets, our end markets that we're currently in today are robust. We are in the telecom market in Latin America and Canada, and it's a good market there as well. Our end markets today are robust and we're very happy with where we're at. And anything that we are doing on the outside of that is additive and adjacent and strategic to us as we grow the business out in the long term. And as far as what's in backlog and where that's at and our margins for the rest of the year, I'm going to let Derrick answer that.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Jamie, overall, more specifically, I'll start with Electric Power, we are seeing a lower margin profile, but it has nothing to do with the bidding environment or the way we are approaching bidding. I mean our margins in backlog from a bidding perspective are comparable to what you've seen in the past. What you've got, though, as we face the rest of 2016, you have a lower contribution of on larger transmission work. And those carry higher margins, so you have a higher complement of the smaller transmission work, which bears a little bit lower margin. And then in addition, the Canadian economy overall has put pressure on the margins on the electric side there and we are factoring that into our expectations for 2016. So it's not a pricing or a bidding environment for us, it's really just the kind of the complement of the work that's contributing to 2016 versus what you've seen in the recent past. Also actually you made reference to the project that we announced that is not in backlog. At this stage in the game that's also not in our expectations because it's not in backlog either at March 31, or in the second quarter. We've not place that project in backlog at all as of yet. And then still yet and relative to the pipeline side, we are mobilizing on a lot of jobs all at the same time here into the second and third quarter and to that end, that bears a degree of risk and we've tried to take that into consideration in our margin expectations. Mobilizing on that much work, you want to be prudent how you think about the execution profile of that. Lastly, as you mentioned, there is a degree of the timing of when that work falls. We try to be prudent with that, looking at how in the past we've had projects move from one quarter to another for some delays, inclusive of the fact that we anticipate some risk that projects could move, to a certain extent from 2016 into 2017, so we've tried to be prudent across both of those to take into consideration the environment we are working in.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go now to Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Your line is open.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. First, on the transmission market and addressing the shift in terms of the mix that you're seeing in terms of large versus small projects. When you look forward, when I look at the transmission market, it seems like we're starting to see fewer but larger projects out there on the horizon, and it also seems like there's a bit of a trend where some of the project developers are shifting or splitting up some of the larger projects into smaller pieces. As you look forward, do you think we're going to see a rebound in large project work or do you think that shift toward smaller project work is going to be around for a couple of years?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: As we look at the electric transmission market, we see the opportunity on these larger projects. They are there. How they go about executing them as far as from small to large, it's really customer driven. It's all over the place on that. So, again, we look at it on all sorts of ways as far as that goes. But our capital budgets, our core customers in the market and IOUs continue to grow. We continue to see demand in that market. And from our standpoint we see it long term. The transmission backbone is aging. The way you're bringing renewables on and the way you need to move power across the U.S., is certainly a demand for transmission. So, we'll take advantage of small or large. The projects are there. We are going to adhere to our bidding profiles that we have in the past, which we won't win them all. So again, I think there is risk to the projects, we take that into account when we're bidding this work. And so we won't win all these larger projects, but there is the opportunity for us to win our fair share. And we like the market as we go forward on the transmission side.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then in Oil and Gas, I think on the fourth quarter call, you talked a bit about the gathering and smaller project work that you're doing in the Marcellus being down maybe on the order of 50%. Can you talk about if that's tracking in line with your expectations and how you're thinking about gathering work moving forward? Have we essentially bottomed in that market yet?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, I mean, for the most part we participated in the gathering market in Canada and the Marcellus. So, we don't feel the major effects of all the shells being down. But for what we did do in the Marcellus, it is off some. But certainly offset by the larger diameter pipe moving gas through redundancy on your gas side as well as just moving it across Northeast. So – and in Canada, we do have some projects there moving gas as well. So, while it is off some, I think the larger diameter pipe offsets that.
Operator: Thank you. We will go now to Steve Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning and congrats, Duke.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: There were some big developments at Nalcor recently. Can you just talk about those two projects? Are you guys on track from a cost and timing perspective? How big a risk is there that your work is forced to slow down or maybe your inflow of cash payment gets kind of disrupted at all by the whole bore of rethink of the major projects there?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, Steve, we're well into the project. And so we have not seen anything on the ground there that would make us think that the project would be canceled or delayed. We continue – I mean the material is there, the right-of-way is certainly getting cleared as we go forward. So I don't see any kind of disruption on Nalcor. It is remote. There is a lot of press in Newfoundland. So, again, we are cognizant of that. We are working with the project team and also we will be working with the new CEO as he comes in to make sure that we are both on the same page. And as far as where we are at, we are comfortable with our estimates on the project.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And you mentioned Northern Pass and a few positive developments in transmission. I know you've talked about this a few times on the call already. But I guess just to what extent has your view of the revenue growth potential of the transmission business changed over the last, say, few months? Are you now more positive about this being a growth business over the next 12 months to 24 months? Are you the same, less so? How's your view on the transmission market changed just in the last few months?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: I think the need for transmission remains, both in the lower 48 and Canada, especially when you tie in renewables and you need the backbone of natural gas. So the need is there. How the projects get developed and how they get out and when, is the key to it. And I think we are following all those larger projects, as well as the underlying need for the smaller transmission coming off the backbone as well. It's there. It's just how also the economy affects some of that smaller transmission as well. So, you have to take all those things to account. But saying all that, I would say, we're optimistic that the end markets transmission will be back and the larger transmissions will be back as we go forward. If not, we will adjust our cost. And again, historically we can remain in the 10% to 12% range for the long term and we view it a long-term business and we will be in that range, long-term.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys. Just wanted to I guess talk a little bit more on Steve's earlier question about some of the Canadian projects. But you had the Fort McMurray West project with Adco that was – I guess was supposed to start sometime next year. With some of the softening in the Canadian market that you referred to, is that one still on track to start up, as well? What's the status of that $1 billion project?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yes, so we work with the ASO (48:05) there, who's our client on that project and we are meeting with them regularly, monthly, and we feel like the project is on track to go. It may expedite a little bit, but as far as we are concerned, it's on track and everything that they are telling us, there is a need for the reliability in Alberta. So, we will be getting started on that here later in the year or early 2017.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then there was an announcement of a fairly large privately-held pipeline company that actually filed for bankruptcy. Are you seeing stress from your competitors that maybe don't have the exposures that you have that are an opportunity for you to maybe move into some geographies where you weren't or maybe pick up some assets in M&A at a discount. I guess the question is, how much disruption is out there? Is this the first of many? Is this unusual? And what's the implication for your business?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yes, I don't want to comment on our competitors. Obviously that's in the marketplace and everyone knows kind of what's out there. What I will say is that the capital markets are there. We are talking to all of our customers about solutions. The risk of large diameter pipe is certainly evident in there and we understand that. When we acquired Price Gregory, we acquired them for that reason. Their expertise in large diameter pipe and the risk associated with it. We feel like we've got the very best management team you can get in that area and mitigated those risks and feel confident in our ability to execute on large pipeline projects. As far as the risk that others are willing to take, we can't control that.
Operator: Thank you. We will go now to Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital. Your line is open.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: On telecom, historically the margins there were a little bit – they were consistently lower than T&D. And I'm just wondering if versus four or five years ago, has the industry changed at all? Do you think you can generate higher margins there going forward?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Anything, any business that we do adjacently will take the margins into account and make sure that they're inherent with what we believe is appropriate for the risk we take as well as our capital. So, we'll take in those accounts when we look at any kind of markets we are in, so if we move into that market, we would look at those things before we moved.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And I wanted to ask on the transmission side; previously you've talked about FERC 1000 being a driver and maybe even a driver for projects, specifically in 2017. Is that still how you look at FERC 1000?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: What I would say about FERC 1000 is, in general, it gets a lot of press. It's more about just merchant transmission, I would say, and just to say that there's a lot of things going on within our industry around merchant transmission and whether they go or not is very difficult. We are around the edges on all those large transmission jobs. We are involved in them, we see them. But again, it's our core business we are focused on, on a day-to-day basis and driving margin to our core business and that's what we are focused on, while we are around the edges on all the rest and the markets are good with or without FERC 1000.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning guys. It's Alan Fleming on this morning, in for Andy. Duke, have you seen any change in the bidding environment in Oil and Gas over the last couple months, with the rise in oil prices, and has the tightening in the mainline industry had any impact on pricing or terms and conditions yet?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yes. I mean, so natural gas – what we're really seeing is in natural gas removing natural gas. And it doesn't have anything to do with the price of oil in our mind. For redundancy to export LNG in places, various things, Northeast, you're going to have to have backbone gas to support your renewable infrastructure, and so that gas, the movement of it, is going to be there. It's economical, and so we'll continue to see that movement. And as anything – when the market gets constrained at what you can do and the people that can do it, obviously the terms get better. We try to take a fair approach with the customer in good and bad times and negotiate a fair contract for us both and get the right kind of risk associated with it in any contract we look at. But we're in this for the long term. We're not trying to – we want to be in here forever, so again, we take that into account when we look at these contracts.
Alan Fleming - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Let me ask you a little bit of a bigger picture question. The Alaska power plant project has been a thorn in your side for several quarters now, it looks like it will stretch into 3Q. Maybe you can just talk about some of the lessons learned from that project and how it could impact what you plan to kind of do in moving the company forward. And how do you limit these types of issues from coming up in the future as you try to move into an adjacent market, and is fixed price power a business that you want to be in?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good question. From my standpoint, we're going to focus on our core and look at our core businesses, what we're really good at, which is people and equipment. When we look at these adjacent markets, I think we've done a nice job over time of being able to create value for our shareholders in these markets. We do have a one-off project, that's more than a thorn to me, but it feels like a stick. But we are going to get that straight up in Alaska; we feel like we've got that at the right, we're set there, so at the right outcome and also with the customer. What we're going to do on the Electric Power side is, we were in solar, we were looking at that and our customers, all of them are building some natural gas, so again adjacent market, our customer was driving us that way. We'll make sure that we negotiate good contracts when we look at those projects and have the right management team. We have brought in a seasoned management team here at Quanta on that project, so we're comfortable with where we're at there.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go now to Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Just wanted to push you a little bit on the large transmission projects; so bookings are pretty nicely in Electric Power during the quarter, but could you talk a little about what you're seeing in terms of mix of large versus small projects and then compare that to what you're seeing in revenue? I just want to understand what the trajectory is and how to think about the next 12 months to 18 months.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yes, again whether you look at it from a large standpoint or a small standpoint in transmission, we do see both kinds of projects all the time. It's more about the capital budgets in the transmission market of our customers, and all those capital budgets continue to be robust. And so whether it comes out in a big large project or one that's divided into three, the project itself and the need for transmission is still there. And we see both, we have large transmission in our backlog, such as the one in Canada. We continue to bid on projects such as the clean line Northeast clean RFP with Eversource. That's also something that we're looking at. If that goes, it changes the way the big versus small, but again, there will always be intermittency between big and small as we move forward. It's more about the whole capital budget and how we look at it internally. So we're focused on returning our core business in the Electric segment to the 10% to 12% with even small or large transmission.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And then just moving on to Canada. What are you expecting in terms of revenues in that end market? And how are you thinking about where utilization is? Do you think you need to do a little bit of restructuring there? And can you pull some of your assets over to the U.S. to support some of the mainline buildout there?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, as it stands, I'd say that Canadian revenues are probably going to be somewhere in the 15% to 20% range. They're down a little bit as compared to what you've seen in the past. And then relative to costs and efforts there, I mean, a larger portion of what we're looking at from a margin perspective is focused on the Canadian operations. And in fact through the latter part of 2015, the largest reductions in cost have come out of Canadian markets. So, we are very focused on ensuring that we'll be able to position that market to be comparable to, or complementary to, the efforts that we're taking to be able to get the margins back into the profile that Duke has spoken about. As far as the movement of people and equipment, we do look at that regularly back and forth between Canada and the U.S. It's all obviously very economic and market dependent and oftentimes job dependent. So we take advantage of that to the extent that we can, when the opportunity presents itself based upon the individual projects
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah. And I would say that geographically there's always cycles in the market and, by no means, the projects in Canada are there. It's just about when they come online or when we start bidding them. And we can't tell yet where that's at due to the regulatory environment there, but the demand to move both gas and product from east to west, and also if they look at some clean energy standards, you will see some dynamics go on with renewables there that will need transmission. So it's a robust bidding environment right now in Canada. But you just can't tell when it's going to move.
Operator: Thank you. We will go now to John Rogers with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open
John Bergstrom Rogers - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Hi. Thanks. Just a couple quick things to follow up on. Duke, in terms of the acquisition strategy at this point, you had a couple of small deals in the quarter, what's your thoughts on priorities here, especially given your look at the market? And then maybe does that include telecom out beyond 2017, or you probably don't want to talk about it at this point?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah. Our priority is to focus on our core business and to return our margins back to what we expect. But as we look out from an acquisition standpoint, we will be strategic in how we make them. Again, we don't necessarily have a footprint today of a list of people that we're out trying to get or some certain company that we are after to acquire. It's more about just finding adjacencies where we can leverage what we already have and make it much larger. And we're also looking at ways we can grow organically. It's not just about us looking at acquisitions or enhance our shareholder value, if we don't grow. So, all those things come into play when we're looking at our strategy.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Sure. But at this point, given how you look at the market, what the competitive landscape looks like, what your needs are, are there more opportunities interest in Oil and Gas versus transmission, or any thoughts there?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: No, again, we try to fill a strategic area if we make an acquisition through adjacencies or whatever it maybe. The customer is also asking us to do different things, so we look at that as well. So all those things come into play. But I would say in general, we watch how much acquisitions we make in one part of the business versus the other. We want to be – make sure that we are geographically as well as service line have a lot of variability in our service offerings.
Operator: Thank you. We will go now to William Bremer with Maxim Group. Your line is open.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Good morning, Duke, Derrick, and Kip.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Good morning.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Bill.
Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, Bill.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: First question, just give us a sense, if you can, on the amount of spreads that you'll be utilizing in the second and third quarter. First question. Second question. We've had a lot of weather issues in certain parts of the country, even subsequent to the quarter. Maybe give us a sense on what was the impact during the quarter and what you're seeing the potential impact in the second here. And finally, just an overall update and congrats on the announcement of the pipeline in Australia, but can you give us a little more granularity there?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah. So, let me take a little bit on the pipe. Again, we've said in the prepared remarks, we'd be on more projects than any time in 2010. I don't want to really get into spreads, because I think it's a loose term and I don't want to try to define that. But again, what we said is, we'll be on more projects any time besides 2010. So, it will be robust in the pipeline market. As far as again, there's some fires in Canada. I know everyone's seen that in the news. We're worried about our workforce right now and making sure everybody's safe, and they are and our customers, and make sure their employees are safe. So we reach out to them right now and try to get that, that's our first and foremost what we're after today and into the week. But I don't foresee that being an impact to us. It would be minor if it was in the second quarter. And I think the rest of it...
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: The third part was Australia
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Australia, we did pick up a line in Australia, a condensate line and so we're happy with that and our guys in Australia are executing on that as we speak.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Bill, I'll add a little bit from the second quarter, I mean we do have, as Duke mentioned earlier, Canadian breakup to deal with and so that will – and probably see a little bit lower margins in Electric Power side from first quarter to second quarter. But more broadly, and to the other weather impact, it's too soon to say as to how the aggregate projects move, but we'll be mindful of the weather relative to the overall margin expectation.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our final question today from Jeff Volshteyn with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Y. Volshteyn - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you for taking my question. Good morning. When you look at your recent projects that you won in the first quarter, can you share some color on kind of where they are located? Are they all mainline? How far along are they in their regulatory processes?
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: Yeah, in general, when we're talking about projects in guidance, we take into account most of the regulatory issues. So those have been taken into account. As far as where they're at, we're not going to get into the details of the projects at this point, other than to say that we think we'll be executing on them and we'll be on more mainline than we have since 2010, and we'll continue to say that. So, that's kind of where we're at on.
Jeffrey Y. Volshteyn - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And as a follow-up, just to clarify. So for 2016, I understand you don't have any uncommitted projects to get to the midpoint of your guidance. But how much of your 2016 revenues have you already won and you have in the backlog and under contract versus how much you still have to win to get to that midpoint?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Well, first a clarification that we have no uncommitted large pipeline projects. We do have uncommitted work in the Oil and Gas segment associated with the remaining portion of the business, the distribution work, integrity, things like that. But then to that end, I mean, if we have no uncommitted that means everything is currently in backlog that we would anticipate to execute on relative to the midpoint of our guidance on that large diameter pipe.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude our Q&A session today. I'd like to turn the call back to our management team for any closing remarks.
Earl C. Austin - President, Chief Executive Officer, COO & Director: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our first quarter 2016 conference call. I also want to thank my family for supporting me in the role and the guys that are with us on a daily basis out executing work. Thank you. Thank you for your interest in Quanta Services and this concludes our call.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co. Sangita Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Quanta Services' Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp. Please go ahead.
Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Sabrina, and welcome, everyone, to Quanta's conference call to review fourth quarter and full-year 2015 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information e-mailed to you when they occur, please sign up for e-mail information alerts by going to the Investors and Media section of the Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com. You can also access Quanta's latest earnings releases and other investor materials such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audiocasts, conference calls, and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations app, which is available for iPhone, iPad, and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. Additionally investors and others should note that while we announce material financial information and make other public disclosures of information regarding Quanta through SEC filings, press releases and public conference calls, we may also utilize social media to communicate this information. It's possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed material. Accordingly, we encourage investors and media and others interested in our company to follow Quanta and review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our website in the investors and media section. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next seven days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 24, 2016. And therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2014, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise, and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third-party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Kip, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Quanta Services' fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings conference call. I will start the call with a strategic and operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter results. Following Derrick's comments we welcome your questions. Our fourth quarter results, excluding unusual financial items, met our expectations, which I believe set the positive tempo as we close out what was a challenging year for the company and the overall industry. Many of the challenges we faced in 2015 resulted from factors outside of our control; such as the collapse in oil prices, and in particular its effect on the Canadian economy, several severe weather events, project delays due to a challenging permitting environment and a sudden shift in small transmission market dynamics, all of which impacted our topline margins and profitability. However, there were things we should have done better. For example, the unusual occurrence of a significant project loss we incurred on the combined cycle gas power plant we are building in Alaska. That said, we've booked significant mainline pipe backlog in 2015 and expect additional mainline awards this year, which should be a catalyst for profitable growth for Quanta in 2016. As we transition from a challenging 2015 into 2016, I believe, it is an appropriate time to review our strategies for long-term growth and competitive differentiation as well as discuss the near-term and longer-term drivers of the markets we serve. Though our end markets are experiencing some near-term challenges that create uncertainty, we believe uncertainty creates opportunity and we are actively pursuing strategic initiatives that we believe will lay the groundwork for success in the upcoming years. A unique, but critical driver of Quanta's success is the decentralized and entrepreneurial business model that Quanta embraces. Since Quanta's IPO in 1998, we have completed nearly 200 acquisitions through which we acquired some of the best operators in our industries and strategically expanded into different geographies and service offerings. As a result, we believe, we have acquired the best entrepreneurial leadership and the largest skilled workforce in the markets we serve, which is the heartbeat of Quanta Services and the key to our ongoing success. The combination of acquisitions and organic growth has allowed us to build a company with a comprehensive breadth of self-performed infrastructure solutions that we believe is unmatched in our industry. More than ever before our customers are seeking comprehensive solutions, safe project execution and cost certainty. With our scope and scale, industry-leading safety record, consistent project performance, as well as the largest specialized workforce in our industry, we believe Quanta is uniquely positioned to serve the expanding needs of our customers. Another important differentiator is that we have significantly enhanced our engineering and project management capabilities to capitalize on market trends in our industry that we believe are shifting toward an engineering, procurement and construction or EPC model. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation, in addition to our operational capabilities gives our customers the confidence that we can support their expanding needs. As we look ahead to 2016 and beyond, our blueprint for success is three-fold. First, we must continue to exceed customer expectations in our core business. Delivering projects safely, on-time, and on budget. Second, we intend to leverage our core business to expand in the complementary adjacent service lines and selectively expand into new geographies. This broadens the solutions we can offer our customers, provides growth opportunities and achieves operational diversity. And third, we expect to continue to be opportunistic and explore new service lines, where we can acquire our leadership position and grow shareholder value over the long-term. Both organic initiatives and our acquisition program will continue to play an important role in achieving our long-term strategic growth objectives. Now, I'd like to provide some near-term and longer-term color on our end markets and our segment expectations for this year. Last year was challenging for our Electric Power segment, and we expect some of those market headwinds to carry over into 2016. As a result, we expect Electric Power segment revenues may decline by low single digits in 2016 versus 2015. We will anticipate continued growth in sub-transmission and distribution work this year. We expect our volume of large transmission revenues to decline in 2016, particularly compared to the first half of 2015 as large project activity was fairly robust at that time. However, we believe large transmission project delays due to regulatory and permitting headwinds are temporary and that growth could resume in the second half of 2016, although timing is uncertain. That said, we continue to have a positive multiyear outlook for the large transmission market, based on the projects we have in backlog, as well as future opportunities we're aware of and pursuing today. With the exception of 2015, our Electric segment operating income margins have exceeded 10% in every year since 2008. Our 2016 guidance contemplates a range between 8% and 9% to reflect the current market challenges. We remain focused on returning this segment to historical operating income margin levels of at least 10%. We are in a complex fluid environment, where some of our markets are growing at record levels, while others are going through challenges. We are proactively addressing these challenges by adjusting our cost structure where appropriate, by making head count reductions and by shifting equipment and facility strategies to adjust to the current market environment. This management team is committed to returning margins to historical levels. However, we are mindful not to compromise our core capabilities. We remain ready to capitalize on the larger, more complex transmission opportunities that we are pursuing. That said, the end market drivers that underpin our positive multiyear outlook remain firmly in place. The North America power grid continues to age and reliability challenges continues to increase, despite the increased capital deployed into transmission and distribution upgrades during this decade. To that end, the C3 Group, an independent energy infrastructure and utility research organization estimates that $25 billion to $30 billion will be spent on transmission annually in North America through 2020. Despite the Supreme Court's recent ruling to stay the EPA's Clean Power Plan, the North America power grid generation mix continues to shift away from coal to more natural gas and renewables and new technologies are being deployed creating a more advanced power grid, all of which require great expansions and enhancements. As a result, many of our key customers have robust capital programs underway focused on upgrading and expanding transmission and distribution infrastructure in the coming years. Another longer-term driver of electric transmission is FERC Order 1000, though we did not expect the project delays resulting from our customers' adaptation to this newer regulation, we believe this is a short-term dynamic and expect FERC Order 1000 to drive significant incremental electric transmission investment in the future. We believe some of FERC Order 1000 transmission projects could be larger in scope and scale than what the industry has experienced over the past several years; but as we have stated in the past, we do not believe these programs will move to construction in a meaningful way until at least 2017. However, we have a strong base of large transmission projects in our backlog. The combined aggregate contract value of the Labrador Island Link HVdc transmission project and the Fort McMurray West transmission project alone is approximately $1.5 billion. At year-end, the Labrador Island Link HVdc transmission project was approximately 22% complete, and the Fort McMurray West transmission project isn't expected to start construction until 2017 and should finish in 2019. We also have numerous strategic alliances with several customers that have robust multiyear electric transmission investment programs. We believe our Oil and Gas segment outlook is also promising, as momentum continues to build, driven primarily by mainline and natural gas distribution and integrity markets. The mainline market is a very active environment and we expect significant mainline construction activity this year. So far in the first quarter we have either signed contracts or in the final stages of negotiations on approximately $400 million of additional mainline projects. We currently have two mainline projects both in Canada that commence construction late in the fourth quarter and we expect a significant number of mainline projects to begin constructions over the next several quarters. We expect most of the mainline activity over the next several years will be related to natural gas pipeline projects, driven primarily by coal to gas power generation switching and increasing demand from commercial and residential customers due to the low price and abundance of natural gas. The natural gas mainline programs fall under FERC jurisdiction and therefore many have had fewer state permitting issues and approval delays. We have observed permitting delays on several oil mainline projects. We recently had one project delayed indefinitely due to state permitting issues and we have subsequently removed this project from our year-end backlog. While an extended period of low oil prices could create challenges to mainline pipe projects, it is important to note that the delays we are seeing for oil mainline projects are predominantly due to extended state approval processes and not low oil prices. We continue to attract billions of dollars of additional mainline pipe projects and we now expect more project activity in 2017 and 2018 than we did previously. We are working with several key customers to ensure that they have adequate resources to accomplish their capital program objectives, and we will remain disciplined on pricing and contract terms. With respect to other key services we provide in the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration regulations should continue to drive opportunities in the natural gas distribution market as customer integrity programs continue to accelerate. Many of our customers are seeking expanded service offerings, where we can provide program management and construction capabilities over larger replacement programs. We have expanded our customer footprint in both Canada and the United States because of this and expect growth opportunities to continue for the next several years. We continue to expect challenges in areas of our business that are sensitive to the current low oil price environment, primarily in Australia, the Canadian oil sands and our offshore Gulf of Mexico operations. That said, we expect any incremental softness in these areas to be more than offset by the growth in mainline revenues this year and beyond. As a result of these growth opportunities, we believe our Oil and Gas segment revenues can grow in the low-teens to mid-teens range this year. Margins in our Oil and Gas segment have improved each year since 2007 with the exception of 2015. On our past conference calls, we have communicated to you that the proper complement of mainline pipe work and solid execution, we believe this segment should operate in the 9% to 12% operating income range, which we still believe to be true. However, our 2016 guidance reflects an operating income margin range for this segment of 5.5% to 7%. Several factors led us to project margins below the 9% operating range for this segment this year. First, the volume of midstream gathering work is forecasted to be down significantly this year, due to the reduced rig count in North America, a prolonged oil price environment and bottlenecks with moving natural gas from the Marcellus and Utica shales due to the lack of takeaway infrastructure are the primary cause. Midstream gathering work has been a recurring revenue base that augmented our mainline pipe workforce, while mainline activities were at low levels. Until our mainline pipe projects ramp into construction, we forecast that near-term segment margins could be pressured. Second, if mainline projects ramp up is expected this year, we will mobilize multiple spreads consisting of several thousand people and a complement of equipment in a very short period of time. We are being prudent with our margin expectations until these projects transitions, and are in full construction. Finally, while we expect our operations that are impacted by the low price of oil to be profitable this year, it will be difficult for these businesses to generate margins higher than mid-single-digits, which will affect our overall segment margins. We're aggressively taking steps to right size these operations to operate profitably in the current environment, which will be an ongoing process. As a result, we anticipate taking a $3 million to $4 million restructuring charge in the first quarter, which we have included in our 2016 guidance. In summary, while we have experienced challenges in 2015, we expect profitable growth in 2016. Largely from contributions from mainline pipe construction and the non-recurrence of the meaningful project losses we have in 2015. We believe the current dynamics impacting the Electric Power segment are short-term and we have significant projects in backlog and are also working with several customers on future large transmission project opportunities that will play out over a multiyear period. During my 17 years here at Quanta, I have been through several market down cycles and in each situation – whether the telecom meltdown in 2001 and 2002, or the financial crisis in 2008 to 2009, Quanta has emerged to stronger better company with improved competitive position within the industry. I expect the same result as we move through our current industry challenges. We continue to execute on strategies that position Quanta for both near-term and long-term growth and we are confident in our abilities to continue to deliver the customer-driven solutions that have made us the industry leader. As we close out 2015 with this call, I want to thank our employees, who I believe are the very best in the industry and are the primary reason we consistently differentiate ourselves from our competitors in an ever-changing market environment. With that, I'll turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review for our financial results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.9 billion for the fourth quarter of 2015 compared to $2.03 billion in the prior year's fourth quarter. Net loss from continuing operations attributable to common stock was $2.6 million or a loss of $0.02 per diluted share. These results compared to net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock of $60.4 million or $0.27 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2014. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, as presented in today's press release, was $0.30 for the fourth quarter of 2015 as compared to $0.48 for the fourth quarter of 2014. Our fourth quarter results were impacted by approximately $0.25 per diluted share of net impairment charges. These charges included asset impairments of $58.5 million or $0.27 per diluted share, primarily associated with goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges associated with lower forecasted oil and gas services revenues for our Gulf of Mexico operations and certain Australian operations, due to the extended low commodity price environment. These charges were partially offset by tax benefits of $4.2 million or $0.02 per diluted share, associated with the realization of a previously unrecognized deferred tax assets related to our investment in a foreign subsidiary. Also, net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the fourth quarter of 2014 was negatively impacted by a $30.3 million net of tax charge, or $0.14 per diluted share for a provision for long-term contract receivable associated with change orders on a 2012 electric power transmission project that were ultimately settled earlier this year. Net loss attributable to common stock for the fourth quarter of 2015 was $5.1 million, or a $0.03 loss per diluted share. This compares to net income attributable to common stock of $66.6 million, or $0.30 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2014. The decrease in consolidated revenues in the fourth quarter of 2015, as compared to the same quarter of last year was primarily due to a decrease in revenues from our large electric transmission and mainline projects, which were adversely impacted by reduced customer spending and delays in project timing due to regulatory and permitting issues. In addition, consolidated revenues were negatively impacted by approximately 2.5%, when compared to the fourth quarter of 2014, when quantifying the estimated impact of changes in foreign exchange rates between the quarters. Partially offsetting these decreases was the favorable impact of approximately $70 million in revenues generated by acquired companies, primarily in our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment. Our consolidated gross margin was 11.7% in the fourth quarter of 2015, as compared to 15.4% in the fourth quarter of 2014. This decrease was primarily a result of the negative impact of lower revenues from mainline and large electric transmission projects, both of which typically carry higher margins than certain other types of projects. Also impacting our gross margin for the quarter was $19.3 million of incremental project losses related to a power plant project in Alaska, which is expected to be completed in mid-2016. These incremental costs on the project were largely due to differences in build requirements versus the original engineering and we are pursuing specific engineering claims to recover a portion of these costs. However, the benefit of potential recovery on these claims has not yet been reflected in our estimates as of year-end. Selling, general and administrative expenses, as presented in this quarter's earnings release, were $151.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, reflecting a decrease of $3.2 million as compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. This decrease is primarily due to $6 million in lower salaries and benefits costs associated with the level of operations in 2015, partially offset by $3.5 million in higher professional fees. Selling, general and administrative expenses, as presented in this release, as a percentage of revenues, were 8% in the fourth quarter of 2015, as compared to 7.6% in the fourth quarter of 2014. This increase was primarily attributable to the decline in revenues and its negative impact on the absorption of consolidated overhead costs. To further discuss our segment results, Electric Power segment revenues were $1.29 billion, reflecting a decrease of $72.6 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 5.3%. Lower revenues were a result of reduced customer spending and delays in projects due to regulatory and permitting issues associated with large electric transmission projects. Foreign currency exchange rates also negatively impacted revenues in this segment by approximately $31 million for the fourth quarter of 2015. These negative factors were partially offset by the contribution of approximately $25 million in revenues from acquired companies, as well as increased activities from smaller transmission and distribution projects. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment decreased slightly to 6.8% in the fourth quarter of 2015 as compared to 7.4% in last year's fourth quarter. The decrease in margin was primarily due to the previously mentioned incremental loss recorded during the quarter on the power plant project, lower revenues from higher-margin large electric transmission projects, as well as a $6.6 million property and equipment impairment charge related to certain international renewable energy services operations. Although these items negatively impacted the operating margins for 4Q 2015 for comparative purposes, the fourth quarter 2014 was also impacted by the previously mentioned charge to a provision for long-term contract receivables. As of December 31, 2015, 12-month backlog for the Electric Power segment decreased 2.3%, and total backlog increased 1.2% when compared to September 30, 2015. The decrease in 12-month backlog was primarily due to burn on existing projects along with a negative impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Total backlog increased due to the inclusion of two Latin American telecom concession awards, as well as the estimated contribution to total backlog for the renewal of certain MSAs slightly offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Oil and Gas segment revenues decreased quarter-over-quarter by $55.8 million, or 8.4% to $607.8 million in 4Q 2015. This decrease was primarily due to the timing of when large mainline projects move to construction as well as reduced demand for certain of our oil and gas services due to lower oil prices and their impact on customer spending. Also, changes in foreign currency translation rates negatively impacted revenues contributed by our international operations in this segment by approximately $19 million. Partially offsetting these decreases were revenue contributions of approximately $45 million from acquired companies as well as increased revenues from distribution services. Operating income for the Oil and Gas segment, as a percentage of revenues, decreased to 3.9% in 4Q 2015 from 8.1% in 4Q 2014. This decrease in operating income is primarily due to a decline in mainline revenues, which typically yield higher margins as well as lower margins on those mainline projects actually under construction due to typical project variability. Also contributing to this decrease was lower demand for services associated with certain operations as a result of lower oil prices and permitting delays, which negatively impacted this segment's ability to cover fixed costs. 12-month backlog for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment decreased by $184.7 million, or 8.9%, and total backlog decreased to $336.9 million or 9.9%, when compared to September 30, 2015. These decreases were due to the removal of a mainline project from year-end backlog that Jim referenced in his prepared comments, burn on existing contracts, as well as the impact of foreign currency exchange rates between the periods. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $51.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 as compared to 4Q 2014, as a result of the $51.9 million charge associated with the previously mentioned goodwill and intangible asset impairments. Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations for the year-ended December 31, 2015 provided approximately $618.2 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $183.8 million resulting in approximately $434.4 million of free cash flow as compared to free cash flow of approximately $15 million for the year-ended December 31, 2014. The increase in cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations was partially due to decreased working capital requirements associated with a decrease in the number of large electric transmission jobs ramping up this year, as compared to last year; the receipt of approximately $87 million in a project prepayment for a project with production beginning in 2015; and the receipt of a $65 million cash payment for the Sunrise Powerlink project receivable in the first quarter of 2015. Also, cash flows related to discontinued operations for the fourth quarter of 2015 were negatively impacted by a payment of approximately $134 million associated with taxes payable from the gain on the sale of Sunesys. DSOs were 75 days at December 31, 2015 compared to 85 days at September 30, 2015 and 84 days at December 31, 2014. This decrease is primarily due to the impact at December 31, 2015 of the inclusion of the $87 million project prepayment discussed previously and strong collections in the fourth quarter of 2015. DSOs at December 31, 2014 were negatively impacted by the inclusion of the $65 million Sunrise Powerlink project receivable and the impact of acquisition and working capital balances late in the fourth quarter of 2014, for which there were no material corresponding fourth quarter revenues. Investing cash flows during the fourth quarter of 2015 were impacted by aggregate cash consideration paid of approximately $9 million, net of cash acquired, related to the closing of one acquisition in Canada during the quarter. Financing cash flows during the fourth quarter of 2015 came from net borrowings of $131.3 million under our credit facility, partially used to fund the repurchase of 3.6 million shares of our common stock for approximately $76.8 million. To recap our share repurchase activity, we repurchased a total of 59.3 million shares for a value of approximately $1.46 billion during the year-ended December 31, 2015. We've also paid $150 million under an accelerated share repurchase arrangement, the ASR, entered into on August 10, 2015 for shares expected to be delivered upon final settlement of the ASR in April of this year. At December 31, 2015, we had approximately $128.8 million in cash. At the end of the year, we had about $307 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding to secure our casualty insurance program and other contractual commitments, and we have $466.9 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. As previously announced, we increased our credit facility in December 2015 to $1.81 billion and extended the maturity to December 2020. Favorable market conditions allowed us to maintain competitive pricing and structure, including increased capacity to fund operations outside of the U.S. As such, we opportunistically amended the credit facility with the increasing commitments providing for approximately $1.16 billion of liquidity, as of December 31, 2015. Turning to guidance. Throughout 2015, we have evaluated whether or not providing quarterly earnings guidance is beneficial, given the short-term volatility that can occur due to the variability in project timing and other impact factors that impact earnings from period to period. As we move into 2016, we will only provide annual guidance and will adjust our expectations as we move through the year. For the year-ended 2016, we expect consolidated revenues to range between $7.5 billion and $8 billion. This range contemplates Electric Power segment revenues ranging from a decline of around 5% at the low-end of our guidance to year-over-year revenues in the segment remaining flat at the high-end of our estimates, with the remaining difference in revenues coming from growth in Oil and Gas segment. As it relates to seasonality, I would generally assume usual seasonality through the year, with the first quarter being the lowest with respect to revenues and margins. We would expect revenue and margin improvement sequentially in the second quarter; and again in the third quarter, with the third quarter being the strongest quarter of the year. I would assume revenues and margins in the fourth quarter fall somewhere between the second quarter and third quarter. Of note, we expect a more pronounced difference between the quarters of 2016 than we have experienced in recent years. The slowing of the Canadian economy, reduced activity in the Canadian oil sands and the timing of project starts has reduced the seasonal offsets or flattening that Canadian revenues have provided in the first quarter and second quarter over the past few years. This, coupled with lower and large electric transmission and mainline project revenues compared to the first quarter of last year causes us to estimate that our first quarter revenues could potentially decline up to 10%. On the other hand, we expect a sizable ramp in revenues in the third quarter as we expect a significant number of mainline projects to begin moving to construction in the second and third quarters of this year. For 2016, we believe margins will continue to be at levels lower than our historical expectations with Electric Power somewhere in the 8% to 9% range, and Oil and Gas margins between 5.5% and 7%. Jim commented in his prepared remarks, as to the primary factors affecting these margin estimates. In addition, largely due to ramp in revenues, I spoke of earlier, we expect margins to reflect a fair degree of seasonality with a more pronounced effect through the year in oil and gas, due largely due to the timing of mainline projects starts. Our markets remain in a fluid environment with some areas of our business growing and others having challenges. As it relates to recent actions taken by management to improve margins, we've made head count adjustments at our corporate office as well as various operating units, as further evidenced by the restructuring costs associated with our offshore operations expected in the first quarter. The shutdown of our Middle East operations, which led to the fourth quarter tax benefit, as well as the rightsizing of our international operations, which included the impairment of certain renewable energy assets in the fourth quarter. These are just a few examples of our focus on adjusting the business to return margins to our target levels. We would estimate that interest expense will be between $15 million and $20 million for 2016 and are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate for 2016 to be between 36.5% and 37.5%. Also our annual 2016 guidance reflects the current foreign exchange rate environment, continuing movement of foreign exchange rates in the future could make comparisons to prior periods difficult and cause actual financial results to differ from guidance. For purposes of calculated diluted earnings per share for the 12 months ended 2016, we are assuming 156.5 million weighted average shares outstanding. Our estimates include a projective reduction of approximately 10 million shares in April of 2016, which is the estimated settlement date of the ASR program and when final settlement of the required shares to be delivered is anticipated to take place. There are many factors that can influence our estimate of the final number of shares anticipated to be delivered under the ASR program, including an auction and further fluctuations in the stock price. We currently anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year to be between $1.30 and $1.50 and anticipate non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.58 and $1.78. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in our release. CapEx for all 2016 should be approximately $200 million to $220 million, this compares to CapEx for all of 2015 of $210 million. Despite the challenges we experienced in 2015, we have several significant accomplishments that financially position us well for the future. The sale of our fiber optic licensing operations unlocked significant value and generated significant after-tax proceeds. Along with these proceeds, we utilized record free cash flow and availability under our credit facility to repurchase nearly $1.5 billion of our common stock in 2015 and an additional $150 million has been paid under the ASR, which effectively recapitalize our balance sheet and improved our cost of capital. In addition, we increased the capacity and extended the maturity date of our senior secured revolving credit facility, increasing liquidity to assist in achieving strategic objectives that we believe will continue to generate shareholder value. We closed 11 acquisitions during 2015 for an aggregate consideration consisting of $110.4 million in cash and $10.1 million in securities, which enhance our Electric Power and Oil and Gas Infrastructure Service capabilities. We expect to continue to maintain our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility and be positioned for continued internal growth and to execute on strategic initiatives. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with the focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital and capital expenditure growth and an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions, investments and the repurchase of Quanta stock. This concludes our formal presentation. And we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take the first question from Dan Mannes from Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Hello. Can you hear me?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah, good morning, Dan.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Great. The first question relates to backlog in the Oil and Gas segment. Backlog obviously down sequential, if I rewind to the Q3 call, you guys talked about $1 billion worth of mainline opportunities that were in discussions. Now, you're talking about $400 million in backlog is down, so I'm wondering either did something – how material was the project that you removed alternatively were some of the things you were negotiating before they have been pushed out?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: I would characterize the environment, Dan, continues to be robust. There's still billions of dollars of pipe mainline opportunities that are out there that we're bidding. The project that we removed from backlog was sizable. I'm not going to quantify it, but it was a sizable project. And that did impact the fourth quarter backlog decline obviously in oil and gas. But with that said, I think it's just a short-term dynamic and I think backlog in that segment and quite frankly in both segments will continue to be strong going forward. We're going to have some seasonality baked in and some fluctuations that do occur, but some of the contracts are taking a little bit longer to negotiate, but we do expect the mainline backlog to continue to increase over time.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Got it. And then just switching over to the Electric segment, you talked about – maybe hope for an improvement in the second half. Is that based on large projects actually moving into construction in the second half? Or is that more a better bidding environment in the second half of 2016 on large projects leading to revenue in 2017?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: It's a little bit of both, Dan. We do expect to see more large project activity as we move into the second half of this year. We anticipate that. Although our visibility still isn't crystal clear. But, we do expect both backlog – the margin environment to improve and backlog – opportunities for backlog in large projects to improve as well.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Sounds good. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Okay. We'll now take the following question from Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you and congrats on a good quarter in a difficult environment.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Tahira.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Jim, first question is, can you give us an idea of how much you're expecting the shale business to fall-off. We are estimating in the model that we built for you something fairly dramatic. I would love to get a sense to just see how conservative or how balanced you're being there?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Most of our shale activity was in the Northeast in the Marcellus and in the Utica. The problem is, because the gas is trapped there is not enough takeaway capacity. There have been fewer wells being drilled, because they can't get the gas out. And so, subsequently there is less gathering work to be done. I do think that problem will take care of itself, once we start building takeaway capacity. But, we are expecting levels of gathering to be down significantly this year compared to what we've seen in the past few years. I would guess probably half the volume. But, the segment revenues should still grow, because we do think our LDC markets and our mainline markets will grow and make-up for that downturn. But, it does create some volatility and earnings in particular, when you haven't ramped up significantly in mainline...
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: ...so we were using – that was a good stable baseline of work that we were doing on gathering that was recurring revenue year-round. That's now at a lower level. So, it's going to have some impact on margins until we ramp-up on mainline in a meaningful way.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it, okay. And then on the transmission side Jim, you know, the optimism again and maybe I'm asking same question as Dan in a sense. But the ramp you expect potentially in the second half, let's say you don't see it. What would the variations from your current forecast be, if you assume no ramp, or no new large projects in the second half?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, let me just be clear, we have very little uncommitted for large transmission projects at the midpoint of our guidance.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Perfect.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: So, I mean, I think that's enough said there. I mean, I don't think we're getting too optimistic in our transmission forecast. When we say we expect it to ramp, qualitatively, that really isn't baked in at the midpoint of our guidance, because I don't have the visibility. If it does begin to ramp in, we do better than we expect. It'd be more toward the upper end of our guidance, but we're not betting on it right now...
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Perfect.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: ...because of our past history and trying to predict transmission. It's just difficult with the permitting challenges and so forth at this point in time to try to predict what's going to happen in the second half of the year.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then Derrick congrats again, Jim.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Okay. Thanks, Tahira.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please limit yourself to asking one question. The next question will come from Matt Duncan from Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Morning, Matt.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: So, Jim, the first question, I want to go back to the question about the project that was taken at backlog. I appreciate you guys don't want to size that for obvious reasons. So, let me ask you a little bit differently, would that segment's backlog has been down, had you not remove that project?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes. It would have been down.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then in terms of the funding constraints that we're all hearing and seeing on the MLP side, can you quantify the impact on you guys that you're anticipating within your guidance from some of the funding issues that may crop up in that midstream segment?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. I don't know if it's necessarily a funding issue. I think that the low price of oil has obviously been a headwind to – there is not as many wells being drilled. I mean, the rig count is down 75% throughout North America. And we've taken that into account on our guidance that we'll be doing less gathering going forward.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Matt, maybe, you should re-ask the question. I just didn't – I don't understand when you say funding.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Well, I mean, there is – the potential at MLP is just not going to have the money to spend. So...
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: I see.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: ...if you have money to spend on this kind of stuff, how much are you...
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: (46:54)?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: No, I understand. I think we've baked that in. I mean, obviously, that's something we're watching very closely. And most of our customers fortunately are well capitalized that have committed contracts, and these are larger pipeline players. But, no, that is certainly something that we are watching – credit risk on some of the MLPs – and we have certainly baked that into our guidance.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you for that clarification.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: And then a last thing, and I'll hop back into queue. Just on the Oil and Gas segment margin guide, I mean, you normally anticipate 9% to 12% there. Mainline work is the highest margin work you do there. That's the piece that's growing. Yet, the margin guide is 5.5% to 7%. So, I'm trying to better understand the drag on segment margins from the underutilization of people in other parts of your Oil and Gas segment versus how much you're anticipating the mainline margins to maybe be below what they normally are, as you ramp on some of these larger projects. And due to the uncertainty of permitting and timing and the carrying cost of your people and equipment in that mainline segment, can you just better help us understand how come we're seeing so much of a margin drag there?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: That's a good question. And because we don't have the level of gathering work going on at this point in time in the Canadian pipelines that we typically would see the level – I mean, we are building some pipeline in Canada right now, but the level of activity isn't – what it has been in the past – we're not at a ramp level now on mainline. So, the first half of the year will be a drag on margins. When we do have a full complement of mainline going in the second quarter or, particularly, in the third quarter, we should see us moving into that 9% to 12% range, if we execute. But for the full-year, we expect it to be a drag, primarily, because of the lack of gathering work that we've done over the last several years. And also, we've got about 15% of our business that has been impacted directly by oil prices where we have operations that will be generating – we expect them to generate positive margins, but certainly nowhere near that 9% to 12% range. And the area is impacted by oil and gas. So, when you look at the entire segment and the dynamics that are occurring today, we feel like it will be challenging to be in that 9% range. But that is our expectation long-term, and we're going to continue to make adjustments and certainly if mainline takes off like we expect in the next several years, we do think it's possible to get into that range at some point in time. But this year is going to be challenging.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the color, Jim. That helps.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah.
Operator: Right. Ladies and gentlemen, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. The next question will come from (sic) Noelle Dilts, Stifel, Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Noelle.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. You talked about moving into adjacent markets and taking advantage of the turmoil in the markets to some extent. Just want to understand, is this a meaningful shift in your acquisition strategy? That's one question. Are you looking at staying within these energy-focused industries or do you look to move outside of that? Just give us a feel for what you're thinking and then also maybe touch on, if you're still looking at smaller bolt-on acquisitions or would maybe look at doing something larger?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Right now, our strategy is to do the bolt-ons in adjacent markets in our energy segments. That's what we've been focused on the last couple of years, building, for example, our engineering and material management capabilities in the both Oil and Gas and in the Electric segments. We've moved into areas like storage, made a small bolt-on acquisition in the storage space. So, those are more adjacencies to help expand our customer solutions across the spectrum of what we can do. We're concentrating on our base business and execution right now. That's the most important thing. And then certainly, we've done some bolt-on acquisitions in the last couple of years. I expect that to continue. But, I wouldn't count out doing – and again this is not our focus right now, but we do continue to look at opportunities in other areas, if that makes sense. And we're not going to make any big bad acquisition that's not my intent, but certainly if there's opportunities to move into other areas, we will. For example, in Latin America, we've been focused on expanding our telecom operations. And we should do about $300 million there this year. And so, that's an important growth opportunity for us and that's an example of branching out into new areas.
Operator: And we'll now take the next question from William Bremer from Maxim Group. Please go ahead.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Morning, Bill.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Morning, Bill.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Hey, Jim, can you give us maybe an update on what you're seeing on the downstream market? You touched upon midstream, what do you see in there in downstream? And secondly one for you Derrick, you called out $3 million to $4 million of restructuring for the first quarter, what's the game plan for full 2016? And how do you right-size, I guess, Quanta overall here as, if we stay in this stagnantation type of level for quite some time now?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah, I'll go first. I mean the downstream market right now is extremely bullish – we're extremely bullish on them. I mean we've been green-fielding operations in the Houston ship channel and the refinery and petro-chem area and that business has been growing nicely for us. It's not anything material to the total company, but it's certainly a nice growth area for us. And the business is going very strong right now. Obviously, with the refineries many of them operating at peak capacity and having expansion plans and at a very minimum, they are refurbishing and upgrading their existing facilities. So, we're doing really well there and we continue to see that as a growth area for us.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Relative to the cost, I mean, our efforts to right size costs are generally continuous, and so you rarely see us come through and have an aggregate restructuring type item. We've called that out relative to the first quarter. Not having any other forecast of other restructuring through the end of the year, doesn't mean that we're not trying to look at it from addressing those costs, but we're not looking at as it stands here today as having something that is a sizable overall restructuring. We still are positioning ourselves relative to our multiyear outlook. We have a number of initiatives that's going on, in our mind that are to support the long-term growth of the company. And from a timing perspective, as it stands, as Jim mentioned, from what we see relative to the contributions of mainline in the third quarter and fourth quarter as well as the potential dynamics of evaluating what the market looks like in the last half of the year for a large transmission, we're still situating ourselves to support those aspects of the market as it stands today.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Okay, gentlemen. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. We'll now take the next question from Andrew Kaplowitz from (sic) Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning, guys.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Morning.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Jim, you've talked about the expectation for low-teens to mid-teens revenue growth in 2015 in the Oil and Gas business. And while your total Oil and Gas backlog is still up in double-digit nicely, your 12-month backlog given. So, could you talk about your conviction in this kind of growth in 2016? And how dependent is your revenue forecast I mean on projects that aren't booked yet?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: We had a hard time with the caller here. It's breaking up. I think the question was my conviction on Oil and Gas segment in the backlog and I would – go ahead, I can hear you better now. Please repeat the question.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. It's very simply that how dependent is your revenue forecast in Oil and Gas based on mainline projects that aren't in backlog yet?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: We've got – in our forecast on mainline, I would say, that with the projects that we have at backlog at year-end, plus the projects that I mentioned that we have either signed or that we are negotiating – in the final stages of negotiating right now, that that would be the midpoint of our guidance and we have put some hedge in there for some project slippage as well.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: If that was your question?
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, that was the question. And so, let me just ask you about the pricing environment, especially in Canada. One of the concerns we have is that, even the competitive environment has been leading to contractors bidding on projects with less favorable terms. How, Jim, is that a concern, again, especially in Canada right now?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. I would say that on the – the pipeline side right now, nothing has changed if anything, it's a better environment for us, because we are still in the strategic alliances that are more risk sharing agreements that are longer-term, where the customer is wanting us to meet their resource needs over a multi-year period. And that tends to be a more teaming type approach on the contracts and not a bid and buy situation at year-end when it's a one-off project. So, I would say, there's been no change in the overall approach to contract and all the risks that we're willing to take in this environment, even in Canada, because there's so much pipeline work to be built going forward.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And the same, electric transmission, Jim?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Electric transmission, I would say, there's – yeah, I mean, it's more challenging in Canada right now, because there's fewer projects out there. So, it just is a more challenging environment. Canada is a challenge right now, but we do think that it will recover, but it's going to be a difficult 2016 in Canada.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from John Rogers from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Hi. Good morning.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Morning, John.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Morning, John.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning. Jim, just back on the pipeline business for a second, the improvement that you're expecting, both in bookings and margins into the second half, how much oil work is in those assumptions, or is it all gas? And give us a little color there.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: It's not all gas, but it certainly predominantly gas. And most of it frankly is moving gas in the Midwest and Northeast markets and in Eastern Canada. And we're also in the – we're along the eastern seaboard, in general. So, not to say, there's projects in the Southeast as well. So, it's mostly natural gas, I would say probably two-thirds to maybe three-quarters. I think that would probably the breakdown.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And the – I mean, there's a lot of reports about a number of these big projects going forward. But, we haven't yet seen a lot of contract awards, but we're seeing schedules that they're expected to start up by May, June of this year. When do these projects have to go into contract to meet those schedules?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I mean, when the projects can move quickly to construction once contracts are signed. Projects can move quickly to construction once contracts are signed. And I don't think you're going to get a lot of pre-notification. It's just, I think – I mean, I just don't think there's going to be a lot of talk about what projects we're looking at and what the opportunity is, until we actually sign a contract and move to construction. So, it's not unusual, I've been hearing about a lot of projects moving, but you don't hear a lot from contractors about those projects until they move to construction. That's the approach we're going to take. But, certainly there are several projects that we are working on, that we've been awarded, that we plan on moving to construction on in the second quarter and third quarter, in particular.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take the next question from Jeff Volshteyn from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sangita Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: This is Sangita for Jeff. My question is about the Gulf of Mexico impairment charge that you took in the fourth quarter. Can you tell us, if you would need to take another charge in 2016, let's say, if oil prices stayed at $30? And also about your Alaska power project, if you think you booked most of the loss that you need to or can we see more of it in 2016? Thanks.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: I'll tell you that when we looked at our forecast in the area – for the companies in the areas that are impacted by oil and gas. At our midpoint, we took oil prices that are in the current environment, we didn't take the models from any of these third-party firms, let's say, oil is going to be at $40 by the end of the year. So, we're saying our base case is, this current environment extended. So, I hope we don't have to take – I think we're hopefully done with the impairments, because we feel like we're right sized in our forecast or geared toward the current environment that we live in today extended over a longer period of time. And then the second question?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, relative to the MLP, I'll add just a bit of color also to Jim's comment that is, when we evaluated our impairments, we didn't look at it as a base case; but at the same time, we looked at various scenarios including low cases and we waited those things accordingly to ensure that we had adequately taken into consideration potential volatility in this space. And then as well as relative to MLP, we have gone through and like we do at every period when it comes to looking at revenue recognition and try to go through and look at what our estimates to complete are based upon what we believe is the probable outcome. And so, as we sit here today, we have gone through and done a bottoms-up approach; and from that end, we believe that as we sit here that we have booked everything, it was a probable loss on that project as of year-end.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: A little more color on MLP, I mean if there was some unforeseen conditions that required some engineering and scope changes, and we do feel that we have a good case to pursue, we are covered for a significant amount of that. Certainly, the most important thing right now is to get that project completed and it's scheduled to complete in the second quarter of this year.
Sangita Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Can I ask a follow-up on free cash flow and your potential use for that? If you plan, if you have a share buyback program beyond your ASR for the rest of the year, or if you plan to hold on to your free cash flow for acquisitions?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, actually, we have a fairly limited amount available under our current program based upon stock repurchases we made for 2015, we only have about $50 million remaining under our current program. If we were to pursue anything relative to additional repurchases, we will need to have further board authorization which we do not have as we stand here today. When we look at free cash flow for 2016, I do expect to have a fair amount of draws of working capital to support the growth as we go into the second quarter and third quarter that Jim has spoken to. So, I actually would tell you that I would expect to have a very limited free cash flow into the first portion of this year and it all basically dependent upon how the fourth quarter goes from seasonality, because again, most of it would be there to support the overall growth.
Sangita Jain - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. I guess a couple questions. One, I guess, I'm still trying to reconcile the margin guidance for E&P for 2016 versus 2015. If you take out the noise that you had in 2015 and assume a more normalized margin, 2016 I guess, just seems late to me. So, can you just help me understand what you're assuming in terms of large transmission mix in 2016 versus 2015, or is it more competitive pressures? And then, I guess, the follow-up would be, Derrick, I think or Jim, last quarter you guys talked about, if you didn't see business picking up, you could take a – you would be a little more assertive on the cost cutting front; and in a sub-optimal topline market, you could sort of get to the 10% margin, what would you need to see to be more aggressive on the cost cutting side to improve margins? Like if those large transmission projects don't pick up in the back half of the year like you are expecting, should we expect restructuring? And at what point would you take those projects out of backlog?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Jamie, that's a good question. And we will continue, we have and we'll continue to make adjustments. And yeah, I mean, if transmission doesn't materialize in the second half, we expect margins to continue over time to get back to the 10% range. I mean Canada is a big issue right now. Canada is challenged. We do have less big projects going on right now, especially compared to the first half of last year. And in the mix of smaller projects, the larger projects are certainly back to levels that we had in 2010. With that said, we have significant amount of transmission in backlog that we will need to execute on in 2017. We have to maintain some of our core capabilities and not be shortsighted. We've got that large project, the (67:15) project that we've got to execute on, the concession move we won in Alberta; and again, we're very early still on the (67:26) and we expect other awards to come out that will be sizable in the coming years. And so, I don't want to be shortsighted and cut all of our capabilities, but we do have a sense of urgency to return margins to historical levels. And we'll continue to make necessary adjustments, we have, and we'll continue to make necessary adjustments to improve margins over time.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take the following question from Vishal Shah from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. This is Chad Dillard on for Vishal.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. So, if I take your 12 months backlog and compare it to the midpoint where you've got to get about $2.5 billion that needs to be booked. So, I was just curious to get your sense on like what sort of – like when would you need to actually book these projects to hit your guidance?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I mean, I don't think there's any one answer to that. I mean I think we book backlog every day. And we've taken that into account when we evaluate our own committed business and everything that we do. The day-to-day book and burn work and the large spot project environment. I think one of the key things that I mentioned today is that on your more volatile projects, where backlog is – you have the less visibility on backlog or your larger projects and we've assumed very little uncommitted electric transmission large projects at the midpoint of our guidance and we're comfortable that we have on the mainline guidance at the midpoint that we have the work booked or either in 12-month backlog, recently booked in the first quarter or that we're in final negotiations on projects and that's your midpoint. And so, I think the other work is really book and burn work in areas of our business that have been accelerating over the last several years and we don't expect any change in the sub-transmission business or electric distribution and our LDC business. All of that, it equates to probably half of our consolidated revenues and that businesses continues to accelerate and that's your day-to-day work that you probably have less committed, but you book that every day and that momentum continues as well.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. And how should we think about operating cash flow in 2016? Can you just talk about what contributions from working capital you do expect as well as any advanced payments that we should be aware of?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, my earlier commentary I think was that based upon the fact that we do have such a seasonable ramp; we do think we'll have the draw of capital out of the business to support that growth. I think that you'll see the levels of debt continuing to increase on average balances between the first quarter into the second quarter, and into the third quarter, as we set up to fund the working capital that would be required to maintain that growth. Fourth quarter is going to be highly dependent. I mean, it's normal seasonality that sets the fourth quarter would roll down some and would, therefore, be a strong cash flow period much like you saw in the fourth quarter of this year. But the timing of when that can happen is very difficult to predict. I do believe that ultimately we'll have free cash flow, but I think you'll see most of it being very backend loaded and highly seasonality dependent.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take the last question from Justin Hauke from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Thanks for squeezing me in here. I guess, the parting question would be – the commentary on oil and gas, I mean, we've talked a lot about 2016. It sounds like the guidance is mostly supported by the backlog you already have plus the bookings in the first quarter. I guess, I'm thinking, longer-term, as we look into 2017, I mean, how dependent is growth in that business on production levels? And the reason why I ask is, we see a lot of reports that show at the current production levels that there is not a lot of need for incremental pipeline in most of the shales, and we've got natural gas storage kind of at-capacity here. So, I mean, is that a business that can continue to grow after 2016?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes. I mean, I think, we will continue to book backlog. The takeaway capacity is needed, whether it's oil or natural gas. There's some markets that you hear that they don't need pipeline, I can certainly understand that in some of your liquid play shales. But we have customers that have a need to move liquids out of regions to either refining centers or load centers. And in this environment, it actually reduces the cost, because they cannot move enough product by pipe, it's stranded, they're having to move it by rail, and rail looks really costly right now in this environment. So, both liquid – there's a need for liquid and natural gas takeaway capacity and you will continue to see backlog grow in those areas.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): So, I guess the takeaway is, even if we see aggregate production levels come down, pipeline capacity can still grow?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: In certain regions you'll see pipeline capacity grow...
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: ...or the needs for pipeline capacity, right from the Canadian oil sands, there is a desperate need to build takeaway capacity by our customers.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: All right. Well, thank you. I'd like to thank you all for participating in our fourth quarter 2015 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. And this concludes our call for today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference call for today. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co. Min Chung Cho - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Ben E. Xiao - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Vish B. Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets Jeffrey Y. Volshteyn - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Please stand by, we're about to begin. Good day, and welcome to today's Quanta Services' Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, it's my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host for today's call, Kip Rupp. Please go ahead.
Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, Jason, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services' conference call to review third quarter 2015 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information e-mailed to you when they occur, please sign up for e-mail information alerts by going to the Investors and Media section of the Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com. You can also access Quanta's latest earnings release and other investor materials such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audiocasts, conference calls, and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations app, which is available for iPhone, iPad, and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next seven days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 5, 2015. And therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise, and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Kip, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Quanta Services' third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. I will start the call with an operational overview, before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide a detailed review of our third quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we will welcome your questions. The third quarter results that were reported this morning were consistent with the revised and preliminary expectations that were announced on October 16. While our results for the third quarter and first nine months of this year had been below our expectations, we expect improved financial performance in 2016, largely due to record backlog at the end of the third quarter, primarily driven by mainline pipe project additions. Before I provide additional commentary on 2016, I will start with some color about our third quarter results and fourth quarter expectations. There were several factors that adversely affected our third quarter results, the most impactful of which was the margin pressure in the Electric Power segment. As we discussed last quarter, large transmission projects in the United States and Canada have experienced significant delays. These delays have led to increasingly competitive smaller transmission market because of excess transmission construction resources in the industry. We believe some competitors are more aggressively pursuing work volume to absorb fixed cost. We underestimated the impact of this dynamic on our ability to secure additional work to efficiently transition resources from larger projects to smaller projects. Because much of the smaller transmission work is book-and-burn, and may not hit backlog, this dynamic had a larger impact and is geographically broader than we anticipated. Additionally, the mix of transmission work has shifted to a greater percentage of smaller projects. Production on smaller projects is less efficient than large projects due to the lack of resource continuity as people and equipment are frequently immobilized from project to project, resulting in margin pressures. While we believe that these factors will continue into the fourth quarter, and likely into some portion of next year, we believe the delay in large transmission projects is temporary, as a number of large projects are awaiting permits and other approvals, including some included in current backlog. Therefore, we have maintained a portion of our large transmission workforce and equipment in an underutilized capacity to ensure that we are strategically positioned to deliver on larger, more complex electric transmission projects when they move forward. This management team and our operating unit leadership have a sense of urgency to return the electric power segment to acceptable margin levels. We have a track record going back to 2008, when segment revenues were less than half of current revenues, of operating this segment above a 10% operating margin, and we believe we can return the segment to a 10% or better operating margin in the future. However, market dynamics are fluid and we will not be shortsighted with our strategic decisions. In the near term, we are focused on managing our business to the current environment, while striking a balance between improving margins and maintaining an appropriate level of resources to respond to opportunities when large transmission programs move to construction in the future. We will not hinder our ability to serve our customers on the larger, more complex projects as Quanta clearly differentiates itself from the competition in this market. We have visibility on several sizeable electric transmission opportunities, or are in active discussions with several customers regarding these projects. Our oil and gas segment revenues came in ahead of our internal projections, but our margins were softer than previously forecasted. This was primarily due to higher-than-expected cost. We are seeking change orders to offset some of these costs, which are not reflected in our results. Margins were also impacted by revenue mix, with less mainline margin contribution primarily due to project start delays. On a positive note, oil and gas segment backlog increased to record levels, growing 34% over the third quarter of last year and up 19% sequentially, primarily from mainline pipe project additions. Now I will provide color on our end markets and some preliminary thoughts on 2016. We currently intend to update our expectations and provide additional details regarding our 2016 outlook on our fourth quarter earnings call in February of next year. While 2015 has been a challenging year for our Electric Power segment, the end-market drivers that underpin our positive multi-year outlook remained firmly in place. The North America power grid is aging and reliability challenges are increasing. There are regulations in effect that encouraged transmission and distribution spending. The North America power generation mix continues to shift away from coal to more natural gas and renewables, and new technologies are being implemented for a more advanced power grid, all of which require grid expansions and enhancements. In addition, most of our key customers have significant capital deployment programs focused on upgrading and expanding transmission and distribution infrastructure in the coming years. In fact, according to the Edison Electric Institute, by 2030, the U.S. electric utility industry would need to make a total infrastructure investment of as much as $2 trillion, illustrating that solving the North America power grid's challenges could take decades. However, this market is also experiencing headwinds. As discussed previously, regulatory delays are a challenge as projects become larger and more complex, with the vast majority of planned projects located in densely populated areas. Also, an unexpected outcome of the implementation of FERC Order 1000 is that it is causing many of our customers to shift their strategies in some areas, resulting in project delays as they adapt to this new environment. We believe this is a short-term dynamic and expect FERC Order 1000 to drive significant incremental electric transmission investment in the future, as transmission programs are built for improved regional interconnection, and to move power between geographically distant markets. As a result, we believe some FERC Order 1000 transmission projects could be larger in scope and scale than what the industry has experienced over the past several years. As discussed on prior calls, while these dynamics create near-term timing challenges, we believe Quanta's scope, scale, balance sheet and track record of safely executing large transmission projects positions us well for these significant opportunities as the market adjusts to the current environment. From a market perspective, we expect continued growth in small and medium transmission and distribution investment in 2016. We believe large transmission project delays are temporary, and that the project awards could occur sometime in 2016, though timing is uncertain. That said, we have a positive multiyear outlook for the large transmission market based on the projects we are aware of today. Over the next three years, we are tracking large transmission projects with an estimated aggregate contract value of up to $12 billion, which does not include the potential of FERC Order 1000-driven projects. Further, recent reports from the Edison Electric Institute and the C3 group expect growth in transmission spending for the next couple of years, with transmission spending remaining at historical high levels through 2020. I would note that transmission spending data in these reports have regularly been revised upward in the past. We have a strong base of large transmission projects and strategic alliances with several customers that have large multiyear electric transmission investment programs. For example, the combined aggregate contract value of the Labrador Island Link HVdc transmission project and the Fort McMurray West transmission projects exceeds $1.5 billion. At quarter-end, the Labrador Island Link HVdc transmission project was approximately 15% complete, and the Ford McMurray West transmission project isn't expected to start construction until 2017 and should finish in 2019. Our Oil and Gas segment has been building backlog momentum with sizable pipeline project awards this year, such as the Maurepas Pipeline project for SemGroup, package A of the Norlite Pipeline Project for Enbridge, and the recently announced REX Zone Three Capacity Enhancement Program for Rockies Express Pipeline. The aggregate contract value of these three projects exceeds $1 billion, and we expect the majority of the revenues from these projects to be generated in 2016. As we shift resources to execute on mainline pipe projects, we would expect a revenue mix shift to occur, where our mainline revenues increase and our midstream gathering revenues soften as we shift certain critical resources to support mainline projects. Also, on our second quarter call in August, I mentioned that we were close to booking approximately $1 billion of mainline work. Since that call, we have booked nearly $800 million of additional mainline pipeline projects into third quarter backlog, most of which is scheduled to move to construction at some point in 2016. In addition, we are bidding or negotiating billions of dollars of additional mainline pipe project opportunities, and expect sizable awards in the coming months. With the regulatory delays we have seen recently with the mainline pipe projects, we are hesitant to speak with certainty regarding exactly when these projects will move to construction. However, if the mainline projects that are already in backlog, plus those that are in final stages of contract negotiations, move into construction as planned, we believe we could see significantly increase in our mainline revenue contribution to the segment in 2016. With respect to other key services we provide in our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment, our natural gas distribution and integrity work has been growing nicely this year. We believe end-market drivers and trends provide us with opportunity to grow this part of our operations next year as well. We will continue to experience challenges in areas of our business that are impacted by the current low-priced oil environment, primarily in Australia, the Canadian oil sands, and our offshore Gulf of Mexico operation. That said, any incremental softness in these areas should be more than offset by growth in mainline revenues next year. In summary, while we have experienced challenges in 2015, we expect improvement in our 2016 financial performance, largely from contributions from mainline pipe construction. We do believe the current dynamics impacting the Electric Power segment are short term, as we are working with several customers on future large transmission opportunities. Further, we have purchased nearly $1.5 billion of stock year-to-date, which demonstrates our confidence in Quanta's long-term growth prospects. We continue to execute on our strategies that position Quanta for both near- and long-term growth, and are confident in our ability to execute and deliver customer-driven solutions that have made us the industry leader that we are today. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our financial results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today we announced revenues of $1.94 billion for the third quarter of 2015, compared to $2.15 billion in the prior year's third quarter. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock was $43.2 million or $0.23 per diluted share. These results compared to net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock of $87.9 million or $0.40 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2014. Net income attributable to common stock for the third quarter of 2014 was negatively impacted by a $32.3 million net-of-tax charge, or $0.15, to provision for long-term contract receivables associated with change orders on the 2012 Electric Power transmission project that were ultimately settled earlier this year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, as presented in today's press release, was $0.30 for the third quarter of 2015, as compared to $0.58 for the third quarter of 2014. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $216.4 million or $1.15 per diluted share. This compares to $94.6 million or $0.43 per diluted share in the third quarter of last year. Included in net income attributable for common stock and net income from discontinued operations for the third quarter of 2015 was an approximate $171 million net gain, or $0.91 per diluted share, associated with the sale of our fiber optic licensing operations, which was completed on August 4, 2015 and resulted in net after-tax proceeds of approximately $848 million. The decrease in consolidated revenues in the third quarter of 2015 as compared to the same quarter last year is primarily due to a decrease in revenues from our large electric transmission and mainline pipe project, which were adversely impacted by reduced customer spending and delays in project timing due to regulatory and permitting issues. In addition, consolidated revenues and earnings were negatively impacted by approximately 3% when compared to the third quarter of last year when quantifying the estimated impact of changes in foreign exchange rates between the quarters. Partially offsetting these decreases was the favorable impact of approximately $85 million in revenues generated by companies acquired since the end of the third quarter of 2014, primarily in our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment. Our consolidated gross margin was 12.1% in the third quarter of 2015, as compared to 15.7% in the third quarter 2014, primarily as a result of the negative impact of lower revenues from large electric transmission projects and mainline transmission revenues, both of which typically carry higher margin. Selling, general and administrative expenses, as presented in this quarter's earnings release, were $145.7 million in the third quarter of 2015, reflecting an increase of $1.7 million as compared to prior year's third quarter. This increase was primarily due to $4.9 million in incremental G&A costs associated with acquired companies, and $2.1 million in higher non-cash stock-based compensation associated with (18:28) and company-wide long-term incentive programs, partially offset by $6.3 million in lower salaries and benefits costs associated with current levels of operations. Selling, general and administrative expenses, as presented in this release, as a percentage of revenues, were 7.5% in the third quarter of 2015, as compared to 6.7% in the third quarter of 2014. This increase was primarily attributable to the decline in revenues and its negative impact on the absorption of consolidated overhead costs. To further discuss our segment results, Electric Power revenues were $1.18 billion, reflecting a decrease of $213 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 15.3%. Lower revenues were a result of reduced customer spending and delays in projects due to regulatory and permitting issues associated with large electric transmission projects, and normal fluctuations in project timing as certain larger projects that were ongoing in the three months ended September 30, 2014 were at or near completion in the three months ended September 30, 2015. Foreign currency exchange rates also negatively impacted revenues in this segment by approximately $40 million, and there was a $12.6 million decrease in emergency restoration services revenues to $20.9 million for the third quarter of 2015. These negative factors were partially offset by the contribution of approximately $20 million in revenues in companies acquired since the third quarter of last year, as well as increased activity from smaller transmission and distribution projects. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment decreased to 6.5% in the third quarter of 2015 as compared to 7.5% of last year's third quarter. The decrease in margin was primarily due to lower revenues from higher-margin large electric transmission projects and the resulting greater percentage of revenues from small transmission projects, which typically have a lower-margin profile. Partially offsetting the decrease was the impact of lower general and administrative expenses associated with reduced compensation cost during the third quarter of 2015 as compared to last year's third quarter. In addition, operating margin in the third quarter of 2014 was negatively impacted by the previously mentioned charge to our provision for long-term contract receivables. As of September 30, 2015, 12-month backlog for the Electric Power segment increased by 5.3%, and total backlog remained relatively flat when compared to June 30, 2015. The increase in 12-month backlog was largely due to transfers of amounts from beyond-12 to 12-month backlog. These transfers were largely offset by MSA renewals with multiyear estimates. As Jim commented, we continue to see the opportunity for additional awards, although they may not contribute to sequential backlog growth. Also, as compared to June 30, total Electric Power backlog has been negatively impacted by approximately $108 million due to the negative effects of foreign currency. Oil and Gas segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by $6.5 million or 0.9% to $756.3 million in 3Q 2015. This increase was the result of revenue contributions of approximately $65 million from companies acquired since the end of the third quarter of last year, as well as increased revenues from distribution and other services. Partially offsetting this increase was reduced demand for services due to lower oil prices and their impact on customer spending, normal fluctuations in large project timing, and certain projects that were ongoing in 3Q 2014 were at or near completion in 3Q 2015, and regulatory delays related to certain other large mainline pipe projects that have shifted work from the second half of 2015 into 2016. Also, changes in foreign currency translation rates have reduced revenues contributed by our international operations in this segment by approximately $26 million. Operating income for the Oil and Gas segment as a percentage of revenues decreased to 7.8% in 3Q 2015 from 10% in 3Q 2014. This decrease is primarily due to a decrease in mainline pipe revenues, which typically yield higher margin opportunities. Also contributing to the decrease in operating income as a percentage of revenues was lower demand for services associated with certain operations as a result of lower oil prices and permitting delays, which negatively impacted the segment's ability to cover fixed costs. Total backlog for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure services segment currently sits at a record level. 12-month backlog increased by $380 million or 22.3% when compared to June 30, 2015, and total backlog increased by $540 million at September 30 when compared to the second quarter, resulting in an overall 18.8% increase in total backlog for this segment. Backlog increases are primarily associated with mainline pipe awards largely expected to move into construction in 2016. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $7 million in the third quarter of 2015 as compared to 3Q 2014, primarily as a result of $2.1 million in higher non-cash stock-based compensation associated with acquisitions and company-wide long-term incentive programs, $1.7 million in higher acquisition and integration costs, and $1.4 million in higher salaries and benefits due to increased personnel to support strategic initiatives, as well as cost-of-living increases. For the third quarter of 2015, operating cash flow from continuing operations provided approximately $109 million. Net capital expenditures were approximately $39 million, resulting in approximately $69 million of free cash flow as compared to negative free cash flow of approximately $14 million for the third quarter of 2014. Prior year's free cash flow was negatively impacted by the timing of projects as certain electric power transmission projects were ramping up during the three months ended September 30, 2014, which resulted in an increase in working capital requirements during the period. Operating cash flows from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, provided approximately $395 million, and net capital expenditures were approximately $151 million, resulting in approximately $243 million of free cash flow, as compared to negative free cash flow of $185 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. I will note that overall cash flows for the fourth quarter will be negatively impacted by a payment of approximately $147 million associated with taxes payable from the gain on the sale of Sunesys. DSOs remained fairly constant at 85 days at September 30, 2015, compared to 84 days at December 31, 2014, and 83 days at September 30, 2014. Investing cash flows of continuing operations during the third quarter of 2015 were impacted by aggregate cash consideration paid of approximately $29.4 million, net of cash acquired, related to the closing of four acquisitions during the quarter. Financing cash flows of continuing operations during the third quarter of 2015 were impacted by the repurchase of shares of our common stock for approximately $1.03 billion. In addition, $150 million was paid under the accelerated stock repurchase agreement, or ASR, which we entered into on August 7, 2015, for the delivery of shares that will ultimately be retired upon final settlement of the ASR. These outflows were partially offset by net borrowings of $142.3 million under our credit facility. We continue to receive questions on the mechanics around the ASR, so I think it makes sense to provide some additional color given the recent move in our stock price. It is important to note that the timing of delivery and retirement of shares by Quanta under the ASR for GAAP purposes is independent of any activity in the market by JPMorgan. All activity by JPMorgan pursuant to the ASR, including timing, volume and price, has no impact on our share count or future cash flows. The $750 million ASR commitment, divided by the average volume-weighted average price, plus an agreed discount, over the full term of the ASR, ultimately determines the amount of shares that we will retire. Upon maturity, there will be a settling of the account for the total shares due. For instance, if you assumed that our stock price would trade on average at around $23.34, mark – that mark during the life of the ASR, which was the closing price of Quanta's stock price the day prior to the execution of the ASR, we would repurchase approximately 32.1 million shares. Upon execution of the ASR, we received an initial delivery of 80% of this estimate, or 25.7 million shares. Therefore, upon final settlement, JPMorgan would owe us approximately 6.4 million shares. However, as a result of the decline in stock price since the inception of the ASR, it is possible that the average volume-weighted average price across the term of the ASR will be lower, therefore causing more shares to be delivered upon final settlement. The ASR arrangement permitted concurrent share purchases by Quanta subject to declining monthly caps. In order to take advantage of our limited ability to purchase shares in the open market, irrespective of potential unforeseen blackout periods, the company made the decision to put a 10b5-1 plan in place a few days after our Q2 earnings release. At the point in time this was put into place, we did consider the impact of an increasing or a decreasing stock price over the near term. The longer maturity of the ASR provided a cost-averaging approach that would extend well into the first quarter of 2016, which in our view at the time was a reasonable approach to our share repurchase strategy in light of our continued favorable multi-year outlook. To recap our share repurchase activity through the quarter, as previously announced, we acquired approximately 1.8 million shares of our common stock in the open market for a total cost of approximately $52 million, which completed the $500 million stock repurchase program authorized at the end of 2013. Under our previously announced $1.25 billion share repurchase authorization, we took delivery of and retired into treasury stock, in accordance with GAAP, 25.7 million shares with a fair market value of approximately $600 million pursuant to the ASR. We also repurchased 15.6 million shares for about $373.1 million in additional open-market transactions during the third quarter. These transactions bring the company's repurchase activity during the nine-months ended September 30, 2015, to a total of 55.7 million shares for value of approximately $1.38 billion. Lastly, subsequent to September 30, 2015, and through the date of today's release, we have repurchased another 3.6 million shares for $76.8 million in additional open-market transactions. As a result of the above, our common stock equivalents outstanding at September 30 are approximately 166.4 million shares. Giving effect to shares repurchased subsequent to the third quarter, our weighted-average share count for the fourth quarter is expected to be 163.6 million shares, and our outstanding shares as of year-end are expected to be 163.8 million. Our share count in 2016 will decrease further by the final share settlement under the ASR as I have described previously. At September 30, 2015, we have approximately $49.2 million in cash. At the end of the quarter, we had about $318.5 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding to secure our casualty insurance program and other contractual commitments, and we have $339.2 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with approximately $716.5 million in total liquidity as of September 30, 2015. Concerning our outlook for the remainder of 2015, we expect revenues for the fourth quarter of 2015 to range between $1.75 billion and $1.85 billion, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $0.20 to $0.26 on a GAAP basis. These estimates include the benefit of an expected $2.2 million release of income tax contingency reserves, as well as share repurchase activity through October 30. This guidance compares to revenues of $2.03 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.27 in the fourth quarter of 2014. Included within the prior year's fourth quarter is the impact of a $30.3 million net-of-tax or $0.14 cents per diluted share charge, to provision for a long-term contract receivable, as well as $3.2 million of income or $0.1 per diluted share from the release of income tax contingencies. Our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2015 is expected to be $0.26 to $0.32, in comparison to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.48 in the fourth quarter of 2014. On an annual basis, we expect revenues to range between $7.45 billion and $7.55 billion, and we may currently anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year to be between $0.79 to $0.85, and anticipate non-GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.07 to $1.13. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in our release. We are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter to be between 36% and 36.5%, which reflects an estimated tax contingency release of approximately $2.2 million. Also, both quarter-to-quarter and annual 2015 guidance reflect the current foreign exchange rate environment. Continued movement of foreign exchange rates in the future could make comparisons to prior periods difficult, and actuals differ from guidance. CapEx for all of 2015 should be approximately $210 million to $220 million when factoring in 2015 to-date acquisitions. This compares to CapEx for all of 2014 of $247.2 million. On a final note, throughout 2015 we have evaluated whether providing quarterly guidance is of value, given the short-term volatility that can occur as a result of project delays and other factors that impact earnings from period to period. As we look to 2016, we will continue to consider whether quarterly guidance remains appropriate, as well as whether other methods would improve communications with investors. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Dan.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Hey. First, thanks for the color on the ASR. I think that clears things up pretty nicely. But I did want to focus on the electric business, obviously. You've been in more competitive environments. You've dealt with small project work before and have a lot of experience. I guess my question is, given the current environment, how much of the recent results relate to, maybe, the transitory effect of dealing with the transition versus what the correct run-rate margin should be if this were the environment you knew you were going to be participating in? So basically, can you just help us out with where you could get to if, if the current environment persists, what do you think you could manage margins to, relative to the fixed math you've been putting up recently?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I think, Dan, that's a very good question and there's a couple of factors there. One, I want to reiterate that there's no reason why we couldn't operate with the current level of business at a 10% operating margin. But you bring up a good point, I mean, we've got transition going – one of the major things that's occurring is we had a significant amount of transmission resources in the industry working on large projects. They've flooded the market. I think it took everybody in the industry by surprise, is the impact that it had on the smaller transmission market. So, right now, we do have an oversupply of labor. The market's become more competitive. We can deal with that. We need to keep a level of large transmission resources to capitalize on projects we see on the horizon. But if that didn't happen, hypothetically, we could certainly adjust our cost structure to get back into the 10% range. So we're in a very fluid market right now, and we're evaluating it almost every day. But I do think that we're at some point of stabilizing the business, and now we'll just adjust going forward as the market begins to develop, especially in the large transmission arena.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Got it. And then, transitioning over to the Oil and Gas business, your commentary has been fairly consistent with what we've heard in the market and your peers as it relates to large work coming in. Can you talk to us, and I know this is a challenging topic, about the capacity you guys can bring to bear for next year? Where you guys are in terms of utilization, if booked and expected projects lay out? And how much more you could even conceivably do next year on the mainline front?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I think utilization is based off on how the projects lay out, right? So we don't have a real clear picture of that right now, because it's early. I mean, you get a $400 million mainline project that could last four months, versus a $400 million electric transmission project which could last a year and a half. So, it depends upon how the projects lay out. I will tell you that we believe that we've got plenty of utilization to take care of the work that we have been backlogged, that we plan to go to 2016, off of – excuse me – plenty of resource capacity to handle the work we have in backlog in 2016 and the work that we're continuing to negotiate for 2016. So, it's very similar to electric transmission when it ramped up in 2011. I mean, we were on three jobs and we ended up doing about five times that much in a period of two years. So, we'll be able to – we're prepared and ready to take on as much work as we can at our margin profile.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Sounds good. Thank you very much.
Operator: And as a reminder, in the interest of time today, we do ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. We'll take our next question from Andy Wittmann at Robert W. Baird & Company.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. So, I guess in the script, you guys commented that you felt like the pipeline business – a couple of things need to break your way, that it would be up in 2016? I don't know if I caught a similar comment on T&D with some of the puts-and-takes that are going on there now. Jim, I guess, what's the net outlook as you're heading into 2016 on the T&D side?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Andy, I think that's a good question. I mean, I would tell you that right now distribution in the smaller transmission market has a growth feel to it. There's thousands of projects there in any given quarter, and it's been pretty predictable over the last four years, and I don't expect that that dynamic's going to change. The large transmission market is what, obviously, is a wild card. We don't have a real good feel as to when those projects will get through the permitting process and move to construction. So, do we think some projects are going to move into construction to 2016? We do. But it's hard to pinpoint. So it's hard to tell what the segment's is going to do overall. I do think that both segments, as I said in my script, have the opportunity for growth next year, and I do think 2015 is a transition year for the Electric Power segment. But I can't really give any color as to big transmission right now; it's early. And certainly with what's happened over the last several quarters, I'm going to – time is my friend and I want to wait until February before I provide some real, specific color on the large transmission market dynamic.
Andrew John Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Appreciate those perspectives. And then, Derrick, I guess a question a lot of investors are looking at right now is what kinds of things can you do from a process perspective, as you look at results coming in during the quarter, to avoid some of the surprises that we've seen in the last couple – are there systems, processes, communication and things that need to be happening inside the company to head off some of the surprises that we've seen in the last couple of quarters?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I mean when you think about the first half of the year, a substantial portion in the first half of the year was a weather dynamic. And we're not necessarily weather forecasters, and those things will – any major weather event will impact us throughout, despite our best efforts to forecast. In addition, a couple of those things that happened in the first half of the year were very, very one-off projects, specific-type items. If you recall, we talked about the cumulative effect of a couple of those jobs was about $50 million. Although very sizable, it was isolated to the one or two individual jobs rather than being something having to do with the overall forecasting process. As it relates to the third quarter, we started to see some degree of softness in much of the things that Jim has talked about. But what we, in our minds, we needed to look to see exactly how those things played out and make a determination as to what was there from the standpoint of contingencies on remaining projects and how those would execute through, et cetera, relative to being able to establish what we really felt like what was occurring here in the third quarter. So, I think that the third quarter is unique versus what the dynamics were in the first and the second quarter. But again, to your point, we will always be mindful of what information we gather in here and how that we can digest it in a way to ensure that our forecasts in the future continue to better align with our real expectations.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tahira Afzal at KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi, folks, and Jim, nice to see at least some stability returning.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Tahira.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, I guess the first question is, Andrew asked about the revenues and where those could swing on the electric T&D side. So, let me get on the other side and ask, would you at least see backlog growth very constant about that for electric T&D in total?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: My views on backlog are unchanged from past years, past quarters and years. I mean, I think backlog will continue to be strong. I'm not going to say we're going to have record levels every quarter that we've seen this quarter. But it's going to be strong, and that's an indication of the multiyear outlook we have in the business. So, look, I'm very confident about 2016. I think 2016 is going to be a very good year. 2015 was an anomaly. It happened. We're not happy with it, but we've got some really good things going in 2016 and in both the Electric Power and on the Oil and Gas segments. So I think 2016 backlog should be strong. Going into 2016, I think these big transmission projects will break through and we'll get back to some level of normalcy in what we've seen over the last few years. We're just in a pause right now, but I'm very confident about 2016 and, frankly, the next several years over a multi-year basis. I think we've just had an adjustment in the market and we're ready to move forward again. And 2016 is going to be definitely a better year than 2015, in my opinion.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Okay, Jim. That's helpful. And then, second question is more thematic. Over the past several months, we've seen several utilities buying gas distribution companies. I know you do some integrity work on the gas side. We always focused on your large pipe and gathering shale activity on the pipeline side. But are you watching what's happening in terms of M&A there? And does that present an opportunity for yourselves?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, we've predicted that there was going to be a convergence of both the electric power and natural gas companies. We expected that. I mean, one of the primary drivers there is the coal-to-gas switching and the need for significant natural gas infrastructure to feed these power plants, which is one of the big growth drivers on mainline pipe. And certainly it's an opportunity for our customers on the electric side who have to ensure reliable power delivery that those pipeline systems are within their control. So, yes, we're seeing some convergence of those industries in our customer base, and we have been positioning our company to take advantage of that by having the diversity to serve both the electric power and oil and gas segments. And I think it can't do anything but help us down the road, from a strategic standpoint, as our customers are looking to contractors like Quanta to provide a broader solution to them across their entire portfolio.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: All right. Thanks a lot, Jim.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matt Duncan at Stephens.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Hey, Matt.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Jim, I'm going to kind of, sort of try to get a view on 2016 from a little bit different angle. If you were to not see any large electrical transmission projects awarded to you that you would begin work on next year, would you be able to grow that business on the top line, just based on the small to medium-sized projects that you're seeing, or would that be difficult to do without large projects?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: I think that would be difficult to do without large projects, if we didn't see any mainline – new transmission projects, I think we would probably have – it'd be flattish to slight negative. But I think the bottom line still could grow, particularly since we had some job issues and some weather issues in 2015. So, we got a pretty good comp against 2015 to grow the bottom line. So I think there's two different dynamics working there. We certainly feel confident that the bottom line can grow on 2016 over 2015 in the Electric Power segment.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then in Oil and Gas, a couple of things. Can you give us a little bit of color on what types of projects you're seeing out there in the bid environment? Are you seeing the implied margins in these bids get any better as this market's beginning tighten? I mean, we're seeing good backlog growth across the industry. And given what you are expecting in mainline pipeline work, is it fair to say that that business ought to grow around 10% or perhaps better next year, given the sort of pace of backlog growth we're seeing out of you guys?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. I mean, I think if you look at backlog as a key indicator, you would expect that we would have a double-digit type growth on the top line if projects move through the permitting process as we expect. In order for it to have that material impact that we expect, mainline to have that material impact that we expect next year, I would expect that that you would have that type of growth profile. And we've talked about that in the past, we've talked about 2016, we would start seeing a material uptick in mainline pipe construction opportunities. As far as the margins, I think the margin profile is really driven a lot by the contract types and the strategic alliances that we have with many of our customers on mainline. We're building multi-year programs for them and the contractual relationship is different, and it's more of a shared risk and it's conducive to us having more stable margins in that sector. Certainly we have to execute, but I think it's more favorable for us in the industry. You'll see a better margin profile going forward.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Yes, I think the margins that you guys said that segment can do are 9% to 12%. I'm assuming with the mix shifting back to mainline, you ought to be in that range next year?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Matt, this is Derrick. Yeah. I would tell you that thematically, you're – I wouldn't disagree with that. I think one of the main things that would probably get me pause is saying that's unique to next year – as we sit here today, as from a guidance perspective, and we'll be trying to address that clearly as we move forward into, as Jim said, a February timeframe when we give our ultimate guidance. But when we look at the last half of this year and push out at the mainline jobs, and you look at ultimately how our margins in the third quarter and kind of implied fourth quarter margins in that segment, you can see how those delays in projects can individually impact the margin profile. And so as we stand here today, as Jim had said on the timing of those awards and/or their actual permitting and moving to construction, to the extent that we see any of the latter half of next year get pushed at all, then you'd see some impact in that 9% to 12% dynamic. That's why at this stage, we're not quite at the spot of quantifying. But what I'd say is that, whether from a volume perspective, and if you look out over the multiple quarters exclusive of the finite 2016 period, then I'd say that we think that there's a volume of work there that should still allow us to overall operate at 9% to 12%. We're just not yet quantifying that to 2016 based upon that risk (49:57).
Operator: And we'll go next to Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. I know you guys have been hesitant to let key resources go while big projects are still in the works. But what are you doing to improve your cost position and margins, particularly in electric? And I guess what timing would you have to see in terms of these big projects in order to make a decision to be more aggressive in cost actions?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: I don't want to give the impression that we haven't let anybody go. I mean, we've had some of our operating units adjusting costs in areas regionally that we have seen some softness. But it is imperative that we maintain some critical personnel and some specialized equipment to execute on these larger projects. It's a fluid situation, Steve. I can't give you a black and white answer that says that in January or March, if we don't see improvement, we're going to make some significant cuts. But I do want to reiterate that we understand where we need to be as a company and as a management team with our margin profile. And we will continue to be diligent on that, and evaluate the environment on a (51:20) basis and make the decisions when necessary. I think we said that the expectation is that we're going to have a better year in 2016 than we did in 2015, and we're going to have a better year in the Electric Power segment on the bottom line in 2016 than in 2015. So, there will have to be – either we're going to get mainline work or we're going to have to make some adjustments. So, it's – I mean, excuse me, large transmission work or make adjustments. But I can't put a time line on that.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And on the – sticking with the electric business, with revenues down 15% in the quarter, FX sounds like there was only about a 3% impact. So, still a double-digit decline. And I know, Jim, you really can't predict the large transmission project timing, and that's very fair. But are there any other things that you can see with high degree of confidence that will moderate that double-digit pace over the next few quarters, be it acquisitions or anything like that? And then if it's still a double-digit pace of decline, is that a scenario where you can still feel like you can grow your bottom line in Electric Power?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I want to say that on the full year, we expect growth on an organic basis. As we go into the first half of next year, we have seasonality, for one thing. And I do expect that some of the fourth quarter dynamics will likely transition into the first part of next year. So we have large projects in backlog that we expect will accelerate or move into construction at some point in time during the year, I just don't want to predict right now when that's going to happen. But I do expect the Electric Power segment to perform better on the bottom line organically than what it has in 2015.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to William Bremer at Maxim Group.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Good morning, gentlemen, and appreciate the color.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Bill.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Bill.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: You mentioned – you called out integrity, and I'd like to go there first. Can you give us a sense, the master service agreements that are attached to that? What size – how many years do these contracts go out, and can you give us a sense of the top diameters that you're working with there, on these pipelines? That's the first question. Second, love to get an update on two markets that you didn't voice today, which would be Australia as well as Canada, and just give us a sense of what's happening there now, and the strategy going forward if they don't improve?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. Thank you, Bill. As far as the integrity work, the asset scenario, our business continues to grow. We continue to expand there. We do have master service agreements in place for several customers. They range from three to five years on average, the PG&E contract being kind of the flagship for that type of contract. The size of pipes range. They vary. You've got cast iron replacement programs, we've got some smaller diameter pipe, anywhere from 2-inch residential pipe programs to 42-inch mainline programs in rural – or municipal areas. So, the pipe sizes range the full gamut. As far as comments on Australia, I mean, Australia has been hit hard by the oil price and China's growth slowing, so the exports are less than what we anticipated when we first entered that market. But with that said, it's still an area that we are excited to be in on the ground floor, and we will continue to build that business over a multiyear basis. I think it's going to be important to Quanta five years from now, the contributions from Australia and other international areas like Canada and Latin America will be important five years from now. But we are going to see the Canadian – in Alberta – Alberta, Australia and the Gulf of Mexico have been impacted by the price of oil. I don't expect much more downturn in those areas. I think they've settled out. In fact, we are seeing some areas return to some level of growth as some of the competitors, the smaller competitors in those markets, have exited. But it's a real tough situation that we're monitoring. But any softness in those markets will certainly be made up by the mainline revenue that we expect to move to construction over the next several years.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Rogers at D.A. Davidson.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Hi. Good morning.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, John.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, John.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just a little more color, if I could, in terms of the T&D vertical, the electrical business. Jim, what's the margin that's in your backlog now, or directionally, versus what you've just seen? I mean, you're – and the confidence. I'm just trying to get to the confidence that it gets better next year, with or without those big transmission projects?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, John. Actually, it's Derrick. From a margin perspective in backlog on Electric Power, what I say is, we are going to have an online – a bit of pressure on those margins. It's not so much, though, from the standpoint of what we're doing from a bidding perspective. It's much of what we're seeing more from the standpoint of our expectations of the performance against that work, primarily from the dynamic of what Jim spoke about. We've got T&D resources from the large transmission work that have been moved over, and some of those resources are working on some of that smaller transmission work. And so, to that extent, as we think about how we expect that backlog to perform, arguably structurally, we have to believe that it's going to perform at a lower rate. That doesn't necessarily translate into our aspect of bidding it lower, but it's just that what we are saying now is that, based upon this performance, we're going to say that we think it'll currently execute at a slightly lower rate.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, just on the pipeline side, or the Oil and Gas side of the business, can you give us – because it sounds like – I mean, we're going to take another step down in margins here, before they recover. And how much excess overhead are you carrying there now? Or maybe another way to ask it is, what's your capacity to do work in that segment?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, certainly, our fixed costs in the Oil and Gas segment have continued to increase, because we've got to prepare for this mainline pipe...
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Right.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: ... expansion. So, there is some impact there, and that is a drag on margins, especially when we expected some of these programs to start in the fourth quarter of this year, and they've been pushed. So, now we've got so much work coming in 2016 that we're probably going to see some pushes, but we're still going to have probably a pretty nice uptick in revenues in that segment, with mainline contributions, even with pushes, because there's just so much work that's supposed to move the construction in 2016. You also have the Canadian dynamic with seasonality, and seasonality going on right now. So, you got to be prepared, because if the ground freezes, you're going to go work, and there's going to be a significant amount of it in Canada during this time of the year. If it doesn't, you're not going to mobilize. So, you've just got that dynamic going on. But we certainly have a higher fixed cost in that business today than we did last year, because you can't just turn the switch on and start working on the amount of mainline projects that we expect. You've got to prepare for that, and that takes time, and it costs money to do so.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alex Rygiel with FBR Capital Market.
Min Chung Cho - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Great. Good morning. This is Min Cho for Alex. Thanks for taking my question.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Min.
Min Chung Cho - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Good morning. Given the uncertainty about some of the timing of the backlog and moving into construction phase, do you feel – I mean, how conservative is your 12-month backlog number? Is there still a certain amount of risk to that number?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, our backlog, we've been consistent the way we book backlog, and it's typically once we get it, executed, contract or some form of executed contract from the customer, it goes into backlog. So, I would say that the way we book backlog is very conservative, and I have not seen any fixed price contract that's gone into backlog, ever to my knowledge, get pulled out of backlog. I mean, once it's in backlog, it moves to construction. We've made MSA adjustments from time to time; back in 2008 and 2009, when we went into the banking crisis, we had to adjust MSAs and backlog. But as far as lump-sum fixed-price contracts, I would say that I'm very – with a high degree of confidence that if it hits backlog, it's going to construction.
Min Chung Cho - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Right. I guess I'm concerned more with the 12-month backlog number, and the potential for push-outs of projects beyond that 12 months?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, okay. I understand. I think that, again, you're probably going to have pushes in 12-month backlog, because we've seen pushes over the last three to four years. And nothing's changed in that dynamic. But what's different is that there's going to be a significant amount of mainline work. I mean, we booked, as we talked today on the call, several billion dollars' worth of mainline projects, many of which will be moving to construction or planned to move to construction in 2016. Will you have some pushes in that backlog? Absolutely. I would say it's almost certain you're going to have some pushes. But with what's left that does go in 2016, it's still going to be material and more than what we've seen here in 2015. So – but we will have some pushes out of backlog.
Min Chung Cho - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: There's no question in my mind that that'll happen. But it's not going to impact our excitement about what moves the revenue in 2016.
Min Chung Cho - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. That's fair. Also, I know you've been asked this question in the past and you've been fairly conservative about the opportunity in Mexico kind of for natural gas pipe. Any change in the strategy there?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: No. I mean, Mexico continues to be an area that we recognize there'll be significant amount of opportunities there. And it just depends upon our customer base, especially some of our key customers, whether they move down there and they want us to move with them in more of a collaborative partnership-type role. We continue to evaluate it, but it is a higher-risk area than Canada and the United States, for sure, and there's a lot of work for us to do here in Canada and the U.S. So we'll go to Mexico if we can mitigate the risk, or we'll evaluate going to Mexico if we can mitigate the risk. But right now, our opportunities are in Canada and in the U.S.
Operator: We'll go next to Jamie Cook at Credit Suisse.
Ben E. Xiao - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, good morning. This is actually Ben on for Jamie. So two questions for Derrick. First, I guess going back to the margins. I appreciate you can't quantify your expectations for 2016, but can you at least help us with your expectations by segment for Q4, just so we can get a better sense for run rate into 2016? And then second, just on the free cash flow. I mean, conversion's been pretty good year-to-date. I know it will come down in Q4, but how should we think about 2016, just because this mainline ramps up, I imagine more cash will be tied up in working capital?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Actually, I'm starting with your last question. I think that's a fair assumption for 2016, exactly right. The mainline projects have a tendency to be fairly rapid ramp-ups and be sizable projects that happen over a short period of time. And so, depending on the timing of that, you can see a pretty substantial draw of that capital. And then from a timing perspective, then of course it depends on how much of that work is coming in the fourth quarter as to whether, if any of that gets pushed, whether that would turn into cash in 2016, or just continue to roll and maybe such that it goes into 2017. So I do believe it's a fair expectation that 2016 cash flow will be lower than 2015 cash flow. From a margin perspective on the fourth quarter, I can comment that I'd say Electric Power is probably going to be in or around the 7% or 8% range, we'll say, and in Oil and Gas because of timing it's probably going to be like in, say, the 4% to 5% range. One thing though, you made the comment about estimating a run rate for 2016. I don't know that I would be looking at those fourth quarter margins to be indicative of run rates, per se. One of the main things to recall, remember, is the seasonality aspect of the business. I mean, it's typical for our fourth quarter margins to drift based upon the lower revenues or weather dynamics and seasonality, let alone the fact of the impact of some of the mainline awards, et cetera. So that's kind of how the fourth quarter would lay out, but I'd be hesitant to say exactly how that's going to impact 2016 at this stage.
Ben E. Xiao - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks a lot. Very helpful.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: And we'll go next to Vishal Shah at Deutsche Bank.
Vish B. Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, I apologize if this has been already asked, but could you maybe just talk about how you think the backlog is in terms of what percentage of your backlog has cleared permitting and how much still needs regulatory approval for 2016?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: It's in various stages, Vishal. I would say that once a project moves to backlog, in general, most of the permitting and siting has been done, and there's a path to construction. In other words, they see that they should be able to get through the remaining hurdles. Typically if projects are challenged to get permits, that they don't move to construction, typically, to the construction phase or to backlog. But I would say that, in general, there's a path to getting these projects fully permitted into construction, if they're in backlog.
Vish B. Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And what kind of visibility did you have in the large transmission side in terms of the permitting process? I mean, what are your customers telling you in terms of timelines, and how do you plan for that when you think about the workflows that you have on standby for some of those projects? Thank you.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I mean, I think that's an art more than a science. And we're in constant discussion with our customers, so we have a pretty good feel for when projects will move to construction. I mean, obviously, we've had some surprises, some of our customers – I mean, really, the overall profile on backlog, as far as projects moving from backlog to construction, hasn't changed. It's just that projects are bigger and cover longer distances in more populous areas, so it's just a little bit more of a sensitive process for our customers to get through. But we're certainly in constant communication with our customers and we try to plan our resources accordingly, to the best that we can.
Operator: We'll go next to Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey. Good morning, guys.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Jim, these potential delays on the pipeline side, what do you think about that? Is that all permitting, or are you – because these MLPs, the stocks are down, they're talking about less access to capital. Does that matter, too, or is it just all permits?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: It's mostly all permits. I mean, the country needs big pipe. And despite what's going on with the MLPs and the issues that you mentioned, I mean, you've got to get product moved, you've got to get this natural gas to these markets, and that's the shale. The shales are shut down in many areas because they don't have takeaway capacity, especially in the Marcellus and Utica. And the coal-to-gas switching is creating an environment where our customers need redundant gas pipeline systems in order to feed these power plants – these new gas-powered plants. So the need for the big pipe is there, regardless of the economic situation or the MLP environment, and that's what the big driver is on the pipeline boom that we expect, or increase in mainline pipe that we expect over the next several years.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the transmission side, relative to two or three or four years ago, have you seen increased competition?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: No. I mean, it's the same people in the industry. I mean, you might see a company move into the business, but they're tapping into the same resource base. I mean, again you've got a limited amount of superintendents and foremen in this industry. It's a very specialized industry, that field leadership is extremely important, in my opinion, in order to be successful as a contractor. This business has only ramped up really in a big way five years ago, and it's really put a strain on the industry, especially at the field leadership position where it could take a decade or more to train a qualified journeyman lineman that moves to a general foreman or a superintendent position. So I really haven't seen the competitive environment change with the blue-collar workforce that executes on the work. And I think that's the most important aspect of what we do, is having those self-perform capabilities, and I have not seen a significant shift, if at all, in that area of our business.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Jeffrey Volshteyn at JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Y. Volshteyn - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. I'm going to be quick. So just, Jim, following on your commentary on large electric projects, I surely understand the complexity around permitting, particularly in large metropolitan areas. But perhaps you can give us a little bit of color of where the delays are coming from. Is that local agencies? Is it federal agencies? And maybe in certain geographies or certain functions that are being consistently slower in permitting?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I don't want to sound flippant with that question, but it's all of the above. I mean, it's become more complicated, and when you get into – I mean, it's every single municipality, it's every county, it's every state, and it's a very difficult process for our customers to get through, especially in the more populous areas of the United States and Canada. You just have more jurisdictions and you've got more permitting, and it just takes time. And it's no different than really 10 years ago. I mean, some of the first transmission projects that we started building in 2011 were in the permitting process for 10 to 15 years in California to get approved. So, it just takes time, and it's not a matter of if this infrastructure gets built, it's when. And the environmental groups have become more organized, and so forth. You see that in the media. It's just a more difficult environment, but what's frustrating us is to predict when these projects move or forecast when these projects move to construction.
Jeffrey Y. Volshteyn - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Do you feel that these projects are appropriately funded, and there's not a funding issue as well?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: It's not a funding issue for the customers that we're working for, no. Many of our customers have – when you look at the pipeline, companies that have firm shipping agreements in place – shipper agreements in place to build the infrastructure, and our customers who need to build pipeline infrastructure to feed power plants and so forth, it's not a independent pipeline company that owns that project that has a shipper agreement in place, it's a utility that gets recouped through the rate base. So, financing's not an issue with the projects that we see in our backlog.
Operator: And at this time, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Okay. Well, this is Jim O'Neil, and I would like to thank all of you for participating in our third quarter 2015 conference call. We do appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call for today.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co. John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co. Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Vishal B. Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jeffrey Y. Volshteyn - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp - Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, Rebecca, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services' conference call to review second quarter 2015 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors and Media section of the Quanta Services website, at quantaservices.com. You can also access Quanta's latest earnings release and other investor materials, such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audio casts, conference calls and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations app, which is available for iPhone, iPad, and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website, at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next seven days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 5, 2015. And, therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2014, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website, at www.sec.gov. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise, and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Kip, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services' second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. I will start the call with an operational overview, before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our second quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we will welcome your questions. In light of the challenges we are facing in 2015, I think it is important to provide a few key takeaways, before I get into my usual quarterly commentary. First, we are disappointed in our second quarter performance, and the project issues we have experienced have been addressed. Second, the downward revision to our forecast in the second half of this year is largely driven by a change in the electric transmission project dynamics, which I will discuss in detail this morning. And third, and most important, our confidence in our 2016 and beyond outlook and the stability of our industry fundamentals remains intact. Our end market outlook is positive, and we remain confident in our leadership position in those markets. As a management team, we are resolved to create shareholder value over the long term. Now for a review of our second quarter performance: Revenues in the second quarter (04:04) as compared to last year's second quarter, however, our earnings per share came in well below our expectations. There were several key factors that led to our earnings shortfall in the second quarter. In our Electric Power segment, I will first discuss the Island Falls to Key Lake electric transmission project for SaskPower that we have been working on since 2013. This project is in the remote areas of northern Saskatchewan with little or no terrestrial access to the project right-of-way, and to date has been a very challenging project. Most of the work we are performing requires helicopter support to access this project. Production on this project was affected in the first half of this year by extreme weather conditions. Toward the end of June, this project was further impacted by work stoppage requirements due to the forest fires in the province. The project was 95% complete and three weeks away from finishing when the work stoppage occurred. As a result, we demobilized project crews and have just recently released to return to work. This delay has increased the overall cost to complete this job. Second, we experienced delays accessing right-of-way on Nalcor's Labrador Island Link HVdc transmission project because land clearing operations were moving slower than anticipated following the Canadian breakup season. In order to maximize our production we had to scale back our construction activities in the quarter, which resulted in a reduction in our previously forecasted project revenues but did not impact our overall margin profile on the project. The land clearing issues have been resolved but will impact our project schedule going forward. Third, we continue to have issues with our combined cycle power plant project in Alaska where we are the EPC provider. As you may recall in the first quarter, we discussed critical material delays on this project. Since then, engineering issues emerged creating additional scope and subsequent higher project cost, and as a result, we are now recording the project at a loss for its duration. We estimate the project is 68% complete and expect to finish the project in the middle of next year. We accrued all remaining losses on the project in the second quarter. And finally, our Electric Power segment was adversely impacted by record rainfall in many of our service areas, which primarily impacted transmission and distribution services for our customers. Our Oil and Gas segment also experienced challenges in the quarter. We experienced cost overruns on a large gas distribution fixed-cost project in Ontario. This project is now back on track and is scheduled to complete by year-end. We also experienced record rainfall impacting several of our pipeline and facility projects throughout the Lower 48. For example, our Line 78, mainline construction project for Enbridge is in the states of Illinois and Indiana, which received record 100 year rainfall amounts in the month of June, which significantly impacted our production. Now I will turn my commentary to our full-year guidance. We have reduced our 2015 guidance to reflect our second quarter results which I have just discussed and other factors that we expect to impact the remainder of this year. In our Electric Power segment, several events have developed that impact our Electric Power transmission forecast. First, project revenues for at least two customers are being deferred from the second half of this year into 2016. This includes approximately $110 million in revenue from the Nalcor's Labrador Island Link project for reasons I discussed previously. It also includes the impact of regulatory delays on certain projects in the Northeast region of the United States, resulting in approximately $80 million in revenues that we now expect to be generated in 2016 rather than the end of this year. Worth noting, the margins on these projects have not been impacted by the delays. Second, this year, there has been and will continue to be a significant amount of electric transmission project bidding activity. In our prior forecasts, using a methodology consistent with our historical approach to guidance, we estimated a certain level of uncommitted electric transmission revenues that we anticipated would be awarded to Quanta and moved to construction this year. Our most recent forecast indicates that we will have a $300 million shortfall in Electric Power transmission projects for the remainder of this year compared to our prior estimate. There are two primary reasons for this shortfall. The first, our success rate on winning transmission projects over the last two months has been below our expectations due to more aggressive regional competition. The second is that several transmission projects originally scheduled to bid and move to construction this year have been delayed. However, the pipeline of electric transmission programs remains robust. And over the next three years, we are currently tracking large transmission projects with an estimated aggregate contract value of up to $12 billion. As we have stated in the past, the timing of large project awards can be lumpy, and some projects can experience intermittent starts and stops during construction. As a result, forecasting these dynamics is very difficult over a discrete quarterly or calendar year period and can occasionally impact our results and future expectations. These dynamics have not meaningfully impacted our results historically, but have this year. However, our positive sentiment toward electric transmission is unchanged, and we continue to believe there are growth opportunities for our Electric segment over a multi-year period. In addition to active large electric transmission programs bidding activity, we are experiencing solid growth from our subtransmission projects and also for our electric distribution services. In our Oil and Gas segment, our revenue expectations for the remainder of this year have also been reduced. We are experiencing delays on two mainline projects in backlog that will not commence construction in the fourth quarter as expected. These projects will more than likely start in the first half of 2016. Also, a major natural gas distribution pipeline replacement program in Canada was delayed from the second half of this year into next year. In total, we moved approximately $175 million of revenue from the current year to 2016. All of these projects have been delayed due to a longer than anticipated permitting and siting process. We have also seen a reduction of approximately $50 million related to services we provide to our oil and gas customers in Canada, who continue to moderate CapEx due to lower price of oil. And, to a lesser extent, we have experienced similar impacts in the Lower 48. We've previously stated that the lower oil price environment had an impact to our overall consolidated revenues by about 5% to 10% since the beginning of this year. However, we now believe the impact could be on the high end of that range due to the ongoing challenges in both Western Canada and in the Lower 48. We expect an acceleration of mainline pipe activity in 2016. The Oil and Gas segment has been building backlog momentum with recent sizable pipeline project wins such as Line 78 mainline project for Enbridge and our previously announced selection by the SemGroup for the Maurepas Pipeline Project. In addition, as announced in our earnings release this morning, in the second quarter, Enbridge pipeline selected our Canadian subsidiary, Banister Pipelines Construction, a Quanta Services company, for Package A of the Norlite Pipeline Project. This project includes the installation of approximately 197 kilometers of up to 24 inch diameter pipeline from the Enbridge Stonefell site to the Suncor East Tank farm near Fort McMurray. Construction is expected to commence later this year and scheduled completion is in the spring of 2017. This project was awarded and booked in backlog as of June 30. The revenues generated from this project in 2015 will be minimal. The aggregate contract value for these three projects is close to $1 billion and we expect the majority of these revenues from these projects to be generated in 2016. In addition, we are very close to finalizing several large mainline pipe agreements with customers. As such, we are incrementally more confident in Quanta's mainline pipe project opportunities over the next several years and believe demand for our mainline construction and EPC services will ramp upwards during the next several years. We believe it is possible that our mainline construction resources will be at high utilization levels as we enter the second half of 2016. It is also important to note that in the second half of the year, we are forecasting a reduction to our consolidated operating margins. This is due to several factors. I previously described the project delays impacting our Electric Power transmission business for the remainder of this year. Approximately $500 million of electric transmission revenues of which $200 million is in backlog will not materialize this year. While we have had offset some of this decline in revenues with new electric power and gas distribution contracts, the overall gross margin impact is by far most significant contributor to our margin decline. Second, similar to our electric delays, as discussed previously, we have approximately $175 million in pipeline projects in backlog where construction has been delayed from 2015 into next year. In total, we have approximately $375 million in projects in backlog, that for the most part, are experienced delays in permitting and siting of right-of-way. Furthermore, our G&A structure has not been adjusted to reflect the recent delays in project activity largely because we believe any downturn in our business will be short-term in nature. Next, in the Lower 48, whether has affected production on some projects, particularly on our mainline pipe and facility services. As a result, we will experience increased cost on some of these projects going forward in order to meet completion deadlines. And finally, we continue to see pressures on our pipeline construction operations in Western Canada, the Gulf of Mexico, and Australia due to low oil prices. The combination of these factors has the result of unfavorably impacting our operating margins for the remainder of this year. In summary, we are disappointed with our 2015 results. Despite our performance, our end market outlook remains positive over a multi-year period. The North American power grid is aging and reliability challenges are increasing. There are regulations in effect to encourage T&D spending, the North America generation mix continues to shift away from coal to more natural gas and renewables, and new technologies are being implemented for a more advanced power grid, all of which require grid expansions and enhancements. While the nature and the timing of these projects may vary from time to time, results in uneven growth on a calendar year basis like we are experiencing in 2015, solving the North America power grid challenges could take decades and require more than $1 trillion of investment. Going forward, we remain confident in opportunities for profitable growth in all aspects of our business. The underlying drivers of our business remain intact. We remain steadfast in our focus and confidence in our ability to execute and deliver customer-driven solutions that have made us the industry leader that we are today. Confirming the confidence in our business, this morning we announced that Quanta's Board of Directors has approved a new $1.25 billion share repurchase program. This is by far the largest share repurchase authorization in Quanta's history. This action reflects our commitment to creating shareholder value and our ongoing confidence in the longer-term outlook for our business. With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his financial review results. Thank you. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Before I discuss the results of the quarter, I'll comment that yesterday we closed the sale of our fiber optic licensing operations and we have presented these as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements for the current and prior periods. As such, the amounts presented in our earnings release and discussed in my comments this morning do not compare to our previous SEC filing, which have not yet been adjusted to reflect these discontinued operations. However, for comparative purposes, we have posted certain prior period information on our website reflecting these discontinued operations. I will discuss the impact of the closing of the transaction later in my presentation. Today we announced revenues of $1.87 billion for the second quarter of 2015 compared to $1.84 billion in the prior-year second quarter, reflecting an increase of 1.9% in quarter-over-quarter revenues. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $46.1 million or $0.22 per diluted share which for the purpose of this earnings call is the number most comparable to our previously provided quarterly GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance. This compares to $81.1 million or $0.37 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from net income attributable to common stock, as presented in today's press release, is also the most comparative to our previous quarterly guidance and was $0.26 for the second quarter of 2015 as compared to $0.42 for the second quarter of 2014. Although Jim has highlighted various impacts to the quarter, I'll provide some additional commentary before discussing the detailed financial review. This quarter we had three major projects which were impacted by an aggregate of $32 million in losses, due to increased project cost associated with various items impacting production. We have included an estimate for change orders that are deemed probable of collection in our results for the quarter but we are currently evaluating additional aspects of these project circumstances which we believe warrant recovery through change orders or claims that may be pursued in subsequent periods. Our results for the quarter were also impacted by lower overall reported revenues versus our expectations with a corresponding adverse impact on gross profit, driven largely by delays associated with the Labrador Island Link project that Jim mentioned in his comments, which resulted in a shortfall of roughly $50 million in revenues. In addition, significant rainfall during the quarter across a number of our operating areas impacted production on numerous projects, resulting in margins lower than our expectations. Turning to a broader discussion of our results. The increase in consolidated revenues in the second quarter of 2015 as compared to the same quarter last year was primarily due to an 11% increase in revenues from our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment, partially offset by a 2.4% decrease in revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. Quantifying an estimated impact of changes in foreign exchange rates between the quarters, consolidated revenues and earnings were negatively impacted by approximately 2.5% when compared to the second quarter of last year. Our consolidated gross margin was 12.2% in the second quarter of 2015 as compared to 14.4% in the second quarter of 2014 as a result of the negative operational impacts I described previously. Selling, general and administrative expenses as presented in this quarter's earnings release were $149.9 million in the second quarter of 2015, reflecting an increase of $14.7 million as compared to the prior year's second quarter. This increase was primarily due to $7.4 million in incremental G&A costs associated with acquired companies and approximately $7.3 million in higher salaries and benefits costs associated with additional personnel and cost of living increases. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue were 8% in the second quarter of 2015 as compared to 7.4% in the second quarter of 2014. This increase was primarily attributable to slightly higher cost structures of the companies acquired after the second quarter of last year, the impact of annual compensation increases coupled with the lower ratio of Canadian operations with certain units having lower selling, general and administrative costs as a percentage of revenues than other of our operations. To further discuss our segment results, Electric Power revenues were $1.22 billion, reflecting a decrease of $30.5 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 2.4%. Foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted revenues in the segment by 2.3%, which was offset by the contribution of approximately $20 million in revenues from companies acquired since the second quarter of last year and an increase in emergency restoration revenues of approximately $6.5 million to $23 million for the second quarter of 2015. Revenues were otherwise negatively impacted by the timing of electric transmission projects and certain larger projects that were ongoing in last year's second quarter reached or neared completion in the second quarter of this year. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment decreased to 7.2% in the second quarter of 2015 as compared to 9% in last year's second quarter. Roughly, $25 million of the project losses I referenced earlier are applicable to projects in this segment, which accounts for all of the quarter-over-quarter decline. Significant weather events impacted both the second quarter of this year and last year such that the margin in this segment was otherwise comparable. As of June 30, 2015, 12-month and total backlog for the Electric Power segment decreased by 0.5% and 2.5% when compared to March 31, 2015, due to the expected levels of the roll-off from certain master service agreements, which were not replaced by expected projects. And as Jim commented, we continue to see the opportunity for additional awards, although they may not contribute to sequential backlog growth. Oil and Gas segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by $64.6 million or 11% to $650 million in 2Q 2015. This increase was the result of revenue contributions of approximately $50 million from companies acquired since the second quarter of last year as well as increased revenue from mainline pipe activity ramping up from previously awarded projects, partially offset by reduced demand for services due to lower oil prices and associated impacts in customer spending. Revenues in the second quarter of 2015, as compared to the second quarter of 2014, are also estimated to have been negatively impacted by approximately $17 million as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates associated with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Operating income for the Oil and Gas segment as a percentage of revenues decreased to 5.5% in 2Q 2015 from 9.5% in 2Q 2014. Approximately $7 million of the previously discussed project losses relate to this segment. In addition, multiple other projects in this segment were impacted by heavy rainfall during the quarter as compared to projects in last year's second quarter and certain of our operations within this segment were adversely impacted by lower customer demand associated with lower oil prices, which resulted in decreased ability to cover fixed costs. Twelve-month backlog for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment decreased by $157 million, or 8.4%, when compared to March 31, 2015. However, beyond 12-month backlog increased by $348.3 million at June 30 when compared to the first quarter, resulting in an overall 7.1% increase in total backlog for this segment which currently sits at record levels. Twelve-month backlog decreases are primarily associated with the burn on existing projects and reduced spending on master service agreements compared to historical levels as replacement projects reflect the timing of award start dates into later periods. Project awards during the second quarter include the Columbia Pipeline Group project award that we announced in our first quarter earnings call as well as the Enbridge Norlite Pipeline project that Jim mentioned in his earlier comments. Corporate and un-allocated costs increased $7.5 million in the second quarter 2015 as compared to 2Q 2014 primarily as a result of $3.7 million in higher salaries and benefits cost due to increased personnel to support strategic initiatives, as well as cost of living increases and $1.4 million in higher costs associated with ongoing technology and business development initiatives. EBITA for the second quarter of 2015 was $74 million or 4% of revenues compared to $123.7 million or 6.7% of revenues for the second quarter of 2014. Adjusted EBITDA was $126.9 million, or 6.8% of revenues for the second quarter of 2015 compared to $168.8 million or 9.2% of revenues for the second quarter of 2014. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are all non-GAAP measures and the definitions of these and days sales outstanding, or DSO, can be found in the Investors and Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. For the second quarter of 2015, cash flow provided by operations was approximately $106 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $55 million, resulting in approximately $51 million of free cash flow as compared to negative free cash flow of approximately $42 million for the second quarter of 2014. Prior year's free cash flow was negatively impacted by the timing of projects and certain electric power transmission projects are ramping up during the three months ended June 30, 2014, which resulted in an increase in working capital requirements during the period. While the current quarter's level of operations and working capital requirements were generally more consistent with the first quarter of 2015. In addition, a $28 million arbitration payment was made in the second quarter of 2014 for the settlement of an earlier contracted dispute on a 2010 directional drilling project. Cash flows from operations for the six-month ended June 30, 2015, provided approximately $286 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $112 million, resulting in approximately $174 million of free cash flow as compared to negative free cash flow of $171 million for the six-month ended June 30, 2014. DSOs were 85 days at June 30, 2015, compared to 84 days at December 31, 2014, and 78 days at June 30, 2014. DSOs were higher at June 30, 2015 primarily due to the timing of certain billing milestones as well as closeout and final retainers billings on certain projects that were near completion. Investing cash flows during the second quarter of 2015 were impacted by aggregate cash consideration paid of approximately $37.9 million net of cash acquired related to the closing of three acquisitions during the quarter. Financing cash flows during the second quarter of 2015 were impacted by the repurchase of 5.8 million shares of our common stock for approximately $172.3 million, partially offset by net borrowings of $96.5 million under our credit facility. At June 30, 2015, we had approximately $65.4 million in cash. At the end of the quarter, we had about $324.7 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding to secure our casualty insurance program and other contractual commitments, and we had $204.3 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility, leaving us with approximately $900 million in total liquidity as of June 30, 2015. Although for our second quarter results, I spoke to net income attributable to common stock, in order to discuss the result most comparable to our last quarter guidance, for our outlook on an ongoing basis, except where noted, I will speak to continuing operations. Concerning our outlook for 2015, we expect the revenues for the third quarter of 2015 to range between $1.9 billion and $2 billion and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $0.34 to $0.40 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $2.15 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.40 in the third quarter of 2014. Included within the prior year's third quarter is the impact of a $52.5 million pre-tax charge, or $0.15 per diluted share, to provision for long-term contract receivable associated with an Electric Power Infrastructure Services project completed in 2012, as well as $4.9 million of income, or $0.02 per diluted share, from the release of income tax contingencies. Our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2015 is expected to be $0.40 to $0.46 when compared to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.58 in the third quarter of 2014. On an annual basis, we expect revenues to range between $7.5 billion and $7.7 billion, and we currently anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year to be between $1.05 to $1.20. We anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.32 to $1.47. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in our release. As a result of the project changes Jim referred to, at the mid-point of our guidance for the year, we see Electric Power revenue showing approximately a 6% to 8% decline as compared to 2014. We are concurrently estimated operating margin for the year to be approximately 9% in the Electric Power segment, which reflects $40 million of first and second quarter losses from the projects discussed earlier as well as the six months to date impacts of substantial precipitation events. Also, much of the decrease in our annual expectation is specifically attributable to our Canadian results. When considering only U.S. electric power operations and removing the impact of the project loss from the power plant project on this portion of the segment, margins are expected to remain in the 10% to 11% annual range previously anticipated. For the Oil and Gas segment, the midpoint of our annual guidance assumes revenue growth in the high-single digits when compared to 2014. As Jim commented, the anticipated start dates for several projects have experienced delays, and oil price uncertainty has created incremental softness in demand for certain of our services. And when considering the first half results for the segment, our annual margin expectations for the segment are between 7% and 8%. Since our JV relationships are winding down, we expect no non-controlling interest deductions in the latter half of 2015. We are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate for the third and fourth quarters to be between 37% and 38%. We currently estimate our diluted share count to be about 207 million shares for the remaining quarters of the year and 211 million shares for the year in total. I'll discuss our new repurchase program in a moment, but I'll comment that our projected year-end share count does not include any repurchases from now to the end of the year. Also, both the third quarter and annual 2015 guidance reflect the current foreign exchange rate environment. Continued movement of foreign exchange rates in the future could make comparisons to prior periods difficult and actuals differ from guidance. We expect CapEx for all of 2015 to be approximately $225 million to $255 million, when factoring in 2015 to date acquisitions. This compares to CapEx for all of 2014 of $247.2 million. As announced yesterday, we finalized the closing of our fiber optic licensing operations and received proceeds of approximately $1 billion. This will result in a net gain from the transaction to be recorded in the third quarter of 2015 of approximately $175 million, or $0.84 per diluted share, which will be included in our results from discontinued operations. We currently estimate the net proceeds from the transaction to be approximately $830 million. As we stated when we announced the transaction, it was our intent to utilize the proceeds in a way we felt would create incremental value to our shareholders. This morning, we announced that our board of directors has authorized the company to repurchase up to $1.25 billion in shares of our common stock over an 18-month program. We also announced our intent to enter into an accelerated stock repurchase arrangement to facilitate the repurchase of $750 million of our stock. Once executed, the ASR arrangement would require that we fund 100% of the arrangement in exchange for immediate delivery and retirement of approximately 80% of the expected total share repurchase with the remaining 20% to be settled over the next seven months to eight months of the arrangement. In addition, the accelerated stock repurchase can be supplemented with $500 million in open market repurchases. This expanded program comes on top of the announcement today that we recently completed our previously repurchase program having repurchased approximately 7.6 million shares of our common stock since the first quarter of 2015 for approximately $224 million. This brings our combined year-to-date 2015 stock repurchases to 14.4 million shares for total investment of $406 million. The combination of these stock repurchase efforts, not only shows our commitment to returning capital to shareholders, it more than eliminates any dilution associated with the disposition of our fiber optic licensing operation and illustrates our commitment and belief in the long-term value of our customer. If one were to assume the full deployment of capital against the new repurchase program, looking at our June 30 balance sheet, our leverage profile would be around one turn of debt. Considering our outstanding letters of credit against our credit facility, our need for working capital flexibility to support the long-term growth potential we continue to observe, our bonding requirements, as well as continued opportunistic M&A and investment opportunities, we feel this is an appropriate move toward revising the capital structure of our company. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. Your first question will come from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi, folks.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Tahira.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: First question is really in regards to outlook, Jim, you still remain pretty positive. I guess for me the question is that you've always seen delays and hiccups on the regulatory side in the past, is there a reason that they are taking so much of a toll this year in particular? Has something changed and perhaps you're doing more work in Canada and that's added a new dimension it seems, or perhaps you've just reached a critical mass where delays are really – you're much more sensitive to that on the growth side?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, Tahira, I think, there's several factors that come into play. One, projects are getting bigger and they're getting longer in mileage, they're getting higher in voltage, which means they are more unsightly and they're in more populated areas. We've had a lot of our work move to the Northeast U.S. and Eastern Canada and the regulatory delays in sitings becomes a little bit more challenging. In the last four years, we've had a pretty steady amount of projects coming in. Now we are seeing bigger projects and there's going to be more gaps in awards because of the permitting and siting process and because of the sheer size of these projects. So, the outlook and the dollars of opportunities has not changed. In fact, it's as large as we've seen; it's just the timing of these awards coming out. It just creates some lulls in activity and we're seeing some of that now. We experienced some of that over the last four years. We always had a project or two in delay but nobody could really see that from the investment community, because we had other projects going very well. Here, it's just a perfect storm and we see a gap that's occurring but it doesn't change our outlook for the business over a multi-year period.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it, Jim. And as a follow-up, to that, given you're seeing more delays, more lumpy large projects, clearly the buyback will help signal to people your confidence but obviously backlog growth will as well. How do feel given the scenarios you're seeing on the macro side right now and the possibility of some of these projects hitting by the end of the year, so people feel more comfortable about the next year?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I don't think you're going to see any of these projects that are not in backlog today or any projects or awards that we may receive by the end of the year will be meaningful to the 2015 revenues. We do anticipate that there will be some projects – there are some big projects right now that are in the bidding process that certainly we could have announcements over the next few months, but certainly can't predict the timing of when projects are going to be awarded and when they move to construction because both of those factors are driven by the siting and permitting process. Our customers aren't going to move to bidding and awards, in many cases, until they've buttoned down a lot of the regulatory hurdles that they have to get through.
Operator: And your next question will come from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. I guess two questions. The first question, Derrick, the question that I'm getting from investors is broadly how to think about 2016 and I know you don't want to give guidance, but if you could just walk us through the puts and takes of how we should think about the base of earnings, because you look at it and you don't have the weather issues next year. I assume you'll have the $375 million of revenue that was for 2015 that gets pushed into 2016. We have the ASR. I'm just trying to think of the puts and takes because I think 2016 broadly is critical in particular given the execution that we've had in 2015. And then I guess just my second question relates to – I'm sorry, the second questions relates to – are you guys still there?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: We're here, Jamie.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Sorry, guys. Someone else was dialing in. Why don't you do the first question and then actually I have a follow-up?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Sure, I'll start a little bit and then Jim can color from the operational side. The project losses that have been recorded in the first six months of this year accumulate to about $47 million.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: And so what I would say is that we would obviously not be anticipating that that type of impact would be occurring in the future. So that would be one reconciling item. And then you asked from the ASR perspective, as an example. I mean, the ASR and the stock repurchase of the $1.25 billion, we would anticipate to be moving forward with some sort of ASR shortly. I'll comment that we have not executed that yet, but we are in the process of negotiating the aspects of the contract currently. Very real-time and so we would anticipate that, that would be moving – something we'd be moving forward with shortly. That being the case and that would be the $750 million reduction in the overall outstanding shares of the company so that also would be contributing directly to 2016. The way that we would look at that is that, 80% of that will be immediately removed, 80% of that $750 million would immediately reduce the share count with the remaining 20% to be brought back at the end of that contract which we would anticipate to be at the 7 month or 8 month timeframe. So I would say the vast majority of that would be taken out of the share count by the early part of 2016. I think those two things combined would show you that it's fairly easy to see an aspect of double-digit growth for certain when you're looking at 2015 versus 2016. Does that help color that?
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, that helps. And I guess my second question is just sort of been, Derrick and Jim, you and I have gone back and forth on this. Given some of the issues over the past five quarters, six quarters, given the magnitude of the issues we saw in this quarter, have you gone back and sort of scrubbed your backlog and how would you – how should we think about the quality of the backlog, the three or four projects that you talked about because obviously there's a concern that there's something bigger, that there's something bigger going on here? And then the second question is, were any of these issues big enough where you've made internal changes or management changes? Thanks.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. Jamie. We go through backlog in great detail every quarter and I think the bigger issue on backlog is whether it's in 12 months or pushed out of 12 months. But I mean the projects – there hadn't been any change in backlog as far as any of these pushes and pulls that have occurred. We've had projects in backlog and they pushed from this calendar period into the next and the projects that didn't materialize that were uncommitted weren't in our backlog. With that said, too, we have made some management changes. I mean, really, the only area that we really had execution issues due to management is on that power plant in Alaska. And we made some whole – wholesale changes there. The Phoenix power acquisition that we did, we put that management team on top of that. It was a timely acquisition and those guys are really doing a good job in rightsizing and in getting that project back on track. We'd made that change about six months ago and that's where we – once they got in and dug in, we were able to uncover some of these other issues in this quarter. Other than that, most of the other issues that we have, have been driven by weather delays or issues like the fire where we've just had cost overruns. And some of these projects, we are seeking some level of recovery as well that isn't recognized in the quarter.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All rightie. Thank you. That's helpful. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: From UBS, we'll hear from Steven Fisher.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. You discussed the oil and gas projects in backlog moving from the second half of this year, the first half of next year. How does that affect the execution risk around those projects? It doesn't sound like they're in Canada but I don't know if there's any particular weather risk there and what's your confidence in those actually moving forward in the first half? What has to happen for those to actually move forward?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Steve, one of the projects is Lake Maurepas project in Louisiana so actually, the move into the first quarter of next year really is not significant from a weather impact standpoint. The project's going to take over a year to build anyway, so the big risk in that project is any type of hurricane or storm during storm season and that hasn't been avoided by this move, because the project's going to take a calendar year to build. So we're fine there. The other project I can't discuss. It's under one of our MSAs that we have. And we're not allowed to disclose it by the customer, but I will tell you that the contractual relationship on that job is one where if the project did get moved into a weather prone period that there would certainly be the ability to price that risk into the job. So we're not held to a firm price because the job – and we're taking additional risk because the job has moved into a more adverse weather potential period if that makes sense.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: But you are confident that those projects are actually going to go forward in the first half?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: I am confident that those projects are going to go forward. Okay. I do believe that they'll go in the first half of the year, but again, I got to caveat all of this. I mean we're coming off of a time where we've moved our forecast the second half of the year. These are big projects, again, that are subject to delays but I think those two projects are very much through the permitting and siting hurdles, that they've only got one or two things to clear and I think I'm fairly confident they'll start in the first quarter of next year. Pipe is ordered on those jobs and that's a good sign as well. The customers putting more CapEx forward on those projects, which gives you confidence that they're going to go forward as well.
Operator: From Avondale Partners, we'll go to Dan Mannes.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Just to follow up on some of your commentary on, I guess, on the pipeline bidding and on timing. You made the comment that the developers are waiting until things are buttoned up before awarding, but, I mean, we're seeing a tremendous amount of bidding right now on pipeline for stuff that doesn't break ground even until mid-next year. In some cases, FERC filings are only a couple months in. I guess the worry I have is we're going to see a slate of backlog this year but then we're going to be sitting here next year at this time and going through a similar circumstances as it relates to timing. So can you maybe help us out a little bit with your expectations for all the stuff you're looking at right now and how confident you are that stuff will actually move forward in a timely basis?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I'll put it this way. I feel like pipeline is very similar to where we were sitting with electric transmission back at the end of 2010. And there's going to be so much coming that, yeah, you're going to have one or two projects or three projects in regulatory delays but there's so much work there that it's going to make a meaningful impact to the company. Now, whether that ramps up in the middle of 2016 or toward the end of 2016 or – but it's going to ramp. And there's a pent-up demand for mainline pipe, specifically takeaway capacity to move natural gas and to move LNG in Canada. I mean there's a significant amount of projects out there that we've got $1 billion we talked about on the call today. I'll tell you right now that we're very close on another billion that hopefully we'll be announcing soon. And there's just a significant amount of work to where projects have to move forward. Even if half of them move forward, it would be a significant contribution to the company.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners LLC: Got it. In the follow-on on the electric side, you mentioned maybe some – a lower win rate more recently on some transmission. Are you referring to kind of the competitive solicitations like what we saw in California for (50:43) or are you saying more broadly, and can you maybe account for some of the changes in the competitive environment?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: The competitive environment hasn't changed. We're going to have times where you're going to have competitors come in and take projects cheaply and we're going to keep our bidding discipline. We're not going to chase revenues for the sake of revenues. We could have done that here but we didn't. We risk-weight our pipeline of opportunities on non-committed. A couple of the non-awards to us were surprising because we did think we were in the driver's seat, but that happens all the time to some extent. We did see a couple of regional players that really probably aren't well-known in this space, but they've been around for decades. The KCP&L job, that's right in our backyard, but we've got a local competitor there that we didn't feel had the capabilities to do that job that big and I still don't think they do, but we'll see how that plays out. But it happens. We're not going to win every job and we're going to hold our bidding discipline, but I wouldn't say that the competitive dynamics have changed. I think that as these jobs get bigger and higher voltage, when you get into these 500-kV DC type lines, you're going to have fewer people that have capabilities to do that, so that bodes well for us. It will eliminate some of these regional guys.
Operator: And our next question will come from William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Good morning, Jim.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Bill.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Maybe just an update what's happening in Canada and in Australia, a little bit there. And some of the utilities have actually called out some positives in terms of integrity and just maybe talk about the MSAs there if that's been picking up on your end.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Look Bill, Integrity is still a very bright area for us. We've been building our business out. In fact, we've expanded into two new utilities over the last 90 days on bringing our pipeline rehabilitation program to these customers and using our utility technology. It's a core service that we offer. We offer a broader solution I think than others with our program management engineering capabilities, our ability to dispatch on a national basis and in Canada, our pipeline rehabilitation crews as well as our technology and it's a growth area for us. And I've seen that business grow near double-digit clips here for the last several years and I don't see that business – the trends in that business changing anytime soon. Australia, certainly, the focus there has been big pipe. We all are trying to launch some Integrity capabilities there. But that's off of a very small – smaller base. We're starting at ground zero. But Australia's a great opportunity. We continue to see an opportunity for electric – to do a consolidation of electric capabilities in Australia, because they've got the same issues that we have here in the U.S., an aging grid that's not built to serve the population centers that they have today. They have load growth issues in most of the metropolitan areas there, and they need significant assistance from a contractor that has the balance sheet capabilities to help them. So – but that's going to take time to play out. It's not going to play out overnight. It's a five-year to seven-year strategy, but we feel we're in early enough to really establish our presence and grow with that market once it begins to accelerate.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: And Canada?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, Canada on Integrity, that's a huge opportunity. We made an acquisition, CUC there, there's significant opportunity in B.C. We bought A&B in Calgary and certainly one of their primary focuses right now is Integrity and pipeline rehabilitation. And we're deploying our Microline technologies into Canada for them to augment their services and provide a differentiation there from their competition. So it's a big opportunity. Again, it's growing off a smaller base, but it's certainly, to us, one of the bigger growth areas that we see on a year-over-year basis for a multi-year period than any of our other services.
Operator: From Robert W. Baird & Company, we'll move on to Andy Wittmann.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, guys. I wanted to dig in on the electric side since it seems like that was maybe the area with the biggest change in the quarter. I guess, maybe – I think we've talked about the pipeline bidding environment for projects and what your expectations are for the near and the long-term. But, Jim, can you talk a little bit about the pace of bidding that you're seeing today and the potential for announcements even if they don't contribute earnings this calendar year, but what they could mean for the backlog direction and what you're seeing there?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. I mean the pace of bidding is very active. But when you get to these larger projects, you're back and forth for six months, nine months. You're going back to the customer multiple times. It's become a more complicated process than what it used to be, three or four years ago where you would submit a bid 60 days before a project or 30 days before a project and the customer would review them, they'd call you in, they would talk to you about the technical aspects of it and then the job would be awarded. Now there's back and forth, back and forth, it's – and it's because the jobs are becoming larger and more complex. And we're trying to take on a bigger role too and not just provide engineering services but provide engineering capabilities like we did in Alberta for the Westmac [Fort McMurray West] (57:11) line. So the bidding activity's very strong, but it's different than what it was three years or four years ago. It's just a different process. But the underlying galactic business is intact and – but we're going to see some growing lumpiness, I think, as the HVdc is causing this type of dynamic in the short term.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. All right. On the earnings side of that, Jim, I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks a $500 million revenue that you previously expected aren't going to happen probably this year, if that means that they're going to go next year. Does that mean that 2016 is a double-up year for some of these things or do you feel like the delays in the permitting that are happening is kind of normal course of business, the way things that were previously expected for 2016 and push those into 2017? In other words, what do the ramp potential look like with these delays? Is it all added to 2016 or does it kind of just smooth out the build cycle here?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, let me characterize the $500 million for you first. About $200 million of that, of the $500 million, is in backlog and part of that's the Nalcor program which is really just because we're not able to get the right-of-way access quickly, we've had to scale down our crews to about half to what they were just to keep efficiency and continue to make the margin profile that we expected. So that work just naturally gets deferred into next year and into 2017. When you push stuff into 2016, it's going to come out of 2017. So 2016 really doesn't change, the project just delays into 2017 – on that project. We had some deferrals in the Northeast with customers that we have MSA agreements to do transmission, due to regulatory and that was about $80 million, $90 million so that's going to go at some point next year. We lost $110 million to competition in our forecast, so that goes away. That doesn't move. So out of the $500 million, it's really $400 million. And then there's the big piece of that is there's about $300 million in uncommitted that didn't materialize this year. That got pushed and most of that push was regulatory. So those are projects that were on our radar, that we were either in some form of discussion with the customer about negotiating or bidding, that the projects were originally intended to start in the third and fourth quarter this year, but now they've been pushed into the first quarter next year. Do those projects get pushed further or not? I'm not going to even venture to guess that after what's just occurred. But they're there and it's part of the pent-up – part of the bullishness we have in the overall transmission business over a multi-year period.
Operator: From FBR, we'll hear from Alex Rygiel.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thanks, Jim and Derrick. First, I want to congratulate you on the Sunesys sale -
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: ...and complement you on the buyback announcement. I think that's a great use of capital.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thanks, Alex.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Derrick, real quick, could you come back and update us on what the timeline of when you can be in the market buying back stock is again and I have a follow-up.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I mean, we typically have a lag between what we would do – to let information disseminate publicly, so we would be able to be back in the market sometime at the end of this week or the early part of next week, assuming that we have no material non-public information.
Alex J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then, Jim, thinking from a macro standpoint, with regards to delays, are you seeing any of your customers – and maybe you need to break it out between electrical and gas – but are you seeing any of your customers delay or cancel projects due to broader market dynamics like the price of oil or anything else?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: We've seen that to some extent in Canada where we've had electrification in the shale fields to where we provide services to electrify some of those fields. It wasn't a meaningful part of our business, but it's certainly in that 5% to 10% impact that we've taken or we analyzed the 10% impact to our business because of the low price of oil. Many of these projects, what we will have to be careful with when we evaluate these projects is some of them will compete with one another. And so the independent system operator is going to only pick one of three candidates. And we vet that out in our pipeline of opportunities. We can't sit there and say there is three $500-million projects going in a certain region of the U.S., and they're all competing for each other. We don't count that as a $1.5 billion opportunity. We count that as a $500 million opportunity because one of these projects is likely to go. But that's probably where we need to be the most prudent, when we look at our pipeline of opportunities, is those competing lines and to make sure that we don't double count. And that's an art more than a science because one and a half lines might go or the ISO might come up with a different option and pick two of the three lines. But we try to be conservative in our pipeline of opportunities when we assess that.
Operator: And our next question will come from John Rogers with D.A. Davidson.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Hi. Good morning.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, John.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Two things. First, in terms of the overhead costs – the G&A costs, is there a significant change in terms of those rates as you look out into 2016? I mean, given where the market is, given the elimination of the fiber business or is your plan to hang on to everybody for now? I know you commented a little bit on that.
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I'm not in a spot necessarily to give guidance for 2016 yet, John. But what I'd say is, yes, as a bit, as it relates to Sunesys, as an example, Sunesys had a little bit of a higher G&A structure. They were running at the 13%, 14%, 15% range. So that will give us a benefit as we move forward. I'll tell you that we've not made any significant moves from a G&A structure, because we look at our long-term growth potential to see it be there. We've done some moves specific to some of the operations in Canada and some of the pipeline areas that Jim has spoken to. But broadly speaking, we've not made any significant moves because we still see those growth aspects being there. So I would say, right now, I think, G&A percentage is running comparable to what you're seeing in 2015, largely, of course, based upon the volume of revenue relative to absorption from a rate perspective, though.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: And our fuel G&A will moderate dependent upon the activity in any given region with any given company. And we've made – like Derrick said, we've cut close to 100 people in Canada. Corporate G&A, I mean, obviously we believe that this is a short-term downtick. And we don't see any adjustment at corporate at this time, because we do think this is a short-term dynamic and the company's grown – doubled its size over the last two years. And to some extent I feel like we're still trying to catch up with the support we need from corporate to support our operations. But certainly we pay attention to it, like Derrick said, and we'll make adjustments accordingly, if necessary.
John Bergstrom Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And Jim, if you look at the market now, you talk about the pickup in pipeline activity and certainly it looks like it's coming and transmission rebounding. But have you reassessed at all how you think about the margin opportunities given the potential for delays, project sizes, the competitive environment or – because I would of thought with larger projects, ultimately you would end up with higher margins, but we haven't gotten there yet.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I think we did get there on electric. We were well within the 9% to 12% range and then we moved the range to 10% to 12% and that's when we had a nice complement of large transmission projects. I think you'll see this same type of margin move once we start executing on some big mainline projects and we have the consistency of that work. Right now because of the operational challenges that we've had for the first half of this year and the downtick in transmission business for the second half of the year, it's going to be more challenging to maintain that at 10% to 12% margin profile. But again, I think it's a short-term dynamic, and at some point, again our multi-year outlook is very strong on transmission. You've got to have the transmission projects and the mainline pipe projects in order for us to hit into the middle or higher end of the range of the margin profiles that we have previously provided. But we're not going to change our bidding profile. Margins and backlog continue to be strong. I don't see any pricing dynamic changes for us right now, and we don't plan on having any going forward.
Operator: And from Stephens, we'll hear from Matt Duncan.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Want to piggyback on some of the questions just looking out to next year. And Jim, I want to make sure we understand the timing of these delayed projects. What I'm hearing is that a lot of the stuff that's been delayed you think is going to come back probably in the first quarter. And so what I'm really getting at here is have the delays and project execution issues of 2015, have those things impacted 2016 as you see it? Or should we really think about this being more sort of a 2015 issue and we're back on track when we flip the calendar?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: I can't sit here and say we are back on track, because the regulatory delays are going to continue to be an issue for this industry. I want to say we're back on track, but I'm not going to sit here and put a line in the sand and say, "We are back on track, because it's a wild card that I don't control. And more than ever before, there's a higher percentage of these large projects in the overall mix of our consolidated revenues. And it's going to continue to grow. I mean, it used to be 20% of our revenues used to be from large projects, now it's 40% and it's probably going to get closer to 50%. So – and those are the projects that are subject to these delays. So I just have to be more prudent about my commentary there because I thought the end of this year we were going to continue to have growth in the large projects and that did not happen because of delays, things get pushed. Do I want 2016 to be better? I think the pipeline market because of the amount of activity that's going to be going on, that if you do have some delays, you're going to have enough other work going on that will overcome that and that's that dynamic that we experienced like I said with electric transmission for the last four years.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Sure.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Electric transmission, I do think the Nalcor – Nalcor's running now fine. I mean, we're back on track. We're getting back on track. It's still slow to recover but we're not stopped there. We just had work pushed into 2016, so 2016 for Nalcor should be fine. Unless, we run into any other weather events. This was a pretty tough year for weather in Canada and that's what's typically going to slow things down up there. As far as the regulatory delays in the Northeast, I think those are going to continue. I don't know at what pace. Infrastructure is getting built but it's a grind. It's a challenge and there's a lot of stops and starts.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate it.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: It's just hard to predict.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: And then last thing, a capital allocation question. You're essentially using the cash from the Sunesys sale to buy a lot of Quanta stock. Are you also still evaluating M&A opportunities and does this accelerate it in large repurchase take you out of the M&A game? Does it slow that down or does it have no impact on how you look at acquisitions?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. I don't know that it has any real impact at all. You're right that the biggest portion of the proceeds that are going from the – the share repurchase at this point are coming straight from the Sunesys sale. We've done roughly nine acquisitions on a year-to-date basis. We've commented in previous calls that we thought that the number of acquisitions that we saw potentially happening in 2015 would probably be somewhat comparable with what we executed on in 2014 and even in 2013. But we did say, that we thought that the size of those acquisitions might pull back a bit, not for the purpose of specifically targeting the smaller deals, it's just that those are the ones that right now we feel are the opportunistically appropriate deal for us. But we continue to go out and we will look for those things that we think will add some level of differentiation and geography, customer relationship and the like. So I don't think that you would see our approach to acquisitions changing. We will still be looking at allocation of capital in that regard. I will say that in the near-term, we're still probably looking at the pipeline of transactions that lead toward smaller transactions because that's what currently is in our pipeline today.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, Vishal Shah.
Vishal B. Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, Jim. I just wanted to better understand the competitive environment. I know you mentioned there was some impact of competition in the quarter. Can you maybe just talk about where you see the most competition, whether it's electric transmission or oil and gas and what kind of competitive environment do you see, right now. I know you mentioned there is no impact on your margins in backlog. But is that something we should be worried about going forward. Thank you.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: I think the differences in competition are hard to describe. They're different between oil and gas and electric power on these mainline jobs and the big transmission jobs but you still have the same dynamic, where you can have a guy come in and take a project low. And that can happen. I think the good thing about some of these bigger projects is many of our customers are getting savvy about going with just the low bid because they're not getting the cost certainty and the desired outcome on schedule. So they end up having cost overruns and more problems than if they would've taken a quality contractor at a higher price. And we're seeing that, obviously, we're seeing MSAs being negotiated on the pipeline side with customers that have never ever happened before in the history of this industry. Because of that reason, they want a commitment for resources and they want to deal with somebody who can provide more cost certainty around their projects. On the electric side, that dynamic's been in play for a while. And we saw that starting about three years ago. Even longer than that, but certainly we had more negotiated work on the electric side than we did the pipeline side. But you're going to always have competition and you've just got to prove your value to your customers every day and continue to be the industry leader and that's going to be around cost certainty, safety, and make sure you get the quality and the project done on time. So as far as backlog, I mean, could you ask that question again, Vishal, on the backlog question, please?
Vishal B. Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I just meant your margin in the backlog were stable but on the backlog question, just can you maybe talk about when we can start expecting backlog to increase and is it going to be in transmission or oil and gas, first? Thank you.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, backlogs at record levels right now or near record levels. So our backlog position looks pretty good right now. And I think that you'll probably see and I made some comments here just a few minutes ago on Q&A that we're close to inking some more big mainline pipe programs. So I would think that in the near term you'll probably see some upticks in our oil and gas backlog in the near term before you see any big meaningful move in electric transmission.
Vishal B. Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we'll hear from Jeff Volshteyn.
Jeffrey Y. Volshteyn - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you for taking my question. Good morning. Really just have a few clarifying questions. First, when you look at your backlog, given the discussion on the delays, are you able to give us a sense of what portions of your backlog has already been approved and started versus the portion where the work has not been started yet.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: All of our backlog is basically for the most part on our fixed price contracts, we have to have a signed contract in place. And so there's no speculative backlog there. I mean if you're going to go out and bid a $500 million job and you sign a contract, that's a $500 million contract that goes into backlog. Our MSA agreements, certainly there's- if we sign a five-year MSA, and we've been working with a customer doing $100 million a year and their capital programs aren't going to change going forward, certainly we have a more intimate relationship and understanding of what the customers' objectives are there then we will estimate the amount of backlog that we will put into an MSA contract. But those certainly we haven't had any real issues there at all since 2008 on estimating MSA backlog. But the problem is backlog again gets deferred. We've had very little backlog canceled. I can't recall of any backlog that's been canceled since I've been here at Quanta. But backlog can get pushed and that's the issue we're having is when you look at the 12-month dynamic, you can have backlog pushed out of that 12 months into – a beyond 12-month period because some of the issues we've discussed this morning.
Jeffrey Y. Volshteyn - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And just on the margin question in oil and gas, you gave 7% to 8% margin expectation. You've spoken about 9% in the past. Is this just a 2015 expectation or can we change your longer-term outlook on margin?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: No, I believe that our longer-term outlook on margins remains intact for both Electric Power and Oil and Gas. We still think we can be in the 10% to 12% range in Electric Power and 9% to 12% range in Oil and Gas. This is really more the 2015 effects of the lost jobs, the weather impacts and some of those other headwinds but our longer-term rates, I believe at this point, will still stay the same.
Operator: From BB&T, we'll hear from Adam Thalhimer.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey, good morning, guys.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Jim, how would you compare this to in 2011, when you knew (1:18:15) was coming in 2012 but the market didn't believe. How does this feel to you versus that timeframe?
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: On pipeline, I think it's deja vu over again. Okay. I think it's the same exact dynamic. It's kind of melancholy in a way. That's what's going to happen on pipeline I think. On electric, it's a different because we're operating at a high level right now and we're maintaining that high level. We're operating a 3 times what the business was operating at five years ago on transmission and in the segment, in general. But I do see program opportunities out there that are very massive in size. A lot of these HVDC lines that could take us to the next level. It's just a matter of when that can happen but certainly I'm still very bullish on our business on a multi-year period.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then on the buyback, can you give us some flavor. You bought a lot of stock back in July and presumably you knew you were going to miss and guide down and you're committed to buyback in total about 20% of the stock from here. It's a massive buyback. Was there any internal wranglings over the timing whether you should do it now or maybe wait for more certainty on the pipe cycle?
Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, actually any of the stock that was bought back in the second quarter timeframe was early under a 10b5-1 program that we had put into place much earlier in the year. So there really wasn't anything that was going on unique to that buyback versus what we were stepping into. And then as it relates to the new program itself, we started on the new program really once we saw that the Sunesys repurchase sale was going to be accelerated into this time period. When we provided guidance earlier this year we really did look at it as though it was possible that the Sunesys disposition was something that would close, although this year, much later in the year. And then we got wind of that effectively within a very short period of time of close to here to quarter end because it looked like this was actually going to move to close. In fact, the PUC approval for it just happened last Friday. So we moved very quickly in that regard to kind of align the current share repurchase to the closing of Sunesys.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I will now turn the call over to management for any closing comments.
James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I'd like to thank all of you for participating on our call this morning. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. And thank you, this concludes our call for today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Taylor, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services' conference call to review first quarter 2015 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of the Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com. You can also access Quanta's latest earnings releases and other investor material such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audio-cast, conference calls and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations app, which is available for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and Google Play. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, April 30, 2015. Therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control. And actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied, in any forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements. And Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise, and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call.  With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thank you, Kip, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our first quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions.  Revenues in the first quarter increased approximately 7% as compared to last year's first quarter. However, earnings per share came in below our expectations. Our earnings shortfall was due to several factors. The largest contributor was various weather dynamics occurring throughout Canada on several major electric transmission projects. We experienced an early fall in Alberta, continuous heavy snow in Newfoundland and dense fog in northern Saskatchewan. In our previous estimates for the quarter, we had considered weather effects on these projects. However, in each of these areas, the impact to our production was more prolonged than expected. Other factors that impacted our first quarter results, as well as details about our annual guidance, which we revised downward to take into account the first quarter results, will be covered by Derrick in detail in his commentary. Despite the challenging quarter, we believe the industry drivers that have fueled the electric power segment's growth over the past several years have not changed and will continue for at least the next several years. For example, according to a report released last week from the WIRES Group, since 2010, U.S. transmission investment has ranged from $10 billion to $16 billion per year. And despite year-to-year fluctuations, transmission spending is forecasted to remain at high levels through the year 2030. Our utility customers have made significant investment in their electric power infrastructure throughout North America, and we expect continued strong levels of investment by utilities in transmission and distribution infrastructure going forward. Most of our top industrial and utility customers have forecasted an increase in their capital spending on transmission and distribution infrastructure over the next several years. Additionally, the size, scope and complexity of projects are increasing. We anticipated this change in market dynamics and have positioned our company to capitalize on these trends. As a result, we have been awarded transmission projects such as Nalcor's Muskrat Falls and Labrador-Island Link projects in the Fort McMurray West concession in Alberta. The aggregate contracted revenue of these projects is in excess of $2 billion. We expect additional projects of similar magnitude in both Canada and the United States in the coming years as North America's electric grid will continue to be developed for years, if not decades. For example, we are encouraged by the California Independent [indiscernible] Operators or Cal ISO's Energy Imbalance Market initiative that was announced earlier this month and other efforts that will require grid solutions to deal with the intermittent generation resources in the western United States. We believe Cal ISO's initiatives will result in the construction of major transmission programs designed to interconnect western states to enhance reliable power delivery in the region, which should create a significant number of opportunities for Quanta.  Despite this robust activity, the sighting and permitting of energy infrastructure, including major electric transmission programs, continues to be our customers' biggest challenge. And we are encountering delays on certain projects that we previously expected to be awarded and moved to construction in the second half of 2015. These delays have impacted our electric power segment growth rate expectations for this year, but do not change our overall positive multi-year outlook for growth potential of this market. The regulatory environment can delay projects and create pauses in our growth rate from time to time. However, we do not believe electric infrastructure spending has peaked, and we do believe we are still in a multi-year growth cycle. While it is frustrating when project delays happen, typically, it's not a question if the project will move forward, but when. While large transmission projects are high profile and attract a lot of attention, we continue to seize opportunities to provide services in the sub transmission market that address system reliability, substation hardening and the replacement of aging infrastructure. We have visibility into a healthy mix of sub transmission and major transmission project opportunities on the horizon. In addition, our distribution services continue to grow as customers increase spending to upgrade aging infrastructure and to hardened systems to better withstand extreme weather events. Third-party industry market data and our discussions with key customers support our belief that our electric power segment remains in a multi-year growth environment. And we remain confident in our view that revenues and backlog will continue to increase over the next several years. Turning your attention to our oil and gas infrastructure segment. Revenues increased nicely compared to the same period last year, and operating margins were favorable in what is typically a seasonally challenging quarter for the oil and gas infrastructure segment. We continue to have a positive outlook for the mainline pipe market for at least the next 3 to 5 years. Our customers' capital programs in this market are significant. And we believe the number of mainline pipe projects that can move to construction this year and over the next several years is larger than we have ever seen since Quanta entered the mainline business. A substantial majority of these mainline pipe projects have already secured contractual commitments for producers on a minimum volume or take-or-pay contracts and should move forward towards construction, assuming required permits and approvals are obtained. A noteworthy pipeline project that we secured in the first quarter is our turnkey engineering procurement and construction, or EPC, contract with SemGroup Corporation for the Maurepas Pipelines Project in Louisiana. Engineering, permitting, right-of-way acquisition and material procurement has commenced for this project, and construction is expected to begin in the third quarter of 2015 with completion expected in the third quarter of 2016. Once completed, the pipeline system should enable local refineries to integrate and optimize their operations and should provide the refineries with pipeline access to domestically produced crude oil. This project is a good example of how the decline in oil prices can increase downstream demand for oil and have a positive impact on demand for new pipeline infrastructure. Also this morning, I am pleased to announce that Quanta has recently been selected by Columbia Pipeline Group, a business unit of NiSource Inc., for segment 2 of a major natural gas pipeline project. Our scope of work includes right-of-way clearing and the construction of approximately 46 miles of new 36-inch diameter natural gas mainline pipe in Ohio and West Virginia. Right-of-way clearing is expected to begin in the first quarter of 2017. Mainline pipe construction is expected to begin in the spring of 2017 with project completion expected in the fourth quarter of 2017.  We achieved record backlog of $2.68 billion in our oil and gas infrastructure segment at the end of the first quarter. We expect backlog to remain healthy throughout 2015 in this segment, as we anticipate sizable mainline pipeline awards this year potentially offsetting the delays of certain electric power transmission project contract awards that I mentioned earlier. Additionally, we believe the increase in mainline project activity in 2015 will more than offset any decline in revenues we may experience in certain markets due to lower oil prices. As a result, we anticipate revenues and operating income growth in the oil and gas infrastructure segment this year.  Regarding our fiber optic licensing operations, as announced this morning, we have entered into a definitive agreement to sell our fiber optic licensing operations to Crown Castle International for approximately $1 billion in cash, subject to various regulatory approvals and other customary conditions prior to closing. We expect the transition to close by the end of this year. I would like to thank all of our fiber optic licensing operation employees for their contribution to our organization over the past years. This transaction enables us to enhance our strategic focus on energy infrastructure markets, which we continue to believe will undergo substantial development in the coming years. The purchase price represents a 15x trailing EBITDA multiple, which recognizes the significant value these operations have created as part of Quanta.  Sunesys provided Quanta growth opportunities at high margins and a differentiated service offering, which has always been appealing to Quanta. Since our acquisition of Sunesys in 2007, the business has more than tripled in size. Although we have continued to pursue various strategic initiatives within this space to continue to create incremental value, we have been mindful of the increasingly competitive environment and market activity and felt that ultimately, a more appropriate owner could better serve the growth opportunities for Sunesys. With that in mind, we concluded that the proceeds we will receive in this transaction offered our shareholders more certainty versus a changing market environment that added risk to Quanta's potential execution, and we are pleased to have reached an agreement with Crown Castle.  In summary, while our full year guidance was revised downward, primarily to take into account the shortfalls that occurred in the first quarter, we remain confident that the industry drivers of our electric power and oil and gas infrastructure segments remain intact. In 2015, we anticipate some headwinds in our electric power segment, primarily due to project delays associated with the regulatory environment. However, we believe any softness in the electric power segment this year could be offset by the robust environment for our oil and gas infrastructure segment, driven by mainline pipe opportunities. We continue to expand and develop our employee base and broaden our service offerings to meet our customers' growing needs. And we are executing on strategies that differentiate Quanta and position the company for both near- and long-term growth. Finally, the definitive agreement to sell our fiber optic licensing operations comes at an opportune time. It will enable us to enhance our strategic focus on energy infrastructure markets, which we believe will undergo substantial development in the coming years.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our financial results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.89 billion for the first quarter of 2015 compared to $1.76 billion in the prior year's first quarter, reflecting an increase of 7.1% in quarter-over-quarter revenues. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $53.5 million or $0.25 per diluted share as compared to $54.4 million or $0.25 per diluted share in the first quarter of last year. Included in net income attributable to common stock for the first quarter of 2014 was an aggregate $38.8 million or $25.8 million net of tax of incremental selling, general and administrative expense associated with an adverse arbitration decision regarding a contract dispute on a directional drilling project that occurred in 2010. The net impact of this decision on our first quarter 2014 results was a $0.12 reduction in diluted earnings per share. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes this and certain other items as presented in today's press release, was $0.31 for the first quarter of 2015 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.44 for the first quarter of 2014. Before I get into the broader financial discussion, I'd like to provide a bit more color on our performance against expectations for the quarter. Our lower-than-expected results can be categorized primarily in 3 components: the largest component is the impact on production of the various weather factors in Canada, which Jim noted in his comments. Our previous first quarter guidance of $0.31 to $0.37 per diluted share considered these factors. However, the number of days of productivity impacted for certain projects was as much as 2 to 3x our original estimates. We would estimate that these impacts were roughly half of the shortfall against our expectations for the quarter. An additional project-related variance was a power plant project, which we've recorded at breakeven margins during the quarter as compared to our typical electric power margins. Lastly, largely due to the weather impacts of the first quarter, our ratio of expected earnings from foreign operations, to total earnings for the year is now lower, which has the effect of increasing our overall tax rate for the year. The combination of the impact from the power plant project and the change in the effective tax rate for the quarter was roughly $0.03. We are currently evaluating potential change orders or claims in response to certain aspects of these projects' circumstances. However, none will reflect in our first quarter results. Turning to a discussion of the broader release, the increase in consolidated revenues in the first quarter of 2015 as compared to the same quarter last year was primarily due to a 39.3% increase in revenues from our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment, partially offset by a 4.1% decrease in revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. Quantifying the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates between the quarters, consolidated revenues and earnings were negatively impacted by approximately 4% when compared to the first quarter of last year. Our consolidated gross margin was 13.4% in the first quarter of 2015 as compared to 15.4% in the first quarter of 2014. This decrease was primarily due to the negative operational impacts I described previously. Selling, general and administrative expenses as presented in this quarter's earnings release were $150.2 million in the first quarter of 2015, reflecting an increase of $15.8 million as compared to the first quarter of 2014. This increase is primarily due to $7.3 million in incremental G&A costs associated with acquired companies and approximately $2.9 million in higher compensation and incentive costs associated with current levels of operations and $2.3 million in higher costs associated with ongoing technology and business development initiatives. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 8% in the first quarter 2015 as compared to 7.6% in the first quarter of 2014. This increase is primarily attributable to the reduced revenues associated with foreign currency exchange rates and its impact on the absorption of consolidated overhead costs.  Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense was 5.4% for 1Q '15 and compares to a 5.6% consolidated operating margin before amortization expense in 1Q '14, which was impacted by 220 basis points due to the arbitration expense in the prior year.  Amortization of intangible assets increased to $8.7 million in the first quarter of 2015 from $8.2 million in 1Q '14, primarily due to amortization of intangible assets associated with acquisitions that have closed since the first quarter of last year. To further discuss our segment results, electric power revenues were $1.23 billion, reflecting a decrease of $52.4 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 4.1%. Revenues during the quarter were negatively impacted by approximately $32 million as a result of the fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the first quarter of 2015 as compared to the first quarter of 2014. In addition, due to normal fluctuations in project timing, certain larger projects were ongoing in last year's first quarter, which were at or near completion by the first quarter of this year. Lastly, emergency restoration revenues decreased approximately $17.7 million [ph] quarter-over-quarter to $19.5 million. This decrease was offset by approximately $20 million in incremental revenues from companies acquired subsequent to the first quarter of last year. Operating margin in the electric power segment decreased to 8.8% in the first quarter of 2015 as compared to 11.3% in last year's first quarter, primarily due to the effects outlined in my previous comments. Sequentially as of March 31, 2015, 12-month and total backlog for the electric power segment decreased by 4.6% and 3.9%, largely as a result of an approximate $140 million decrease due to changes in currency rates. Oil and Gas segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by $175.2 million or 39.3% to $621.1 million in 1Q '15, largely as a result of revenue contributions of approximately $130 million from companies acquired subsequent to the first quarter of last year, but additionally from strong organic growth associated with increased capital spending by our customers. Partially offsetting these increases is the negative impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the first quarter '15 as compared to the first quarter '14, [indiscernible] estimated to have negatively impacted revenues by approximately $33 million. Also partially offsetting the increase in revenues is the reduction in demand for some of our services due to the recent decline in oil prices. Operating income for the Oil and Gas segment as a percentage of revenues increased to 3.9% in 1Q '15 from negative 4.7% in 1Q '14. This increase was primarily due to the impact in the prior year for the arbitration expense mentioned previously, which negatively impacted the segment by 870 basis points in the first quarter of 2014. The 12-month and total backlog for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment increased sequentially by 2.1% and 6.3%. Backlog for this segment is at the highest level since we have identified it as an operating segment. I will comment later in my prepared remarks on the disposition of our fiber licensing operations. But as far as the first quarter's performance, our Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment revenues were up $1.6 million or 4.1% to $40.1 million in 1Q '15 as compared to $38.5 million in 1Q '14 due to higher levels of ancillary telecommunication service revenues. Operating margin decreased to 28.7% in 1Q '15 as compared to 31.4% in 1Q '14, primarily due to a change in [indiscernible] the higher proportion of revenues derived from ancillary telecommunication services as well as incremental lit fiber activities, both of which typically carry lower margins versus dark fiber services. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $5 million in the first quarter of 2015 as compared to 1Q '14, primarily as a result of $3.8 million in higher compensation and incentive costs, $1.7 million higher costs associated with ongoing technology and business development initiatives and $1.2 million in higher consulting and professional fees. These increases were partially offset by $3.2 million in lower acquisition and integration costs.  EBITA for the first quarter of 2015 was $97.5 million or 5.2% of revenues compared to $95.1 million or 5.4% of revenues for the first quarter of 2014. Adjusted EBITDA was $153 million or 8.1% of revenues for the first quarter of 2015 compared to $185.6 million or 10.5% of revenues for the first quarter of 2014. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are all non-GAAP measures. And the definitions of these and day sales outstanding or DSO can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. For the first quarter of 2015, cash flow provided by operations was approximately $189 million. And net capital expenditures were approximately $65 million, resulting in approximately $124 million of free cash flow as compared to negative free cash flow of approximately $130 million for the first quarter of 2014. The increase in free cash flow was primarily driven by the timing of the collection of various receivables, including $65 million associated with the previously delayed payments on the Sunrise Powerlink Project as well as lower taxes payable due to the charge to provision for long-term contract receivables in 2014 and its impact on our 2015 estimated tax payment as well as reduced incentive compensation payments based upon the company's performance against incentive metrics in 2014 as compared to 2013. DSOs are flat at 83 days at March 31, 2015 compared to 83 days at December 31, 2014 and 80 days at March 31, 2014.  Investing cash flows during the first quarter of 2015 were impacted by aggregate cash consideration paid of approximately $34.7 million net of cash acquired related to 3 acquisitions closed during the quarter. Financing cash flows during the first quarter of 2015 were impacted by the repurchase of 6.7 million shares of our common stock for approximately $182 million.  At March 31, 2015, we had approximately $135.5 million in cash, with approximately $103.8 million in U.S. funds and $31.7 million relating to our foreign operations. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had about $328.5 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding to secure our casualty insurance program and other contractual commitments. And we had $106.4 million of borrowings in Canada outstanding under our credit [ph] facility. Including our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $1 billion in total liquidity as of March 31, 2015.  Concerning our outlook for 2015, we expect revenues for the second quarter to range between $1.95 billion and $2.05 billion, and diluted earnings per share to be $0.36 to $0.42 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.86 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.37 in the second quarter of 2014. Our GAAP EPS forecast for the second quarter of 2015 includes an estimate of $10.6 million for noncash stock-based compensation expense and $8.9 million for amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2015 is expected to be $0.42 to $0.48 and compares to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.43 in the second quarter of 2014. Specific weather dynamics that impacted certain projects in the first quarter have, to an extent, carried over into the beginning of the second quarter, such that we currently do not expect to be able to make up for lost productivity and we have factored that into our estimates for the second quarter. On an annual basis, we expect revenues to range between $8.1 billion and $8.5 billion. And we currently anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share for the year to be between $1.70 to $1.90. In addition, we estimate $41.5 million for noncash stock-based compensation expense and $35.5 million for amortization expense for the full year of 2015 and anticipate non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be between $1.94 to $2.14. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in our release. We lowered our annual guidance primarily due to the impact of the first quarter shortfall in EPS. However, the additional factor contributing to our reduced guidance is the overall increase in our annual effective tax rate. Our current expectations for the year is for a smaller proportion of our earnings to be earned in Canada, which has a lower tax rate as compared to earnings in the United States. This change in the proportion of foreign earnings increased our estimated effective tax rate for the year by as much as 200 basis points, which had the effect of lowering our annual EPS expectation by as much as $0.06. We are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be between 36% and 36.5% for 2015. As a result of some of the project delays Jim referred to, at the midpoint of our guidance for the year, we see electric power revenue showing flat to modest growth. As a reminder, this forecast takes into consideration the current foreign exchange rate environment as compared to 2014, which results in a reduction of 3% to 5% when comparing the annual period. Also similar to our year-end commentary, we are holding our estimated operating margin guidance for the year to 10% to 11% in the Electric Power segment, which reflects our expectation to perform within the 10% to 12% range in the third and fourth quarters of this year.  For the Oil and Gas segment, as Jim commented, oil price uncertainty has created incremental softness in demand for certain of our services. And as such, the midpoint of our range now reflects operating margin slightly lower than 9%, and our midpoint revenue guidance requires no incremental mainline pipe project starts for this year.  For additional guidance, we expect net income attributable to noncontrolling interest to be approximately $1.3 million in the second quarter of 2015. However, these JV relationships wind down by the middle of the year, and therefore, we expect no noncontrolling interest deduction in the latter half of 2015.  We currently estimate our diluted share count to be about 215 million shares for the year. Both the second quarter and annual 2015 guidance reflect the current foreign exchange rate environment. Continued movement in -- for foreign currency rates in the future could make comparisons to prior periods difficult.  We expect CapEx for all of 2015 to be approximately $275 million to $305 million when factoring in 2015-to-date acquisitions, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing and Other segment of about $50 million to $60 million without regard to the planned disposition of these operations later this year. This compares to CapEx for all of 2014 of $301 million.  I'll now turn my commentary to a discussion of our announcement to divest of our fiber optic licensing operations. As discussed in today's release, we entered into an agreement to divest of these operations subsequent to the end of the first quarter for approximately $1 billion in gross proceeds. We currently estimate net proceeds from the transaction to be approximately $800 million. We expect to record a gain upon closing of the transaction. However, as the timing of the close is uncertain, my previous guidance comments include the contribution of the fiber operations as though we maintain their operations through the entire year. As such for the 12-month period ending December 31, 2015, Quanta's fiber licensing operations are estimated to generate approximately $105 million to $110 million in revenue and contribute $0.12 to $0.13 in diluted earnings per share. The transaction was committed to in the second quarter, and we will be evaluating whether to treat the operations as assets held for sale as part of our second quarter reporting. In any event, upon closing, the results of operations would be expected to be treated as discontinued operation, at which time we will provide supplemental information to restate previous periods for comparability.  We believe there is opportunity to create incremental shareholder value with the proceeds from this transaction by our repurchasing our stock, acquiring energy infrastructure services companies and/or making strategic investments. We will continue to evaluate all of the opportunities we could -- we believe could create shareholder value going forward. However, we expect to use the proceeds for a combination of these purposes. As a reminder of our recent activity in these regards, through the date of this call, we have invested approximately $322 million in cash to acquire companies and approximately $275 million in cash to repurchase stock since January 1, 2014. We currently have $225 million available under our current stock repurchase program. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with a focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital and capital expenditure growth and an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions, investments and repurchases of Quanta stock. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Jim, first question for you. Given the confidence you have on your -- the momentum in your core markets, clearly, your stock is undervalued. So as you look at the opportunity with the fiber optic sale and really how you see investments, would your stock not be the best investment? And when we look at that $800 million in net proceeds you'll be getting from there, would it -- can you at least try to give us a bit of an idea of how much of a chunk of that could potentially go towards the acquisition at this point -- sorry, towards repurchases at this point?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I'm going to let Derrick talk about that briefly. I'll just say that the uses of capital, we've got the significant amount of working capital to fund on pipeline projects. There's M&A activity and certainly, there's an opportunity to buy back stock. So I don't think there's going to be much change in use of capital, at least the strategy for our uses of capital, but I'll let Derrick add some additional commentary.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Tahira, I agree with Jim's comments. I mean, although we do see opportunities there, you can see with our original repurchase program that we've used a good portion of that all the way through the first quarter of this year. And we have $225 million remaining under that program to date. So we obviously see that being one of the uses of capital and a good use of capital. Having said that, M&A and investments we still believe are significant contributor, and in fact, we believe create greater long-term value. And so we will still be looking at that. We still consider ourselves to be an acquisitive company. But I think it will be a combination of those things, is what you'll see. And we'll be opportunistic at how we balance those based upon the M&A and investment-type pipeline, looking back and forth between that versus capital repurchase. The other thing I'll comment that although we announced the transaction today, it's still subject to regulatory approval, and there's a timing issue to when that may close. And although we anticipate a very low risk to closing, there is still a bit of risk to that. And I think that she -- we will be, in our minds, a little premature to make a significant move in a permanent capital play until we see how that plays out.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Fair enough, folks. Second question is in regards to the electric transmission side. Clearly, there are some very large projects still out there, as you mentioned. As revenues slow down because these projects are being delayed, can you still see backlog grow as some of these hit by the end of the year? Or does it seem like on the electric T&D side, we are now looking at maybe backlog investing flattish?
James F. O'Neil: I think that you can have quarter-over-quarter fluctuations in backlog, Tahira. But it should remain strong and even grow, if we get some pent-up backlog because we can't get through the construction delay. Because of construction delays typically projects aren't awarded until they get the permitting cleared and the projects moved to construction. So delays in backlog in revenues kind of work hand in hand with one another. But I do think that certainly, the multi-year outlook is really -- is strong. What's happening is we're getting a lot of -- our work is starting to move toward the Northeast U.S. and into Eastern Canada. That's where you typically have harder -- our customers have more difficult times permitting lines, primarily because of the customer population and density, but we do think that we'll break through here as we move into '16. And there are other opportunities in the Southeast U.S. and the Western U.S., particularly to deal with the intermittency of renewables, where permitting has historically been easier in the western states. So we see a lot of opportunity out there for growth. How backlog plays out: It should remain strong and grow over a multi-year period.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Now that we're a little bit further into the oil downturn, gentlemen, what do you -- you guys have $1 billion shale business on the pipe side. And then I assume you're doing some electrification in the shales of -- in your power segment. I mean, what are you seeing in the shales right now?
James F. O'Neil: I think on the last call, I said that the low price of oil would affect us about 5% of our total business. It's probably a little bit more than that right now. Fortunately, we weren't really concentrated in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, where those oil-rich sands and those areas have been impacted from the wellhead to the midstream gathering programs. Those are down. The Marcellus, we're still active there. We have seen a little bit of slowdown but that's primarily because of the inability to get permitting for the main pipelines to take product out of there, not the low price of oil. But overall, the gathering work we anticipate will still run about the same revenue -- at the same revenue level as we -- have been experiencing over the last several years. And if it did fall off, we certainly believe that any fall off in the oil and gas sector, whether it's a downturn in gathering or services impacted by the low price of oil will be offset by mainline additions that we expect here, not only this year, but over the next several years.
Adam Robert Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: That's my follow-up question on the mainline additions. Why would Columbia be -- award this job now for something that starts in 2017?
James F. O'Neil: Well, because customers are concerned about capacity. And to our comments over the last several quarters, there are some customers that are trying to plan their -- plan out their construction strategy earlier in the game. So you are going to see some awards, I believe, over the next several quarters that will have some time in between the contract award and when the project's start date is. And a lot of that is being driven by these projects are very large in size and scope. They need to be planned early. And they need to have a certainty that the construction resources will be available to do the work.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: For my first question, I just wanted to dig into the free cash flow profile of the business a little bit. First, just on the kind of core business, given that you're expecting somewhat lower growth in transmission this year, how are you thinking about working capital investment? Do you think it's still going to be an investment this year? Or that it could be a source of cash? And then, also am I thinking about this correctly, with the fiber optic licensing sale, that it should actually be free cash flow, accretive, given that you're losing some net income but obviously, you've been investing heavily in CapEx for that business? So overall, you could actually see a bit of the benefit.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, as it relates to the kind of global free cash flow, I've made comments last year that I thought 2015 might have the opportunity to have overall stronger free cash flow. We're seeing that here in the first quarter to the extent that there is a little bit of a flatness in revenues that generally offers opportunity for a stronger bit of free cash flow. But right now, I'm still looking at my DSOs to still run probably in the 80-day range throughout the year, so that will create that kind of a regular pace. And to the extent that mainline opportunities come about, mainline is actually where I see a bigger need for working capital and some of the demand. So I think that will offset some of that creation of cash that might happen on the electric power side. Most specifically, we think that we'll see -- continue to see those jobs ramp up throughout the rest of the year, which will continue to draw on working capital. On the fiber side, yes, what I would say is we have historically invested CapEx about equal to the cash flow that, that segment created. So net-net, we were about a 0 dollar free cash flow for fiber. So once you take that out, at least as ratio perspective, it seems to improve the ratio.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Second, just given that you have these funds coming in, can you just expand a little bit on your appetite for acquisitions? You've been making a lot of smaller bolt-on acquisitions, would that -- is that what you continue to plan to do? Or would you look to maybe make some larger acquisitions? And then, you talked about wanting to increase your presence in the energy space. Would this be kind of continuing to look in electric and pipeline? Or do you think you might look to maybe just a tangential energy market?
James F. O'Neil: Noelle, this is Jim. I think we're going to continue to be opportunistic on acquisitions. I don't think -- our strategy has not changed. I do believe that we will see the same number of acquisitions that we've, as far as the number that we've transacted on, will be comparable to the last several years. The dollar value will probably be a little bit lower. So the total consideration we pay for acquisitions in '15 will probably be less than what we did in '13 and '14. I don't see any big acquisition out there. And I think that's probably the concern of investors that we're going to take this money go make a big play in M&A, and we don't see that right now. I think we're going to continue to be very selective and continue to follow the same strategy that we've embarked on the last several years.
Derrick A. Jensen: One bit additional color to that is that of those acquisitions, you might see the cash-stock mix switch a little bit. As you've seen throughout the first quarter and second quarter, actually most transactions, if not all, have effectively been all cash transactions. The size of those transactions dictate a little bit of that, such that you might see us using a little bit more cash because of those smaller-sized deals.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just 2 questions. One, in your prepared remarks, Jim, I think you mentioned some delays on certain transmission projects related to your usual regulatory stuff. I was just hoping you could provide some color in terms of the total size of the projects, how many they are? Is there anything similar about those projects, which are causing sort of the regulatory issues? Or is it just more of the same? And sort of could you quantify what your impact is in terms of earnings for '15? And does that roll into '16? And then, my second question, just again on the -- the decision to sell. You, obviously, got a really good multiple: The 15x. That's interesting. But is there -- should I read anything, Jim or Derrick, into the timing? I mean, you obviously got a very good multiple. And we can also argue that the multiples for the businesses that you're in are probably fairly depressed, given the market short-term view on sort of energy? So are you trying to be, I guess, opportunistic here just because these multiples are depressed for the potential acquisitions you're looking at?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, first on your question on transmission projects, I think it's pervasive throughout both larger projects and also projects we're doing under MSAs to where it's just more difficult to cite any infrastructure. The larger projects I do want to reiterate, they're not canceled. They just get pushed out. It's very difficult to sight and permit some of these larger lines, and we do see delays of up to years here. We were in some of the final stages of permitting and sighting. We thought projects would move forward by the end of this year, but they slipped into '16. And again, the smaller MSA-type transmission projects, we also see some issues there, especially in areas that have a population concentration. It's just difficult to even site projects that are just a mile or 2 long if this transmission and not reconductoring of any existing right-of-ways. As far as Sunesys, there was no rhyme or reason to why, there was no -- we didn't sell Sunesys because the M&A multiples were down in the Oil and Gas sector. This is something that we've been contemplating primarily for several different reasons, but the fiber market has continued to accelerate. The competitive environment has continued to change. There's been a lot of mergers, acquisitions, private equities involved, very -- a lot of aggressiveness by competition to penetrate Sunesys' footprint. We don't have the capital to compete in that environment today. I mean, that business has changed significantly over the last 5 years in a good way. We've done our best to create, and we have created value for our investors but we think that at the rate that the market is accelerating, we felt that we could lose our competitive advantage because we didn't have the capital to compete. I mean, you're seeing hundreds of millions of dollars deployed by customers -- or by competitors into this space. And it does -- that business takes a lot of cash to compete, and that's not who we are. We're an energy infrastructure company and we had to pick our priority. And our priority is certainly to build out opportunities in the energy infrastructure space, and that's where our capital is going to go. So it's just the best decision for the employees of Sunesys and it's the best decision for our shareholders and it did happen at a very opportune time, I think, in the industry. In our industry, both from on the energy side and on the fiber side for Crown Castle.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: So another follow-up on the electric side, Jim. So just so I understand, this sounds like an evolution from maybe the fourth quarter as to incremental delays. When you think about your guidance for this year, your second half guidance doesn't look like it was materially changed. So is this essentially a bet that you're going to get sufficient pipeline to backfill? Or is that pipeline on the mainline side that you already have that's going to backfill for these delays?
James F. O'Neil: No, we've got -- at the midpoint of our guidance, we have, in hand, the mainline work this year. So if there aren't any delays, I mean, these are projects that are permitted or ready to go, that some of them are even on construction now. We would, on the higher end of our guidance, would require some new awards, which is a possibility in the fourth quarter of this year because we do see things on the mainline side beginning to accelerate. But we would require some uncommitted mainline to get to the top end of our guidance. I think on the electric side, I mean, transmission, we're not -- we have not peaked, but we've -- we have taken a pause. And that's going to happen. I mean, we've had significant growth in transmission over the last several years. Some of these delays -- we are pausing. I mean, we're still going to generate revenues at a high level, consistent with where we've been here over the last several quarters, but we're not going to see a fall off. But I think our growth -- any falloff can be -- will be replaced or augmented by mainline pipe on a consolidated basis.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then real quick, as it relates to the fiber business, obviously, you have pretty attractive takeout multiple. But just wondering, as you thought through this process, were there other opportunities to do this, i.e. was there consideration of spin-off? Was this an auction? Or was this just a bilateral negotiation with you and Crown Castle? If you could just give a little bit more color on the decision-making?
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've had a great working relationship with Crown Castle over the last several years. They've licensed our fiber for their small-cell deployment. And it just evolved into a discussion from working together as strategic partners to try to deploy their small-cell. And it moved into a situation where we did consider other options at the time, very hard. We did bring in JPMorgan from the standpoint of helping us work through those decisions. They've done more fiber deals than anybody in this space. We felt that the offer that we received from Crown Castle was very attractive compared to historical multiples that have been paid in this business. And so we felt that it was in the best interest to move forward with them to see if we can strike a deal. One of the main reasons we did that is I didn't need disruption of the Sunesys' workforce. And very public processes can create a negative impact on operations. So it just worked out really well. I think it was the cleanest way to do a deal. We got outside advisers. We did consider options, but the multiple that they were offering us in the process was, I think, the most efficient way and the quickest way to get to an SBA.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm wondering if you can just give us a sense for the oil and gas booking activity that's going on in Canada, both on the smaller side and at Banister. What kind of work is being booked there right now? And how are you managing the resources there, given the uncertainty of some of the bigger projects?
James F. O'Neil: I think Canada is a very robust environment. It's -- Banister is the #1 player in that market in Canada in mainline. We have seen some delays here in '15 in some of Banister's. The opportunities that we expected in '15 did get pushed, but I would say that our robustness and the outlook is for Banister is more than what we anticipated when we bought them. And certainly, I think that mainline opportunities are going to play out for them in a big way as we move into '16 and beyond because they are the #1 player in Canada, and they have significant customer relationships with pipeline companies in Canada. So the Banister acquisition was very strategic for us. And while '15 will be a little bit soft for them, we're going to see some nice opportunities in the outer years with Banister leading those mainline pipe efforts.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. On the electric side, I think you mentioned the power plant that was not performing to expectations. Can you just give a little more color there? Remind us of how big that project is? What's going wrong? How far along it is and how confident are you that there won't be any kind of further negative issues there?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, the main problem there was material delays. I mean, we were on schedule. We're not really having performance issues. It's about a $200 million job. I believe we're 50% complete on it. We had some material delays on critical components that -- from manufacturing that created some issues. So we had to take some hits on that projects in the first quarter, but we believe things are heading in the right direction now there. But it was worthy of pointing out because it did have an impact on the quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alex Rygiel with FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: To follow up on the last question, has the challenge with the power plant project changed your view on power generation at all?
James F. O'Neil: We've always said that we were going to be very selective in power generation. This is not an area that we see as a growth platforms per se but an area that we're going to be opportunistic on the smaller combined cycle plants. It's unfortunate that we have this issue here, but we do see opportunities to capitalize in some specialized areas on power plants going forward but this isn't a third leg of a stool or growth platform for us. It's more like renewables, that we have the expertise in-house to execute at a certain level on these projects. And we'll continue to be opportunistic when we can. Unfortunately, we've just had some issues on this 1 job, but I think there's opportunities going forward to take advantage of in this market at times.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Derrick, and I may have missed this. What was the foreign currency impact on backlog for both 12 months and total backlog?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, from a foreign currency perspective quarter-over-quarter, I'd call it, roughly 3%. It's about $140 million in electric power, I think, I called out for backlog, and that's 12 -- that's sequential backlog.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Rogers with D.A. Davidson.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jim, just following up on comments about some of the deferrals and delays on the power side and also on the pipeline side, that you're seeing owners try and line up projects earlier. What are you seeing in the pricing market? I mean, that would suggest that there is excess capacity in the electrical side and capacity's tight on the pipeline side.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, some customers are traditionally bidding out projects as they've done in the past. Many have moved to a negotiated type stance to whether they're negotiating solely with 1 contractor, or 2 contractors on bigger programs. We're seeing a trend in that direction. I would say on the bidding, you're always going to have competition and you're going to always have to people that are being irrational and we're going to use our same bidding discipline that we've employed over the last several years. So our margins that we're bidding are no different than the margins that we've bid on in the past. But we are, on a positive note, seeing many customers again with these big capital programs that are moving toward a negotiating -- negotiated stance while -- exclusively with contractors. But margins in backlog right now are consistent with what we've historically generated over the last year or so.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And how far away are we from an improvement -- I mean, margins in the pipeline business that are double digits on an annual basis, that several years away still?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I think margins in that segment are directly correlated to executing on mainline pipe projects and having a healthy amount of mainline revenue. And I think that's imminent. I mean, I think that as we get into '16, we should be in that 9% to 12% range if the mainline pipe programs play out as we expect. So I know people have been waiting for this for quite some time. We've been speaking about it for a couple of years. It's probably slipped about 9 months to a year from when I thought it was going to happen. Instead of being a '15 dynamic, though, I really think '16, certainly. We're starting to really get some visibility now that gives us some confidence that mainline pipe in '16 is going to happen.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe Derrick, for you, just some these numbers you gave, but just on the acquisitions that were completed in the quarter. Can you give us the backlog, the annualized revenue and maybe the aggregate capital deployed? The backlog and the annualized revenue by segment? Just to have -- give us a sense about how those things might be filtering in over the next year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I assume you're talking about the ones that were closed here in the second quarter. There's a couple of small deals. I'd say run rate revenue is probably in the $25 million to $35 million range in electric power. And backlog, call it, probably about $35 million, $40 million.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Nothing on the pipeline side?
Derrick A. Jensen: No, not for the deals closed in the second quarter they were both electric power.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got you. And on the big 2017 gas pipeline, that didn't go in backlog yet, did it? Or will it be in the second quarter of '15 backlog?
Derrick A. Jensen: No, it's not in backlog as of 3/31.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Many of my questions have been asked and answered. Have there been many change orders in either of the segments at this time?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean, change orders are a regular part of our business, both approved and unapproved change-orders. That's an ongoing part of our business. I'd say there's no one quarter per se that stands out more than another in that regard. I did comment, as it relates to the specific activity we called out for -- here in the first quarter that we have not booked anything unique to that activity. So to the extent that are able to go through and do anything from a quantification perspective, that could lead to some potential upside in future quarters. But as it stands for those projects, we have not recorded any change orders.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Okay, Derrick. And another question focused on the oil and gas arena, primarily on the margins there this first quarter. Any one particular project that had an impact on margins? Or was it really just many of them in the weather areas that you voiced earlier?
Derrick A. Jensen: No, I mean, there wasn't any particular project performance that stands out really to cause an individual fluctuation per se on oil and gas. The margins for the first quarter, once you take out the arbitration cost for last year, are very comparable quarter-over-quarter and reflects, in our mind, a fairly normal seasonality. We would expect that there would be a little bit of pressure in the oil and gas margins in the fourth -- first quarter and then continue to grow throughout the year, much like we saw in last year. So as we go out further, I think you'll see us back into that 9% to 12% range overall. But I would still always anticipate that the first quarter have some degree of challenge just because of the normal seasonality.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Shlisky with Global Hunter Securities.
Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: So in the quarter, your corporate costs were up 11%, but your revenues were only up 7%. Are there any sort of onetime items in the quarter that are kind of worth pointing out? And what's the appropriate corporate cost rate going forward?
Derrick A. Jensen: There was -- there weren't anything particular to call out. I mean, we've got just kind of normal conversation adjustments, primarily associated with cost of living as well as that you have the full year effect or starting to get full effect, new employees that were hired last year. A lot of that having to deal with a lot of the greenfield and strategic initiatives that we have going on and bringing on personnel to support those initiatives. So that's why you'll see a little bit of G&A front running some portion of revenue in that. As far as guidance, overall, I think I'd say that corporate unallocated will continue to run somewhere in the 2.5% to 2.9% range; fairly consistent with what you saw in 2014.
Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then secondly, on Australia, can you maybe update us on kind of what's been going on there? And do you have any plans to accelerate or decelerate your investment there given all the cash coming in and the FX rates?
James F. O'Neil: We still look at Australia as a great opportunity for us to expand the Quanta footprint. They had a great year last year. Probably won't see growth there because of the economy and the price of oil, but don't see any big fall-off there either. Coal seam gas projects are moving forward, but many of our customers in coal seam gas also have some oil interests. So they've been hit there on their other investments and their cash flows are down. So their pace of investment in the coal seam gas development has slowed somewhat. But with that said, there's opportunities to take advantage of in the electric space as well, and we continue to look at opportunities to grow there. There's just so many market drivers there that, with the deregulation that's occurring there, the aging infrastructure, renewable interconnections, there's a lot of opportunity to expand our electric and to maintain and grow our pipeline segment as well, as the opportunity exists. So I would say that we're going to just be calculated and our investments in Australia and slowly and opportunistically grow that platform. But there won't be any big play in Australia because of the Sunesys transaction.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Maybe talk about the expectations for the Electric Power segment margin in the long term? Do you think, given the changes in the backlog and product delays, that your expectations for the longer term outlook on the margins front have changed?
Derrick A. Jensen: No. I mean, we would still say that overall, we see electric power margins being able to be within the 10% to 12% range long term. This year, we still see the opportunity, for the latter half of the year, for our margins to be in that 10% to 12% range once we get past some degree of the seasonality that we're having here in the first and second quarter. And so with that, I mean, we are -- as Jim commented earlier, the margins on our backlog are very comparable to what we've seen over the last several years as far as -- from an execution and expectation standpoint. So I think that we'll see clearly opportunity for 10% to 12% margins in the Electric Power on a go-forward basis.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And then just on the mainline work, I mean, I must have missed this question, if you were already asked. But are you seeing any impact at all on the pricing environment and the margins that you expect from that segment especially? And how should we think about, again, the back half of the year, given the mix of your expectations or given the mix of mainline work? Do you see that margins in the back half of -- will be much better than the first few quarters?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I would say it's very similar to electric power. Our normal seasonality is that as you look through the years, the second, third and fourth quarters have a tendency to have both expansion in revenue and somewhat an expansion in margin throughout. So to that end, I think that we'll see higher margin opportunities in the Oil and Gas segment for the third and fourth quarter. And your first part of that, which is speaking to mainline, I mean, we continue to see that also that margins are very capable of getting us back into the 9% to 12% range and executing at that level. And over the long term, we very much see that those mainline contributions will be pushing us -- pushing the segment to that type of level of performance.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, and I want to reiterate, our bidding discipline has not changed on mainline as well. And we continue to see additional opportunities come in, employing that discipline. So as Derrick stated, once we get into next year and we have a significant level of mainline pipe, we should be able to get within the range that we expect in that 9% to 12% range.
Operator: And this concludes the question-and-answer session, and I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank all of you for participating on our first quarter 2015 conference call. We do appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-19 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Xiao
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's presentation is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Doris, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review fourth quarter and full year 2014 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you'd like to have Quanta news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of the Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. You can also access Quanta's latest earnings release and other investor materials such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audio-casts, conference calls and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations app, which is available for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 19, 2015. And therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events, performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013; its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the first, second and third quarters of 2014; and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise and disclaims any written or oral statements made by any third party regarding the subject matter of this call. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thank you, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Quanta's fourth quarter capped another successful year. Compared to the full year of 2013, revenues increased 20%, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 16% and backlog increased nearly 12% to record levels. These results reflect Quanta's leadership position in the industry, strong and safe project execution by our operating units and the ability to execute on our strategic plan to broaden the infrastructure solutions we provide to our customers. As we close out 2014 with this call, I want to thank our employees, who I believe are the best in the industry and the primary reason we consistently differentiate ourselves from our competitors in an ever-changing market environment. The significant decline in oil prices over the past several months has created considerable concern in the investment community about how low oil prices could impact our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services operations. I think it is important that I spend some time this morning discussing how the current oil price dynamic may impact our operations going forward. I will do so in more detail shortly but wanted to share early on in my remarks that despite the uncertain oil price environment we are experiencing, we believe Quanta can achieve double-digit earnings per share growth in 2015 versus the prior year. I want to highlight that our Electric Power segment is the largest portion of our business, which, in 2014, accounted for 67% of revenues and almost 69% of the operating income generated by our 3 segments, excluding unusual items. Our Electric Power segment grew revenues nearly 17% in 2014 over 2013. Acquisitions during the year contributed to the growth. But organically, the Electric segment grew approximately 12%. This growth was driven by solid demand for our transmission, distribution, substation and other Electric Power Infrastructure Services throughout North America. We believe the industry drivers that have fueled this segment's growth over the past several years should continue through 2015 and beyond. In 2014, Quanta was awarded 2 large electric transmission projects in Canada, the Labrador-Island Transmission Link HVDC transmission project for Nalcor Energy and more recently, the Fort McMurray West 500 kV Transmission Project for the Alberta Electric System Operator. These are the largest project awards in Quanta's history. The Fort McMurray West 500 kV Transmission Project was a concession awarded onto the Alberta Electric System Operators, or AESO's, newly-created competitive transmission process. Quanta partnered with ATCO Group, a long-time customer to compete for this project. The AESO received interest for this project from companies around the world. And after an extensive process that examined technical, financial and developmental expertise, they selected the Quanta and ATCO team. Our utility customers have made significant investment in their electric power infrastructure throughout North America over the past several years, and we expect continued strong levels of investment by utilities in transmission and distribution infrastructure going forward. The dynamics spurring North America transmission and distribution investment that we have discussed on our earnings calls for the past several years continue to drive our customers to invest in their electric power infrastructure. The most significant drivers include: An aging power grid, the majority of which is approaching or beyond the end of its useful life that is largely not configured to serve the population centers of today; the changing mix of power generation, including the increase in renewable generation development; the switch from coal and natural gas-fired generation; and continued hydro generation development in Canada. As a result of these dynamics, new transmission and related infrastructure is required to interconnect these new generation sources to the grid and existing infrastructure needs to be upgraded, replaced and modified to accommodate the shift in generation mix. And finally, new regulation in the implementation of existing regulation are significant drivers of infrastructure investment, such as the Energy Policy Act of 2005; NERC reliability requirements; Mercury and Air Toxics Standards; the recently passed Critical Infrastructure Protection standard; and the implementation of FERC Order 1000. Turning your attention to our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment. I would like to share our outlook for both the near and long term and provide commentary about our business as it relates to the current oil price environment. Importantly, our qualitative outlook for our business and my commentary today is largely shaped by collaborative relationships with our customers, which gives us valuable insight into their multi-year infrastructure capital programs. We continue to have a favorable outlook for the mainline pipe market for the next several years. Our customers' capital programs are larger than they have ever been and the number and project value of mainline projects that could move the construction over the next several years is larger than we have ever seen. The midstream gathering and mainline infrastructure bottlenecks in North America that existed before the decline in oil prices still exist today and will be further challenged with oil and gas production and demand growth going forward. Of the mainline project opportunities we are following that are in various stages of planning and approval, more than 1/2 of them are natural gas projects. These projects are driven by production of the abundant supply of natural gas in North America, particularly from the Marcellus Shale. As more coal-fired generation plants are retired and shut down, development of new natural gas-fired generation is expected to increase, which require pipelines. Several large pipeline projects are in development to supply natural gas to current and future gas-fired generation plants. In addition, demand for natural gas in the Northeast United States for power generation and home heating is growing and there is not enough pipeline in place to meet this demand. As a result, there are several natural gas pipelines in development to meet that need. Canada has experienced takeaway capacity problems for several years, and pipeline infrastructure remains inadequate to move large volumes of oil sand products to refining centers, particularly in the United States. We have seen a couple of mainline projects slides to the right [ph] that could have begun construction in 2015. However, these delays are due to permitting and environmental factors and not due to the price of oil. Canadian producers and pipeline operators are taking a long-term view and are committed to moving forward with needed infrastructure development programs. There are a number of mainline oil projects in North America in various stages of planning, permitting and approval. A substantial majority of these projects are already in secured contractual commitments from producers under minimum volume or take-or-pay contracts. Given that these mainline projects are already commercially secured, they should move forward assuming the required permits and approvals are obtained. For example, several weeks ago, we announced that Quanta was selected by Enbridge for the Line 78 Pipeline Project, which is expected to address market demand for increased pipeline capacity along the pipeline routes Enbridge has operated in Illinois and Indiana for many years. Our scope of work for Line 78 Project includes the construction and installation of approximately 79 miles of new 36-inch diameter crude oil mainline pipe as well as building and installing a pumping station and terminal modifications for the new pipeline. The unconventional shales in North America and the Canadian oil sands are also an energy game changer in the energy industry. We believe our customers are strategically planning and investing in the long-term infrastructure they need to harvest and transport these new sources of hydrocarbons over the next several decades, not just years. The complexity, costs and challenges to design and obtain regulatory approvals, permits or right-of-way for large infrastructure projects, such as mainline projects, requires long-term planning and commitment. Regarding our midstream gathering business, the vast majority of our midstream gathering work is performed in the Marcellus and Utica Shale formations, which are primarily driven by natural gas. Demand for our infrastructure services in these shales remains robust. For the minority of midstream gathering work that we perform in oil-influenced shales, we do expect some impact on activity levels this year. Other services we perform in the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Service segment include pipeline integrity, pipe transportation and logistic management, natural gas distribution, horizontal directional drilling, offshore specialty infrastructure services, facility construction, trenching and other services. Demand for some of these services could be impacted by lower oil prices going forward, but we are not experiencing significant impacts currently. We do not expect the oil and gas segment to be materially impacted by the lower oil price and remain optimistic about the opportunities we anticipate to profitably grow our oil and gas segment in 2015 and beyond. However, our prolonged period of depressed oil prices could negatively impact our business. We are mindful of this uncertainty, which is reflected in the low end of our annual guidance range, which Derrick will discuss in detail in his prepared remarks. And finally, our Fiber Optic Licensing operation performed well in 2014. Our lit services rollout continues to progress in our Northeast markets and demand for our dark fiber network remains solid. We continue to invest in our lit services strategy and are engaging current and potential new customers with the broad platform of private network communication solutions that we offer. We believe attractive growth opportunities will materialize over the next several years as our lit service offering gains traction this year and beyond. In summary, Quanta had another strong year, end-market drivers remain firmly in place and demand for our specialty infrastructure services is solid. We have visibility into significant new project awards this year that could drive higher levels of backlog. As electric power and oil and gas infrastructure projects become larger and more complex, more customers are turning to Quanta to provide comprehensive infrastructure solutions. We believe we have the scope and scale, the technology, expertise, resources and track record of safe execution that differentiates us in the markets we serve. We continue to execute on strategies that position Quanta for both the near and long-term growth. While lower oil prices create investor concern and uncertainty, I hope you have taken away from my comments this morning that we continue to have confidence that opportunities exist for our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment to grow profitably in 2015 and beyond. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his review of our financial results. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $2.05 billion for the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to $1.82 billion in prior year's fourth quarter, reflecting an increase of 12.9% in quarter-over-quarter revenues. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the quarter was $67.2 million or $0.30 per diluted share as compared to $166.7 million or $0.70 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of last year. Included in net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the fourth quarter of 2014 was a $49.9 million or $30.3 million net of tax charge to provision for long-term contract receivable as a result of a settlement agreement with San Diego Gas and Electric, a subsidiary of Sempra Energy, regarding an outstanding change order dispute associated with an electric power infrastructure services project completed in 2012. The net impact of this provision on Quanta's results for the fourth quarter of 2014 was a reduction of $0.14 per diluted share. Also impacting the current fourth quarter results were acquisition costs of $6 million, net of tax, or $0.03 per diluted share. Although we have had acquisition costs from previous periods, the amounts recorded in this period were more sizable as compared to the $2 million, net of tax, or $0.01 per diluted share in 4Q '13. Also in the fourth quarter of 2013 was the after-tax gain of $70.5 million or approximately $0.32 per diluted share from the sale of our equity ownership interest in Howard Energy. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, as presented in today's press release, was $0.51 for the fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.50 for the fourth quarter of 2013. The increase in consolidated revenues in the fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to the same quarter of last year was primarily due to an 11.4% increase in revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment and a 15.9% increase in revenues from our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment. Our consolidated gross margin was 15.9% in the fourth quarter of 2014, which is slightly lower than the 16.7% in the fourth quarter of 2013. This decrease in gross margin was primarily due to lower margins recognized on certain electric transmission projects ongoing during the 3 months ended December 31, 2014 as compared to similar projects completed during the 3 months ended December 31, 2013. Selling, general and administrative expenses, as presented in this quarter's press release, were $158.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, reflecting an increase of $15.5 million as compared to last year's fourth quarter. This increase is primarily due to $17.5 million in incremental G&A costs associated with acquired companies and $1.9 million in higher professional fees, partially offset by lower compensation and incentive costs associated with current levels of profitabilities. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues was 7.7% in the fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to 7.9% in the fourth quarter of 2013. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense was 5.8% in 4Q '14, which is impacted by approximately 240 basis points due to the charge to provision for long-term contract receivable as compared to an 8.8% consolidated operating margin before amortization expense in 4Q '13. Amortization of intangible assets decreased to $9.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 from $10.1 million in 4Q '13. To further discuss our segment results, electric power segment revenues were $1.34 billion, reflecting an increase of $137.2 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 11.4%. Revenues during the quarter were positively impacted by increased activity from both electric transmission and distribution projects as well as the contribution of additional power generation projects in addition to approximately $40 million in revenues generated by acquired companies. Operating margin in the electric power segment decreased to 7.4% in the fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to 12.1% of last year's fourth quarter, primarily due to the effects of the charge to provision for long-term contract receivable, which impacted this segment's operating margin by approximately 370 basis points. Also contributing to the decrease are slightly lower margins earned quarter-over-quarter associated with typical project variability associated with major transmission projects ongoing during the fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to fourth quarter of 2013. As of December 31, 2014, 12-month backlog for the electric power segment decreased sequentially 3.9% from the third quarter of 2014 due to burn on jobs during the fourth quarter of 2014, however, total backlog increased $140.8 million sequentially, primarily due to the inclusion of the backlog associated with the Fort McMurray West Transmission Project. Year-over-year, electric power segment 12-month backlog remained relatively flat, while total backlog increased 11.1%, primarily due to organic growth when compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. As we've stated in the previous quarters, backlog will, at times, fluctuate based on the timing of awards. Oil and gas segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by $91.2 million or 15.9% to $663.5 million in 4Q '14, largely as a result of new [ph] contributions of approximately $100 million from acquired companies. The timing of mainline pipeline awards and start date impacted the comparability of legacy operations quarter-over-quarter. Operating income for the oil and gas segment as a percentage of revenues decreased to 8.1% in 4Q '14 from 8.9% in 4Q '13. This decrease was partly due to certain acquired companies and this segment having slightly higher G&A structures as well as the timing of incentive awards at certain other operating units. Sequentially, oil and gas segment 12-month backlog increased by 11.8% due to the impact of the Enbridge Line 78 Pipeline Project and the fourth quarter 2014 acquisition of Banister. Total backlog, however, remained relatively flat. Year-over-year, 12-month and total backlog for the oil and gas segment increased by 20.4% and 13.6% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2013, both as a result of acquisitions and, to a lesser extent, new project awards. Our Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment revenues were up $7.1 million or 17.4% to $47.4 million in 4Q '14 as compared to $40.3 million in 4Q '13, primarily due to higher levels of ancillary telecommunication services revenues. Operating margin increased to 30.2% in 4Q '14 as compared to 25.1% in 4Q '13, primarily due to the operating margin of 4Q '13 being impacted by a $3.2 million charge associated with gross receipts taxes on Fiber Optic Licensing revenues in certain state jurisdictions. I typically do not comment on the impact of foreign exchange rates on consolidated or segment results, but the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar makes the topic more relevant than it has been in the past. Looking at our fourth quarter results on a constant currency basis, which effectively quantifies the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates between the quarters, consolidated revenues were negatively impacted by approximately 2% when compared to the fourth quarter of last year and diluted earnings per share has been negatively impacted by approximately 3%. Using a similar approach to compare the effects of exchange-rate movements between the year-end 2014 and Q2 '14 for sequential backlog indicates that both 12-month and total backlog balances reported at 12/31 were negatively impacted by 1% due to changes in currency. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $0.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 as compared to 4Q '13, primarily as a result of $3.5 million in higher acquisition and integration costs and $3.6 million in higher consulting fees, business development activities and other expenses. These increases were partially offset by a $6 million net decrease and lower compensation and incentive costs associated with current levels of profitability. EBITA for the fourth quarter of 2014 was $113.4 million or 5.5% of revenues compared to $268.2 million or 14.8% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2013. Adjusted EBITDA was $223.8 million or 10.9% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to $202.8 million or 11.2% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2013. For the 12 months ended 2014, adjusted EBITDA was $845.2 million or 10.8% of revenues compared to $712.1 million or 10.9% of revenues for 2013. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are all non-GAAP metrics and the definitions of these and days sales outstanding, or DSO, can be found in the Investors & Media segment of our website at quantaservices.com. For the full year of 2014, cash flow provided by operating activities of continuing operations was approximately $311 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $287 million, resulting in approximately $24 million of free cash flow as compared to free cash flow of approximately $198 million for the full year of 2013, which was influenced favorably by substantially higher storm revenues in the fourth quarter of 2012 that were collected in the first quarter of 2013. The fourth quarter of 2014 had strong cash flow -- free cash flow of approximately $203 million, which contributed to the overall year and there's somewhat typical seasonal effect due to lower sequential revenues and often fewer new jobs ramping up at the end of the year, reducing working capital demand. DSO was 83 days at December 31, 2014, which was flat compared to 83 days at September 30, 2014 and up compared to 72 days at December 31, 2013. However, the 2014 year-end DSO calculation reflects an additional 7 days due to the impact of reclassifying the $65 million remaining summarized receivable as well as certain other retainments amounts from long term to current assets as of December 31, 2014 as well as the impact of including the acquired net position of Banister in late November of 2014. These items negatively affect the year-end calculation of DSO as there are no material current quarter revenues associated with the balances. Investing cash flows during the fourth quarter of 2014 were impacted by aggregate cash consideration paid of approximately $101 million relating to the closing of 1 acquisition in Canada during the quarter. Financing cash flows during the fourth quarter of 2014 were impacted by the repurchase of 1.7 million shares of our common stock for approximately $48.5 million. At December 31, 2014, we had approximately $190.5 million in cash with approximately $127.2 million in U.S. funds and $63.3 million relating to our foreign operations. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had about $336.7 million in letters of credit and guarantees outstanding to secure our casualty insurance program and other contractual commitments and we had $68.8 million of borrowings from Canada outstanding under our credit facility. Including our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $1.1 billion in total liquidity as of December 31, 2014. However, subsequent to the end of the year, we utilized a large portion of our cash on hand and acquired an additional 6.7 million shares of common stock for approximately $182 million. Including the previous share repurchases through 2014, this puts our aggregate repurchases at 9.7 million shares or $275.5 million out of our $500 million program announced in the fourth quarter of 2013. Also subsequent to the end of the fourth quarter, we completed 3 additional acquisitions for aggregate combined consideration of approximately $36.3 million in cash subject to post closing net working capital adjustments. Due to the timing of these acquisitions, they have not been included in our current guidance for the first quarter or year-end of 2015 due to the need to complete the associated purchase price accountings. However, although they are expected to be accretive transactions, they will not have a material effect. Concerning our outlook for 2015, we expect revenues for the first quarter of 2015 to range between $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $0.31 to $0.37 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.76 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.25 in the first quarter of 2014, which included $38.8 million or $25.8 million net of tax of incremental expense as a result of an arbitration decision related to a contract dispute on a directional drilling project that occurred in 2010. The net impact of this decision on Quanta's first quarter of 2014 results was a $0.12 reduction in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. Our GAAP EPS forecast for the first quarter of 2015 includes an estimate of $11.5 million for non-cash stock-based compensation expense and $9.1 million for amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2015 is expected to be $0.37 to $0.43 and compares to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.44 in the first quarter of 2014 For Quanta, the first half of any year and often the first quarter is the most affected by seasonal weather conditions. For the first quarter of 2015, we currently see substantial precipitation in the form of snow, ice and, in some cases, rain that is impacting the productivity on various projects. These conditions have been factored into our current expectations for the quarter and we see margins in the electric power segment for the quarter slightly below our annual guidance range, which therefore affects the comparability of our results to last year's first quarter. Although the first quarter of 2014 was also impacted by harsh weather throughout much of North America, for many projects, it was only a matter of temperature, not precipitation. And as such, although productivity was impacted, many jobs executed within previously expected margin profiles. We expect revenues for the full year of 2015 to range between $8.2 billion and $8.6 billion and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $1.80 to $2.05 on a GAAP basis. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2015 includes an estimate of $43 million for non-cash stock-based compensation expense and around $36 million of amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, comparable to our historical calculations, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for 2015 is expected to be between $2.04 and $2.29, which compares to $1.99 in 2014. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in our release. As Jim commented in his prepared remarks, our range of expectations for 2015 reflects the opportunity for double-digit growth. However, partly due to continued growth of the company as well as the results we anticipate in the first quarter, we have narrowed our operating margin guidance for the year to 10% to 11% in the electric power segment. Although we believe we may still find opportunities to perform within the 11% and 12% range, we feel it is prudent at this stage to slightly narrow our range of operating margin guidance for this segment. In addition, as it relates to the oil and gas segment, consistent with the previous quarter's commentary on 2015, we believe the midpoint and higher aspects of our range reflect our ability to be at or above 9% operating margin for the segment and the lower end of our range contemplates comparable results to 2014. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to non-controlling interests to be approximately $1.7 million in the first quarter and second quarters of 2015. However, these joint venture relationships expired by the middle of the year. And therefore, we expect no non-controlling interest deductions in the latter half of 2015. For additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be between 34.5% and 34.8% for 2015 and our diluted share count to be about 213 million shares, reflecting the shares repurchased that I discussed previously. Both our first quarter and annual 2015 guidance reflect the current foreign exchange rate environment. Continued movement of foreign exchange rates in the future could make comparisons to prior periods difficult. We expect CapEx for all of 2015 to be approximately $275 million to $300 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing and Other segment of about $50 million to $60 million and this compares to CapEx for all of 2014 of $301 million. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same, with a focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital and capital expenditure growth and an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions, investments and the repurchase of Quanta stock. 2014 was another great year for Quanta. We continue to leverage our balance sheet strength over the course of the year to win work and simultaneously ramp up on a number of large projects, while ultimately maintaining a strong balance sheet and leaving us well positioned for continued internal growth and strategic initiatives. We closed 9 acquisitions for an aggregate consideration of $284.3 million in cash and $134.5 million in securities, which significantly enhanced our electric power and oil and gas infrastructure service capabilities. We continue to make opportunistic repurchases of stock and have significantly utilized availability under our board-authorized program. And as Jim mentioned, we ended the year with many record-breaking achievements including record annual revenues and adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations as well as backlog. We continue to execute within all of our segments and we believe that we are operationally and financially well positioned for a continued solid growth in 2015 and beyond. This concludes our formal presentation, and we will now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So first question is in terms of the fourth quarter, Jim, how did it play out versus your internal expectations? And is the first quarter wide guidance largely tied to weather?
James F. O'Neil: Tahira, was the question about the fourth quarter playing out versus our expectations?
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Oh, yes. Internally, how did it play out? And I guess, because you -- I can only ask 2 -- I wrapped 2 questions in 1. So the second part of the first question is really around first quarter guidance, why it's so wide. It seems it's related to weather, but I just wanted to make sure.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. As it relates to the fourth quarter, yes, very, very similar to our expectations. We had anticipated that we had some level of decline from the fourth quarter of last year relative to certain margin profile simply because of the way that some of those jobs contributed to profits last year. There was just difficult variability. So it played out very similar to our expectations. And then as it relates to the first quarter, very much, the range is to contemplate the aspect of the weather dynamics that we see at play. I will say that I would anticipate that, as we get to the latter quarters, that you'll see a wider range than you have historically seen, something that is contemplating both the larger size of the segments as well as some of the variability you'll see in the timing of awards. But predominantly, in the first quarter, it's largely due to the weather impacts.
Operator: And our next question comes from Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: My first question, I just wanted to dig into your 2015 revenue guidance a little bit more. Particularly, if I look at the low end, if you strip out Banister and some of your other acquisitions, you're looking at kind of flattish organic revenues, maybe up a little bit, excluding FX. But maybe you could talk a little bit about what your expectations are. Does that low end reflect maybe some growth in electric, offset by decline in oil and gas? Or how are you thinking about that? And then how are you specifically thinking about the percentage of your revenues that are oil-exposed and somewhat vulnerable to this low oil price environment?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, on the low end of guidance in the oil and gas segment, we're pretty much taking into account what backlog we have and hanging on mainline pipe. And then there is some impact to probably 5% of our oil and gas segment. Offshore services is a good example of up to 10% and we baked that into the lower end of our guidance. On electric, it's really about what we have in hand right now on large transmission projects. It doesn't really account any slippages on transmission, but we have baked in some of the downturn potentially in the oil and gas segment on the low end of the guidance, which could be project slippages or some impact from oil pricing and some of our businesses, which we think is a very small majority -- minority.
Operator: And from UBS, our next question comes from Steven Fisher.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just to follow up on that a little bit, Jim. Can you just talk about what your expectation is for the growth rate overall of your regional oil and gas business in 2015 versus what it was in 2014?
James F. O'Neil: Sure. I mean, at the midpoint, we're expecting double-digit growth in both our oil and gas segment and in our electric power segment. So projects are there. I would say that backlog is up in our oil and gas segments for mainline and we -- mainline is playing out like we expected in '15, except we've probably seen a few project slip into '16, which is a little disappointing. But certainly, we still see the uptick. But we've seen a couple of projects in Canada slip. It's more about permitting though and sizing which -- I mean, these projects are getting bigger and it just becomes more difficult for projects to move to construction when we expect them to. But it just looks like we're going to have more work to do in '16 is what it looks like right now. But we expect double-digit growth for both segments at the midpoint of our guidance.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And wondering how you're thinking about electric backlog over the course of 2015. How confident are you to sustain it or grow it from here?
James F. O'Neil: Quarter-over-quarter, you're going to see some variability. But I think the overall trends on backlog in electric is we continue to see opportunities for growth. Our man hours continue to increase. Our customer capital programs continue to get bigger and larger. But I've got to warn everybody again and we caution about quarter-over-quarter. You could have some fluctuations. But over the long haul, right now, it looks like we've got the backlog -- the growth is there for backlog over the long term.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alex Rygiel with FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. First, electric power margins were down for the last 3 quarters in a row on a kind of a year-over-year consecutive basis. And, Jim, you're kind of guiding towards 2015 for electric power margins to be in the 10% to 11% range. What structurally has changed in the last 12 months such that the electric power margins are a little bit lower? And directionally, can they go back up to where they had been in a year or 2?
James F. O'Neil: I'll make some initial comments and I'll let Derrick follow on. But nothing's changed, okay? As far as margins and backlog or the way we contract with our customers, nothing's really changed. We just were in a tighter range here as far as margins as what we've done over the last several years. We have some projects in Canada that are starting up. It's very difficult going right now early on. As projects move through completion, you have more contingencies to release. I mean we're taking conservative positions on some of these projects. We're trying to set foundations in 4-foot, 6-foot of snow. So it's -- that's a big part of it right now. And of course, the first quarter is going to impact the year. And so I think we should be back in hopefully that higher end range as we move into '16. But the first quarter is going to impact the overall year, so we're just going to come out and give that guidance now for the full year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Alex, this is Derrick. I think what you'll see is that, as it relates to the quarters, you can see that the margin profile can still be up in our typical 10% to 12% range. But as for the year right now, it's definitely impacted by the weather. There's an aspect of that, that when you look at previous periods, I mean, our first quarter years ago happened to be very, very low and the benefits of Canada are such they contribute such that -- the first and second quarter are -- can be much flatter what they had been. But at the same time, there are aspects of weather that will impact that and that will carry through the year. I do need to make 1 clarification as I recognize that my prepared remarks made reference to an annual guidance of $8.2 billion versus $8.6 billion versus the press release and that's the difference in foreign currency. Our actual guidance in our press release includes the impacts of foreign currency reductions of about $100 million.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andy Wittmann with Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe, Derrick, for you, the stock compensation expense guidance of $43 million compares to $24 million last year. I know that the Banister deal contained, I think, 40% of that consideration was in stock, so maybe that's part of it. But can you explain the sharp increase there?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. Maybe I misspoke in my prepared remarks. I see my '14 is actually having stock comp of about $39 million and guidance is about $43 million. But the -- yes, we are going to see a degree of increase in stock comp associated with both acquisitions as well as a new program that we put out last year relative to overall for the company with some longer-term 3-year targets in our compensation program and will be accruing against those targets, so that will have a bit of an increase in stock comp program as well.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Maybe I had something tweaked in my model here. The -- just -- Jim, just on the outlook here for mainline, have there been any discussions that have clearly advanced [ph] -- that your feeling like there might be some in the year for the year mainline contributing? It seems like towards the end of last calendar year, you're still kind of having expectations that were fairly modest. I want understand if there's been any change from that? That we might get some more content this year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I want to let you know, we all are going to be executing on some pretty significant mainline work probably more than what we've done since 2010 this year. It's just that we have had a few projects slipped that were back-end loaded into '16. So I'm not concerned about that. It's certainly not the oil price dynamic that's creating that, but we still anticipate double-digit growth in that segment at our midpoint of our guidance. And a lot of that -- the biggest contributor to that is going to be mainline and I think we'll be on more mainline work this year than anything since '10. So it's not like we're not going to be busy. It's just not what we expected 6 months ago. We thought we'd be on a project or 2 more. But anyway, it's still all -- it's still building as a multi-year build and we'll see it's early in the process and we think stacking up at hopefully, at the end of this year '16, '17 is going to play out like we all anticipate.
Operator: And from Avondale Partners, we'll go next to Dan Mannes.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: I want to belabor the point on '15 guide on the revenue side. Jim, you keep reiterating the double-digit growth and I just want to clarify because the midpoint of your guidance range is mid-single digits and, x Banister, it's low. So when you're talking about double-digit growth, are you referring to the bottom line because it sounds like, I mean, the top line, obviously you're not being nearly that aggressive?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Dan, this is Derrick. I mean, definitely, on the aspect on the bottom line. But on the top line, part of it is an example when you make reference to Banister, some of the dialogue that Jim has referenced relative to oil and gas is also impacting Banister even from the standpoint of what we included in our press release regarding Banister. There is a bit of decline associated really with the push-out of some of the projects, so you'll see a difference in timing. That's partly what's impacting that math far as from an organic growth perspective.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And FX, too, obviously...
James F. O'Neil: [indiscernible] Canada is clearly where we're seeing the bigger delays. And Banister is -- being the largest mainline pipe contractor in Canada, will be impacted by that. And that's just it is what it is. But certainly, there's going to be significant mainline pipe activity in Canada. It's just getting pushed to the right a little bit.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Sure. And I wanted to follow up just on the current environment as it relates to bidding. I mean, a quarter ago, you were kind of in discussions on multi-year type agreements. I was wondering if you could fast forward that discussion into today and also talk about maybe just the level of bidding you're seeing now maybe even forward, late this year or next year versus maybe what you're even seeing a few months ago.
James F. O'Neil: Well, that's playing out -- the new multi-year agreements with customers is playing out as we expected even more or so. So it's -- again, that's playing out really nicely, the bidding environment, I mean, obviously there are projects that are being bid out, but there are also customers moving some more of a supplier relationship. So all I can say at the end of the day is we see capacity tightening with some of these bigger projects. Capacity is tight now and it's going to get tighter so -- as we move through '15 and into '16.
Operator: And our next question comes from William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Let's just go into the bookings figures here on the oil and gas side. Maybe get a little more granular. Any particular month showed a significant increase in the bookings? Or was it pretty much even throughout and then subsequent to the quarter?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. I mean, it's hard to say, Bill. The timing of projects are so -- are sporadic. I can't say that I would say -- call out 1 particular month of award versus another relative to that. I mean, we do clearly have the contribution of Banister into that from an acquisition of Banister in the fourth quarter, which I'd say that was in order of magnitude around $125 million of additional backlog. And then -- but after the end of the year, I can't call out if there's any particular way that a month of fluctuation that's relevant.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: And then outside of Canada, can we talk about pricing? How's the pricing in the oil and gas arena right now primarily for midstream and gathering?
James F. O'Neil: We haven't seen any change, Bill, than what it was a year ago. So pricing remains consistent and I would expect that will deliver margins consistent with what Derrick described in his release -- in his prepared remarks. So we're not seeing any change in the pricing environment.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Shlisky with Global Hunter Securities.
Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about the winter storm stuff here in Q1. Are you seeing any opportunities for any winter storm recovery work here, given all the snow that has landed [ph] on the power line infrastructure. And perhaps maybe once the snow melts, could you give any commentary on what customers might be thinking about strengthening their infrastructure in the electric [ph] power side to prevent issues next winter?
James F. O'Neil: Well, we're not really seeing the outages so it's really just white snow. It's not a lot of ice. There's been some ice, but it's been in areas that really haven't created any power outages or storm or force. Storm hardening efforts for our customers continue and that's one of the biggest drivers of our business especially on the distribution side. So there is regulation in place in it, particularly in the Northeast and Midwest where utilities are operating and strengthening their grid, so that will continue. The first quarter is typically a soft quarter for that type of work, but that work typically ramps up in the second and third quarter of the year and well into the fourth quarter. But storm hardening initiatives are underway and they've been underway for several years and we don't anticipate those to back off. We expect them to continue to grow over the next several years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So I wanted to ask about your -- on the oil and gas side, your primary customers are the MLPs and the CapEx there is holding up much better than what you're seeing on the E&P side. And my question is how long can that continue? And where do oil prices need to go to take a slowdown in MLP CapEx off the table?
James F. O'Neil: That's, I guess, the big question. We're on the low end of our guidance is how prolonged does oil need to be at these lower prices to impact us. We haven't seen it today. I know that E&Ps wanted to drill less wells. They're focused on cash flow and increasing production. And as long as they're focused on cash flows and increasing production, you're going to need pipelines for takeaway capacity and they even make more sense now than they did when oil prices were at 100 because rail's looking really costly right now. So -- and infrastructure programs, we have not seen -- in the areas that we work, we have not seen any infrastructure programs back off. We continue to be very active. Does that change 6 months from now if the price of oil stays where it's at? I don't know. I can't help -- I don't know that. But long -- many of our customers are taking a long-term approach, especially on the mainline side. They've got billions of dollars invested, years of trying to get projects cited and permitted and they're moving forward. So that's where we're at.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then, Jim, on the gas side, I'm trying to figure out because that was one of the reasons you said we're less exposed because we have exposure in the Marcellus. The gas prices are down a lot, too. I'm trying to figure out what matters more for you? But it's hard because low gas prices are good for natural gas power plants and for the demand side equation. I'm just -- how does it impact the level of activity in the Marcellus?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, I've seen statistics where the Marcellus today provide 16% of the gas supply east of Mississippi and then by the middle of next decade it is going to be over 40%. And the low cost and abundance of natural gas is not only -- it's driving the economy. We're seeing more appliances switch from electric to gas in homes. You've got this coal-to-gas switching legislation, the MATS rules. Power plants will be the #1 consumer of natural gas in this country, which you don't have the pipeline infrastructure in place to do any of that. It's severely lacking. And so that's why you're seeing all these big pipelines propose predominantly in the Northeast and Midwest. And many of them are going to move towards construction. So it's -- regulations driving a lot of this, the economy is driving it, the shales are an energy game changer. You've got this 100 year supply plus of natural gas today that's very cheap and it's the preferred fossil fuel of choice.
Operator: And from DA Davidson, we'll go next to John Rogers.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jim, I wanted to ask you, in terms of the acquisitions, how are you looking at this market? I mean, presumably, there's some companies that are going to be more interested in selling themselves or not. I mean, do you see this as an opportunity to step up that activity and/or to diversify your operations internationally or push more into the offshore work? Maybe some thoughts there.
James F. O'Neil: That's a great question, John. I mean, we're always opportunistic on acquisitions. We could acquire the same dollar value companies this year that we did the last several years, but maybe not. I mean, I think, in this marketplace, you need to be very gauged and thoughtful about what steps you'll take going forward, especially if you don't know how this is going to play out over the long term with a low oil price. Right now, we don't see any impact to our business. But anyway, I think it's a good question and I think the short answer is we're going to continue to be opportunistic and find good deals because I do think that we are still in the most prolific time in the history of both the electric power and oil and gas industries and I think some of the strategic moves we make over the next several years will help establish our leadership position for the next few decades and I truly believe that.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And then maybe just for Derrick. CapEx for this year, what are you looking at?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, the -- for 2015, I think we'll see probably about $275 million to $300 million, which is fairly comparable to what we saw in '14 of about $301 million.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Jerimiah on the line for Vishal. You touched on this briefly a second ago. But in the Northeast, specifically, we're seeing big differentials in gas prices on a localized basis. So could you just speak a little bit to the shifting dynamics between regions? And how that's impacting sort of the pipeline activity? And can we expect more in certain regions?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, it's -- the big driver is the coal-to-gas switching, the mercury emission rules and the necessary infrastructure needed to fuel these power plants. They need to have redundant power plants in place. The second thing is you've got aging infrastructure in the Northeast throughout the U.S. that needs to be upgraded not only to serve the population centers today but the growth that -- and consumption of product that's occurring. And that's one reason you have differentials is you got the lack of takeaway capacity to get the products to the consumers. I can't speak to it regionally. Every region is different. Every municipality is different. They've got different needs. But I could tell you that there's a -- on a global basis, when you look at it at a very high level, there is a sufficient lack of pipeline infrastructure to serve customers and load centers and one of the bigger issues is in the Northeast and in the Midwest.
Operator: And from Crédit Suisse, we'll go next to Jamie Cook.
Benjamin Xiao: This is actually Ben Xiao on for Jamie. I guess, most of my questions have been answered. But just 2 quick ones probably for Derrick. First, on FX impact for '15. I think you said $100 million in revenues. How much of that is non-EPS or operating income? And second, your share repurchase, it seems like you're guiding to -- the share count you're guiding to implies no incremental repurchase. Is that the right way to think about it? Or could we see some additional repurchase this year?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure, yes. Actually, I mean, I'd say that currently as it stands here [ph], has probably impacted us in the 3% to 5% range. And that is factored into our guidance. That is in the release. So it's based upon current FX rates. Again we have not factored in any additional movements between now and the end of the year. So to the extent that things move, then those numbers would have an impact on us. But as it stands, we baked in our guidance the current FX rates as it stands today. From a share repurchase, yes, we have not forecasted any additional repurchases that reflects only activity through today. We will be opportunistic with share repurchases much as we've been throughout '13 or 14. We're focused on capital available for working capital -- CapEx and acquisitions and then we look at the aspect of share repurchase. I do believe that we will be mindful of all those activities as we think about the future and we'll definitely be considering where share repurchases will play. But as it stands today, we have not forecasted any additional repurchases.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions in the queue. I'll turn the call over to management for any closing or additional remarks.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to the thank you, all, for participating in our fourth quarter and full year 2014 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Min Cho - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Brian K. Lee - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Please note today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kip Rupp. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Joshua, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review third quarter results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta's news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of the Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. You can also access Quanta's latest earnings releases and other investor materials such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audio-casts, conference calls and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations app, which is available for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 5, 2014, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the first and second quarters of 2014 and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thank you, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services' Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our third quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Quanta continues to execute in all operating segments at higher levels. Compared to the third quarter of last year, revenue increased 32% to a record $2.17 billion, non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share increased 33% to $0.61, and backlog increased 19% to a record $9.63 billion. These solid results reflect Quanta's leadership position and ability to capitalize on opportunities for growth in a dynamic energy infrastructure market. Electric power segment revenues grew more than 31% during the quarter as compared to the same quarter last year. In addition, excluding the effect of a charge associated with the previously completed Sunrise Powerlink transmission project, our electric power segment operating income margins returned to normal levels in the third quarter after experiencing margin pressure during the second quarter due to the challenging effects of extreme winter weather and late breakup in Canada and the northern parts of the United States. During the quarter, Nalcor Energy selected Valard Construction, a Quanta company, to install transmission infrastructure for the Labrador-Island Transmission Link project. This is the largest transmission project that Quanta has ever been awarded and one of the largest high-voltage transmission projects to be built in Canada. It is also the second major transmission project awarded to Quanta by Nalcor Energy over the past 12 months, the first being the Muskrat Falls project in December of last year. For the Labrador-Island Transmission Link project, Quanta will install approximately 684 miles of 350-kilovolt overhead high-voltage direct current transmission line running from the Muskrat Falls Hydroelectric Generating Facility in Central Labrador to Newfoundland's Avalon Peninsula. Our scope of work includes all construction aspects of the project, including geomatic services, management of right-of-way clearing, access and reclamation, installation of concrete foundations, tower assembly and erection and conductor stringing. We have mobilized resources for this project and expect the project to be completed during the summer of 2017. Also, during the third quarter, Quanta was selected by Southern California Edison for the 500-kilovolt underground project for the Chino Hills segment of the Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project. Construction on this project has begun, and we expect to complete the project during the first half of 2016. Though these 2 projects are very different from one another, both are extremely challenging, and Quanta was selected because we have the skilled resources and track record for safely completing complex projects in the electric transmission marketplace. Our utility customers have made significant investments in the electric power infrastructure throughout North America over the past several years, especially in transmission, and we expect continued strong levels of investment by utilities in transmission and distribution infrastructure in the foreseeable future. The dynamic spurring North American transmission and distribution investment that we have discussed on our earnings calls for the past several years continue to drive our customers to invest in the electric power infrastructure going forward. The most significant drivers include: an aging power grid, the majority of which is approaching or beyond the end of its useful life that is long not configured to serve the population centers of today; the changing mix of power generation, including the increase in renewable generation development and a switch from coal to natural gas-fired generation. As a result of these dynamics, new transmission and related infrastructure is required to interconnect these new generation sources to the grid, and existing infrastructure needs to be upgraded, replaced and modified to accommodate the shifting generation mix; and finally, new regulation and the implementation of existing regulation are significant drivers of infrastructure investment, such as the Energy Policy Act of 2005, NERC reliability requirements, Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, the recently passed critical infrastructure protection standard and the implementation of FERC Order 1000. Demand for our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services remains strong, driven by the development of unconventional shale plays in North America, the Canadian oil sands and the coal seam gas in Australia. Our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment revenues grew significantly and our operating income margins expanded as compared to the third quarter of last year due to favorable end-market demand and increased contribution from mainline pipeline projects in North America and Australia. Despite the recent decline in oil prices, our customers continue to move forward with the development of unconventional shale and Canadian oil sands infrastructure as well as mainline pipeline programs. We have seen no indication that related customer capital programs will be curtailed. While further and sustained declines of commodity pricing could impact our customers' investment plans for a period of time, there are several things to consider as it relates to Quanta's Oil and Gas Infrastructure business. The unconventional shales in North America and the Canadian oil sands are game-changing dynamics in the energy industry. We believe our customers are strategically planning and investing in the long-term infrastructure they need to transport these new resources of hydrocarbons over the next several decades, not just years. The complexity, costs and challenges to design and gain regulatory approvals, permits and right-of-way for large infrastructure projects, such as mainline projects, requires longer-term planning and commitment. We believe the industry outlook for our Oil and Gas Infrastructure and, in particular, for mainline pipeline programs remains positive for the foreseeable future. In fact, subsequent to quarter-end, we entered into or expanded multiple long-term agreements with customers to build mainline infrastructure over the next several years. Due to confidentiality agreements with our customers, we are not able to provide any more specific details about these arrangements at this time. However, we expect a meaningful increase in mainline pipe construction activity throughout 2015 and beyond. We also continue to believe that industry capacity to build large-diameter mainline pipeline will be pushed to the limits to serve customer demand in both 2015 and 2016 and perhaps beyond. As it relates to our gathering activities, the majority of our gathering work is performed in the Marcellus and Utica Shales, which are primarily driven by the production of natural gas and natural gas liquids. As a result, our gathering operations are not significantly exposed to the price of oil, and the Marcellus and Utica natural gas trades at a discount rate due to the lack of infrastructure available to take product from these areas to end markets. Therefore, we see continued solid demand for our services into the foreseeable future. And finally, our Fiber Optic Licensing operations continue to perform well. Demand for our dark fiber network remains solid, and our lit service rollout continues to progress in our Northeast markets. We are engaging current and potential new customers with the broad platform of private network communication solutions that we offer, and we see attractive growth opportunities over the next several years as our lit services offering gains traction in 2015 and beyond. In summary, our operations performed well in the third quarter, and for the first 9 months of 2014, end-market drivers remained firmly in place and demand for our specialty infrastructure services is strong. Based on these factors and the visibility we have into new project awards going forward, we expect strong backlog levels for the foreseeable future. From a qualitative perspective, we continue to believe that our end markets provide the opportunity for double-digit growth through at least 2015. In addition, based on what we see and understand today, we believe 2016 is likely to be a year with continued growth opportunity. We expect to provide our formal 2015 financial guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in February of next year. Our qualitative outlook for our business is largely shaped by our collaborative relationships with our customers, which gives us a valuable insight into their multiyear infrastructure capital programs. As I hope you have taken away from my comments this morning, we continue to have momentum as we move through the remainder of 2014 and are excited about the potential we see for 2015 and beyond. I will now like to turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his financial review of the third quarter. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $2.17 billion for the third quarter of 2014 compared to $1.65 billion in the prior year's third quarter, reflecting an increase of 32% in quarter-over-quarter revenues. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $94.6 million or $0.43 per diluted share as compared to $92.9 million or $0.43 per diluted share in the third quarter of last year. Included in net income attributable to common stock for the third quarter of 2014 was a $52.5 million charge or $32.3 million net of tax to a provision for long-term contract receivable. This receivable is related to a previously disclosed change order of $165 million on the Sunrise Powerlink project and Electric Power Infrastructure Services project that began in 2010 and was completed in 2012. The receivable is currently the subject of an ongoing arbitration proceeding. As part of our ongoing assessment of this asset's recoverability under GAAP, a provision of $52.5 million was recognized in the 3 months ended September 30, 2014, as a charge to selling, general and administrative expense to reflect changes in our assessment of the flexibility of amounts owed to us by the customer. As discussed in prior quarters, operational and contractual decisions made by us during the performance of this work are based upon verbal assurances from the customer and we relied on those representations. These assurances, coupled with our previous legal strategy, supported the view that the full amount of the change order would be collectible. However, during the third quarter of 2014, we continue to evaluate the legal theories and strategies that would be most advantageous to pursue in arbitration. This resulted in a change in our expected arbitration strategy, which also caused us to reassess our settlement strategy and our views on estimated settlement outcomes. As a result, we recorded an adjustment to the net realizable value of the Sunrise receivable in the current period in accordance with GAAP. This revised value is based on a range of possible outcomes, and we continue to pursue all alternatives to resolve this matter, including settlement discussions and arbitrations, if necessary, and we still intend to pursue collection of amounts in excess of this revised value. However, the matter is currently in arbitration and is therefore subject to risks and uncertainties. The net impact of this provision on Quanta's results for the third quarter of 2014 was a reduction of $0.15 per diluted share. Additionally, included in our results for the third quarters of 2014 and 2013 were the releases of the income tax contingencies of approximately $4.9 million and $6.6 million of income or net benefit of $0.02 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2014 and a net benefit of $0.03 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2013, both due to the expiration of various state and federal statute of limitation periods. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, as presented in today's press release, was $0.61 for the third quarter of 2014 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.46 for the third quarter of 2013. The increase in consolidated revenues in the third quarter of 2014 was, compared to the same quarter last year, was primarily due to a 31.6% increase in revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment and a 35.7% increase in revenues from our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment. Incremental revenues contributed during the quarter from acquired companies are estimated around $195 million, which indicates that organic growth in consolidated revenues was in the double-digit range of approximately 20%. Our consolidated gross margin was 16.3% in the third quarter of 2014, which is comparable to 16.6% in the third quarter of 2013. Selling, general and administrative expenses, as presented in this quarter's press release, were $148 million in the third quarter of 2014, reflecting an increase of $23 million as compared to last year's third quarter. This increase is primarily due to $15.4 million in incremental G&A costs associated with acquired companies and approximately $4 million in higher salaries and benefits costs related -- and related ancillary administration costs associated with the current levels of operations, partially offset by lower levels of incentive compensation. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were 6.8% in the third quarter of 2014 as compared to 7.6% in the third quarter of 2013, which reflects better cost absorption from higher overall levels of revenues. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense was 7% for 3Q '14, which was impacted by approximately 240 basis points due to the charge to provision and compares to a 9% consolidated operating margin in 3Q '13. Amortization of intangible assets increased to $9.5 million in the third quarter of 2014 from $7 million in 3Q '13, primarily due to amortization of intangible assets associated with acquisitions that have closed since the third quarter of last year. To further discuss our segment results, electric power revenues were $1.38 billion, reflecting an increase of $330.8 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 31.6%. Revenues during the quarter were positively impacted by increased activities from electric power transmission, distribution and power generation projects, which resulted primarily from increased capital spending of our customers as well as an estimated $65 million in revenues generated by acquired companies. Operating margin in the electric power segment decreased to 7.5% in the third quarter of 2014 as compared to 11.7% in last year's third quarter, primarily due to the effects of the charge to provision for long-term contract receivable. Also contributing to the decrease were slightly lower margins earned quarter-over-quarter associated with typical project variability as well as lower margins earned on certain power generation projects ongoing during the third quarter of 2014 as compared to those ongoing during the third quarter of 2013. Sequentially, as of September 30, 2014, both 12-month and total backlog for the electric power segment increased by 6.5% and 10.6%, primarily due to certain larger contract awards and, to a lesser extent, from acquired companies. Quarter-over-quarter, 12-month and total backlog increased 19% and 21.9% as compared to the third quarter of 2013. Oil and gas segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by $197.4 million or 35.7% to $749.8 million in 3Q '14, largely as a result of revenue contributions of an estimated $130 million from acquired companies, but additionally from strong organic growth associated with increased capital spending by our customers. Operating income for the oil and gas segment as a percentage of revenues increased to 10% in 3Q '14 from 9% in 3Q '13. This increase is primarily due to the contribution from mainline pipeline projects in the U.S. and Australia, which typically offer higher margin opportunities as well as better fixed cost absorption due to higher revenues. Quarter-over-quarter, 12-month and total backlog for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment increased by 25% and 14.9% when compared to the third quarter of 2013 as a result of acquisitions and, to a lesser extent, new project awards. Sequentially, backlog grew for both 12-month and total backlog by 23.8% and 14.9%. Our Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment revenues were down $2.2 million or 5% to $42.1 million in 3Q '14 as compared to $44.4 million in 3Q '13 due to lower levels of ancillary telecommunication services revenues. Operating margin increased to 32.8% in 3Q '14 as compared to 31.8% in 3Q '13, primarily due to a change in revenue mix with relatively fewer revenues derived from ancillary telecommunication services, which typically carry lower margins. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $3.4 million in the third quarter 2014 as compared to 3Q '13, primarily as a result of $2.5 million increase in amortization expense due to the amortization of newly acquired intangible assets from recent acquisitions. EBITA for the third quarter of 2014 was $146.7 million or 6.8% of revenues compared to $141.8 million or 8.6% of revenues for the third quarter of 2013. Adjusted EBITDA was $249.5 million or 11.5% of revenues for the third quarter of 2014 compared to $185.8 million or 11.3% of revenues for the third quarter of 2013. This calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are all non-GAAP measures and the definitions of these and Days Sales Outstanding or DSO can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. For the third quarter of 2014, cash flow provided by operations was approximately $64 million, and net capital expenditures were approximately $77 million, resulting in approximately $13 million of negative free cash flow as compared to free cash flow of approximately $37 million for the third quarter of 2013. The decrease in free cash flow was primarily driven by increased working capital requirements associated with the current period's increased levels of operating activity. DSOs were 83 days at September 30, 2014, compared to 72 days at December 31, 2013, and 82 days at September 30, 2013. Impacting our investing cash flows during the third quarter of 2014 was the closing of 2 acquisitions, which included cash consideration of approximately $81.8 million net of cash acquired. At September 30, 2014, we had about $320 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding to secure our casualty insurance program and other contractual commitments, and we had $76.9 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $144 million in cash with approximately $44 million in U.S. funds and $100 million relating to our foreign operations. Including our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $1.1 billion in total liquidity as of September 30, 2014. Concerning our outlook. We expect revenues for the fourth quarter of 2014 to range between $1.95 billion and $2.05 billion and diluted earnings per share to be $0.46 to $0.48 on a GAAP basis. Included in our estimate of GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2014 is a net tax benefit of approximately $0.02 per share associated with the release of certain income tax contingencies due to the expiration of certain statute of limitations periods during the quarter. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.82 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.77 in the fourth quarter of 2013, which included a $0.32 per diluted share impact from the gain on the sale of Quanta's equity interest in Howard Midstream Energy Partners, coupled with the net tax benefit of approximately $0.03 per share from the release of income tax contingencies in 4Q '13. Our GAAP EPS forecast for the fourth quarter of 2014 includes an estimate of $7.8 million for noncash stock-based compensation expense and $9.5 million for amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2014 is expected to be $0.50 to $0.52 and compares to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.50 in the fourth quarter of 2013. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interests to be approximately $2 million to $3 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. For additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be between 32% and 33% in the fourth quarter of 2014 and our diluted share count to be about 219.9 million shares. It's important to note that we exceeded our third quarter expectations in part due to some revenues being pulled from the fourth quarter into the third quarter due to solid production this quarter. With that said, with respect to the company's fourth quarter outlook, we do see growth in electric power revenues when compared to last year's fourth quarter and a degree of normal fourth quarter seasonality when compared to the third quarter of 2014 revenues. However, although our margin expectations are still within our normal 10% to 12% guidance for the segment, certain projects reached or near completion during the fourth quarter. With fourth quarter weather variability, we've tried to prudently consider these potential dynamics on our guidance and currently anticipate margins at the lower end of our 10% to 12% range. With regard to the oil and gas segment, the timing of mainline project is such that lesser work is occurring in this year's fourth quarter versus last year's fourth quarter as well as the earlier quarters of 2014. This project timing likely will lead to little or no revenue growth in the oil and gas segment in comparison to the prior year's fourth quarter, which we anticipate will lower margins for 4Q '14 to the upper single-digit range. Taking into consideration the results of the third quarter and our fourth quarter guidance, we currently anticipate GAAP diluted earnings per share for the year to be between $1.51 to $1.53. In addition, we anticipate non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $1.97 to $1.99, which is slightly higher than the midpoint of our original 2014 annual guidance for adjusted EPS and represents growth of approximately 16% as compared to last year's adjusted EPS of $1.71. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in our release. We expect CapEx for all of 2014 to be approximately $320 million to $330 million, which includes CapEx for our fiber licensing and other segment of about $50 million to $60 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2013 of $264 million. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with a focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital and capital expenditure growth and an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions, investments and the repurchase of Quanta stock. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I guess the first question was going to be on fourth quarter guidance, but I think that was very eloquently explained by Derrick, so I'll move to the other 2 questions I had. First one is just on free cash flow outlook into next year. If you can provide any guidance versus where net income should be. Should we see both converging into next year? And Jim, given your stock over the last -- currently, it's trading probably at the low end of its 5-year historicals on -- close to every metric. Could you talk a bit about cash allocation and repurchases? We didn't see much in this quarter. That's kind of my first question.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Tahira, this is Derrick. Relative to '15 cash flow, the working capital demands of our business are usually the first place that -- the biggest driver relative to cash flow in general. When I look at 2014 at this stage in the game, I would expect that I have a strong fourth quarter cash flow, but I don't think I'll get to the level of saying that I have cash flow comparable to '13 for this year, probably because of the dynamics of net working capital. I still think though that overall, I mean, cash flow will continue to be strong. I think that 2015 is probably something that's going to be in order of magnitude of -- from a contribution perspective, in the same ratios as you've seen relative to the '13 type dynamic. The -- and then relative to stock repurchase, I mean, we're opportunistic with stock repurchase. We have a much broader program, a $500 million program. We did do $45 million last quarter. You're correct, we did not buy back any stock this quarter. Lots of things influenced that between the timing of awards, timing of cash flow for project acquisitions, any number of different factors that are taken into consideration. But we do think that we'll be very optimistic relative to cash -- I mean, stock repurchase as we go forward.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And Jim, the second question is really in regards to pipeline space. You've talked that you've received some long-term agreements that were anticipated from key clients, so congratulations on that. Typically, when you've done agreements such as these in the past on the transmission side, you've seen some incremental bookings alongside it. So if you can comment on the timing of initial bookings for these particular agreements. And as you see the construction starts for some of this work into 2015?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. It's a good question, Tahira. I think it's going to be a mix. You're going to see some projects move into backlog, which will be reflected as we move through '15. I think you'll see strong backlog in mainline. But also under these agreements, some of the projects that have potential to move to construction over the next several years won't be put into backlog until we're certain they move to construction. So it'll be a mix, a mix of projects going into backlog and then the opportunities under these agreements to build programs that won't go into backlog until there's more clarity on those programs going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The oil and gas margins were strong in the quarter, and annually, they've been rising. What's your confidence that the margins there can continue to improve from the 2014 levels? I know you mentioned capacity and the market's going to be pushed to its limits. Or should we just be thinking about overall profit dollars?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Steve. I mean, I think that we've talked about the contributions of mainline will continue to push us in the opportunities of the 9% to 12% range. You've seen that within this year, most specifically in the second and third quarter, which was largely because of those mainline contributions. Our historical performance in that space is such that we have seen that 9% to 12% margin on that execution on mainline. And as we go into '15, I think a lot of Jim's commentary is, first, to get larger contributions. And so I think those combinations puts us very comfortable that we'll be within that range.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then how long does your backlog in Canadian pipeline extend right now? And kind of when do you need to start replenishing that? And then how do you think about how that business fares there in a lower-priced environment?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I wouldn't say it's a lower-priced environment. I would say that the price environment in mainline is going to be strong going forward. I would say that most of the backlog that we have today in Canada is in 2015. We do have some that spills into '16. But I think as we move through the year, next year, you're going to see lower -- you're going to see backlog build in mainline and it could have a multiyear feel to it. Sorry, Steve, I misunderstood your question on the low price of oil. I think that there's a couple of things here. One, I think people forget that pipeline is the most cost-effective way to move products. So in some way, this is positive for the pipeline market because rail and trucking of commodities or oil is becoming -- is going to be -- is going to move into being not very cost effective under the current price of these commodities. And secondly, many of our customers have longer-term agreements with shippers that are in place today. I mean, they wouldn't have started spending the capital that they have on some of these programs to get permitting and signing done and buying product and so forth if they didn't have commitments from customers. So I'm pretty confident at this point in time that many of the projects and opportunities we see are going to move forward. That's not to say that a further decline in oil pricing could impact our business in some areas, but I do think that we're going to have quite a bit of activity in '15 and beyond on mainline pipe.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I just wanted to stick with oil and gas for my first question. I thought there were some positive comments on Australia that you gave in your comments, and was hoping you could expand upon sort of the opportunity set that you're seeing there. And then if you could discuss just the relative amount of bidding activity and opportunities you're seeing in, again, Canada versus the U.S.
James F. O'Neil: Noelle, right now in Australia, it's been the same story, the same market. It's a coal seam gas market. It's been very active for us. It has a multiyear feel. We're the primary contractor from a market position in Queensland, building the pipeline infrastructure. So it's been a very good market for us and it's very consistent, and we do see some growth opportunities there. Canada, I would say that Canada and U.S., the mix of the opportunities that we see on mainline pipe are probably equal right now across Canada and the U.S. going forward. There's activity throughout North America that we believe will ramp up in '15 and beyond.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then shifting to transmission. I think if you look at kind of the awards that we've seen this year in the public sphere, transition awards have been, I think, lower than folks expected, maybe heading into the year. I guess my first question is, is that what you're seeing in the market? Or because you negotiate so much work, are you still seeing a lot of activity and growth in the U.S. transmission market? And then the second piece of that would be if you're expecting awards to accelerate here in the last couple of months of the year and into early '15.
James F. O'Neil: One of the good things about being at Quanta is we do have these relationships with many of the investor-owned utilities and Canadian [indiscernible] and utilities, so we do have a view of what their multiyear transmission programs are. I mean, we're building a majority of the big projects and we pretty much build transmission, whether it's large announced projects or smaller projects, for most of all the investor-owned utilities in the United States. So we see transmission activity continuing to be strong. I wouldn't relate that to just large project awards as being the barometer as to whether we'd beat or whether the business is falling off. We don't see that right now. We see continued large projects and certainly, smaller projects that have momentum. And we feel comfortable that at least through 2015, that transmission continues to have a growth feel to it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Andrew on behalf of Jamie. Just a quick question back to your transmission side. You guys said that Q4 is more trend -- margins are trending more towards the lower end of the 10% to 12% target. And then -- I mean, if you had taken into account Q2, where margins played out there, and then in Q3, you're in line, but excluding the -- including the charge, you're below that targeted range. How do you guys feel about -- I know you don't give 2015 guidance, but how do you feel about your confidence of getting that of -- that margin level back into that targeted range? And what do you see in terms of the market or in terms of what Quanta is doing to improve that?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, we feel very comfortable with our 10% to 12% range. We've been executing within that range for quite some time. The second quarter was a real anomaly, I mean, from a weather perspective as it relates to the dynamics that it had on production. I mean, if you recall, it was just an extremely difficult winter and that breakup really came into play in that second quarter. So -- but when I look back over the quarters of the last several years, I mean, we very strongly feel it fit within that 10% to 12% range. So I continue to believe that as we go into '15 and beyond, that we'll continue to execute solidly within that range. The fourth quarter dynamic is such that we may be still yet slightly on the lower end of that range, but I think that you'll still see that we feel very comfortable it'll exceed the 10% range.
Andrew Buscaglia - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just long-term -- switching to your oil and gas segment. I know Mexico has been sort of a topic, given the potential in that market. Are you guys doing anything strategically now to align yourselves in that region? And then in terms of a time line, do you guys see this becoming impactful in '15 or '16? Or what's your thinking as of lately?
James F. O'Neil: Well, we're certainly evaluating the Mexican market. I mean, there's going to be significant infrastructure built there. I think the main thing that everybody needs to remember is that just is another factor on the strain on capacity that's available to build pipeline in North America, and so we see plenty of opportunity to build pipeline in Canada and the United States. We're certainly evaluating Mexico. You can hardly not, because it's such a big opportunity. But right now, our preferred place to build infrastructure is Canada, the United States and in Australia.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Andy Wittmann with Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Derrick, I wanted to get a better sense of the acquisitions that were completed in the quarter. Could you give us perhaps the backlog contributions to the 2 primary segments as well as the revenue contribution in the quarter from acquisitions in total?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. The combined acquisitions for the quarter, probably run rate of about $200 million to $250 million. And from a -- as of September 30, what I'd say from a backlog perspective, they probably were about, let's say, about $100 million in total backlog contribution and I'd call that 25-75, 25% probably electric power, 75% oil and gas.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess maybe just to dig into the pipeline segment a little bit more. You kind of mentioned that a lot of the gathering work that you do is in natural gas developments primarily. Maybe Derrick, it would be helpful if you could help us get a relative sense about what gathering -- what percentage of your overall pipeline business, maybe on a year-to-date basis, has been gathering. Just put that in some broader context for us.
James F. O'Neil: I would say, Andy, that gathering is running about $1 billion a year in revenue, maybe a little bit better than that. But that gives you a sense, when you look at the overall segment, what gathering's contribution is.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Jerimiah on the line for Vishal. Just wanted to delve a little bit more into the geographic breakdown. Obviously, you guys have moved into Australia. I'm wondering if you're seeing any shift more towards Canada and Australia away from the U.S. in both of the major segments.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, Canada right now has grown and is now towards probably getting close to a 20% type range. And Australia is probably a little less than 5%. And I think as we go forward right now, I'd expect those relative contributions to stay approximately the same for the near term.
Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then also to the extent that you can talk about it, just wanted to touch again on the mainline agreements that you guys signed. What's the sort of margin profile that you're thinking about there as you start to put that into backlog?
James F. O'Neil: The mainline pipe opportunities that we see under these agreements, as Derrick stated earlier, if we execute on that amount of mainline, it should get us into -- well into the 9% to 12% operating income range, provided we execute. I always say that mainline pipe is to the oil and gas segment like electric transmission projects are to the electric power segment. So if we get a good volume of mainline pipe occurring next year, which we're on the road to having a good amount of mainline pipe occurring next year, we have the opportunity to be well within the 9% to 12% operating income range for this segment.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I wanted to ask first on Keystone. If that moves forward, how should we think about that for you guys on the pricing side? Or maybe you can just refresh us because that was the job you announced back in 2011. I mean contractually, if that moves forward, talk a little bit about what we should be thinking there.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we're not thinking about Keystone right now. So it's off the radar right now for us. TransCanada would have to announce that they're moving forward with it and I don't know where they are with that, to be honest with you. I mean -- so I mean, obviously, if Keystone moved forward, it would fit the pricing profile of all of our other mainline pipe programs.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: You're not locked into some 2011 price?
James F. O'Neil: No, we're not -- we don't have a -- no pricing or no contract was signed on Keystone. It was just a -- it was a joint venture that was working toward -- that was put in place that would execute on Keystone, but nothing was signed or committed to on pricing contractually on that project. And the project's going to -- was rerouted anyway. So I mean, it's not even the same program as it was early on. So anyway, that's a TransCanada question, and certainly, if it went forward, that would be great for us potentially. But we really can't comment on Keystone right now.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then Derrick, the revenue guidance you gave for the oil and gas segment, I think you said down year-over-year. Is that organic? Or is that all in?
Derrick A. Jensen: No. I don't -- I said maybe kind of flat to down, but that is all in, yes. I mean, we had substantial contributions last year from a mainline perspective and, in the fourth quarter of this year, will likely be the lowest contribution for 2014 as well as compared to last year. So it's really just the timing of where those projects fall. And as we talked about earlier in the year, we saw a number of the mainline projects looking like that they were going to push into '15 and it's impacted what we see from the quarter-over-quarter comparison.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. And I wouldn't read anything into that, Adam. I mean, we always talk about quarter-over-quarter fluctuations in our business. And when you look at the fourth quarter and you look at our pipeline business, I would not read anything into it being a flat or slightly down from a prior period. I think you need to look at the opportunities that we have on a longer-term basis, and there's certainly opportunities out there to grow that business as we move into '15.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on mainline. You've locked in, I guess, these long-term arrangements and your tone on '15 is pretty upbeat. But can you talk a little bit maybe about any timing concerns you may have on '15, given a couple of the large projects slated for '15 are still subject to some permitting issues? Or is that something that could impact you? Or is the projects that you're tagging pretty firm at this point?
James F. O'Neil: Oh, no, that's always a concern, I mean, for us and our customers, that projects can get pushed. I mean, I think we're pretty comfortable that many of these projects all have moved far enough along in that process to where we're going to have a nice uptick in mainline pipe activity next year. I mean, I think the risk is a lot less than what obviously was a year ago because many of these projects have been moving forward with the permitting and signing process. So we're pretty comfortable where we stand today. But that doesn't mean something can't happen to push these projects to the right. But at this point in time, we're pretty comfortable that we're going to move -- that these projects will be moved into construction next year.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then real quick, just a follow-up on the Fiber business. Obviously, you're in a bit of a transition as you're offering more lit services. It's just kind of hard to tell from the outside because it looks like numbers have been pretty flattish year-over-year or even down a little bit in, spite of the investment. Can you maybe peel back the onion and tell us a little bit more what's going on, on the core side relative to the ancillary? Because it's kind of hard to see the benefit of some of the CapEx you're putting in the system.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I understand, Dan. It's a problem I continue to be plagued with. From a -- clearly, the ancillary telecom revenues that are in that segment create those fluctuations. The underlying Fiber business itself, consistent with what we've been seeing in the last few quarters, is still growing at kind of a mid single-digit range. It's just masked by those fluctuations in that ancillary telecom revenue work, which those are down, because as we've talked about in the past, those just aren't strategic revenues for us as we stand here today. We still believe that we'll be able to put it back into a double-digit growth within that sector -- within that segment. Probably at this stage of the game, still yet in 2016. We talked about previously when we rolled into lit fiber, that it would take us about 18 months to see the contribution. We are seeing contribution today. Those revenues are coming online, and I do think that we'll continue to see those revenues increase such that we do think that probably in the latter part of -- in the mid to latter part of '16, we'll be back to double-digit growth within the segment for the Fiber business specifically.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to William Bremer with The Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Given the very strong top line growth of the 2 segments, I'm just trying to put together in my mind, what type of capacity are you currently running at? And then I'm looking at your backlog and I'm saying to myself, how does that equate to like 2015 and beyond? I mean, you guys have done a superb job here. Just trying to get a sense of how you're allocating your resources. And then my next question is given that, how are the labor rates in these fields? And how are they progressing?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, to answer the second part of your question first, labor rates, most of the work we're doing is under multiyear agreements. When these agreements, these collective-bargaining agreements come up for renewal or renegotiation, we're seeing rates that are fair, increases that are tied really to cost-of-living-type increases. So the labor rates aren't getting out of control. And labor rates also get passed on to our customers when we have increases. Now that doesn't mean we're not seeing some areas that have higher escalation, which is overall, I think when you look at it collectively, there's fair increases across both the electric power and on the oil and gas side of our business. As far as resources, I mean, I think one of the good things we do as an organization is because of our entrepreneurial business model and because we're not the low-price contractor, we do spend a lot of time and effort investing in people and we stay ahead of these growth curves. So we're out there developing the future leaders of the organization, both at the superintendent project management level. And we work very closely with the trades to develop the crafts people needed to meet the needs of a few. We've got a lot of work going on, a lot more than anybody else. A lot of this work requires a lot of -- the development of people requires on-the-job training. So we have that advantage, too, because we all work in 50-million-plus hours a year in the field. We can accelerate development of people to move up through the trade as well to be qualified journeymen linemen or welders or whatever. So I'm not saying it's not challenging, it's a challenging environment. But our company is in probably the best position to develop people and to keep up with the growth opportunities than anybody else in the industry.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Right. And then one for you, Derrick. I noticed you guys tapped the debt market this quarter. Can you give us a little color on that? Was that because of the acquisitions or the receivables? Or can you just give us some color on what that's all about?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. I mean, as much of it is all the things that you laid out, I mean, working capital and the timing of acquisitions. A big portion also is just the timing of when we received cash versus our ability to pay down the debt. We've been making payments against that debt even since quarter-end. So a lot of it just has to do with just the timing of when those flows were happening.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Min Cho with FBR Capital Markets.
Min Cho - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but if you could just provide any additional details about the opportunities in 1 gigabit along your Power Distribution business. And as well, any additional details on your efforts on the offshore work?
James F. O'Neil: Well, offshore is -- I mean, moving forward, it's pretty active. I mean, it's -- the development of deepwater and the work we're seeing in the shales would actually translate some of -- the company we bought in Houma, Louisiana that has fabrication capabilities, we're actually expanding some of their capabilities on land, opportunities building production systems and midstream facilities for customers. We're also offshore deepwater production systems, mechanical hookups. All of that's increasing. And we've got a niche market. We're in a niche market there that's performing well and we see some nice growth opportunities there. On the distribution side, we're seeing, for Google, a lot of opportunities on their fiber rollout, where we can do the power make-ready. Much of this infrastructure is being put on utility poles, utility infrastructure that has energized conductor. It requires a qualified journeyman lineman to do the power makeready for the telecom contractors. And certainly, that's a big opportunity for us moving forward. Also, part of the growth on distribution is the continued replacement of the aging grid in many areas, storm hardening, and the opportunity to upgrade the grid infrastructure to accept some of the technology that's being rolled out as far as the smart meter technologies or integrate distributed generation on to the grid. So you've got various initiatives occurring across the United States and Canada. And our Distribution business is going to continue to have a growth feel to it. I mean, we've probably grown that business to double-digit rates the last 4 years and I don't see that business slowing down anytime soon. So we see positive momentum right now in all subsectors of our -- of each of the segments as we see it today.
Min Cho - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then also given the strong demand that you're seeing across all of your end markets, are you starting to see the pricing -- any change in pricing? Or is the -- are the margins in backlog still pretty close to what you're reporting right now?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. The margins in backlog are comparable to what we're executing on today. I mean, when we have an opportunity to increase pricing, we do. But many of the relationships we have today are with strategic customers who have sophisticated procurement groups, and we're making acceptable margins there today. And we're getting more scale, and we're helping our customers over time reduce costs and taking over more functionality from them. And certainly, over time, as we take on more responsibility, there may be an opportunity to improve margins. But right now, with the strategic relationships we're in, we're making good margins. And certainly, the scale is the important thing today in this environment, is to continue to maintain that relationship and grow with our customers as our CapEx programs become significantly larger than what they've been historically over the next several years.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to John Rogers with D.A. Davidson & Co.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jim, first thing is, in terms of the Oil and Gas business that you've got, especially looking out into 2015, and I understand your comments, you haven't seen any real change in planning, but how much of the business, in your mind, is tied to oil projects versus gas?
James F. O'Neil: Well, most of our work in the Marcellus is, as we stated in our prepared remarks, were gas. I mean, that's where most of our work is occurring. And I would say that when we moved into mainline, it's by mix. It's a mix. I wouldn't say that oil is predominant or gas is predominant. We're just seeing a mix of opportunities to move product on mainline pipes. So it's -- you really just can't put your finger on it. I would just say where we are predominant on a fossil fuel, it would be on our gathering work in the Marcellus is where we do probably 80% of our gathering. And that's predominantly natural gas and natural gas liquids.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And the mainline agreements that you have?
James F. O'Neil: It's a mix. It's both moving liquids and gas.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got it. And then my second question, I guess, is maybe for Derrick, Spending on acquisitions, I haven't seen the Q yet, but where are you year-to-date? And sort of what are you expecting into 2015, given your pipeline?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. From a year-to-date perspective, total acquisitions, when you say spending, I don't know if you're asking from a revenue or total consideration. I'd say from a consideration perspective, we're probably in around the $250 million, $275 million range of total spend. Then from a run rate perspective, we're probably in the near or probably a little above our $400 million run rate revenue perspective. I won't comment specifically anything between now and the end of the year, but I'll just simply say that our acquisition program continues at a pace that's fairly comparable to what you saw in '13 and what you're seeing on a year-to-date basis such that I would say on the forward 12 months, you can still yet see revenue contributions may be in order of magnitude of the $500 million range, consistent what you've seen in the trailing 12-month basis.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mike Shlisky with Global Hunter.
Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: I want to ask you quickly about the new Nalcor project. Given the size of the project and some of it is in a fairly, I'd say, out-of-the-way location, is there any change or any difference in this project with the start-up costs or the cadence of the cost of the contract versus other smaller contracts?
James F. O'Neil: No. I mean, every project's different, and obviously, this is a project that's in a very remote area. So we've got things we need to do to prepare to get our people and equipment in there. But all of those costs are covered on the contract and they're in the total contract price. So it doesn't matter how complicated or intense a mobe or demobe is, it's all priced into the contract under the same margin profile that we expect to give for our shareholders.
Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Great. Another Maine question, just on your company's storm-related work. It's been a pretty light hurricane season, not a lot of Maine storms. But that said, none of the big storms actually makes the national papers. I'm just kind of wondering if any large storm projects appear in the third quarter and whether there was an increase or decrease over the prior year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. This is Derrick. I mean, we probably did roughly $30 million of storm work this quarter, which is very close to what we had originally forecasted. And kind of year-over-year, I'd say that's up about $10 million as compared to last year. Right now, we're anticipating only about $100 million for the year, and we're right on course for that for this year.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Brian Lee with Goldman Sachs.
Brian K. Lee - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, to start, I might have misunderstood or misheard you. But Jim, can you clarify the comments around free cash flow for 2015? I thought you had said free cash flow should look similar to 2013 levels. But given there should be much higher revenue and some margin expansion across the segments, just wondering why there wouldn't be a much better profile heading into next year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, we have yet to give financial guidance for 2015, which is what makes getting into the specifics of the cash flow even more difficult. We historically don't forecast our cash flow. But my comments are really more along the lines of that when I think about 2013's overall contribution, that I think that 2015 could be similar just from a dollar perspective. But cash flow is very difficult for us to forecast as it relates to the timing of projects, the working capital demands, CapEx, acquisitions and then the like. But I continue to believe that with the expansion of margins and the volume, that we would continue to see an expansion in cash flow in 2015 over 2014. So I do agree with your comment.
Brian K. Lee - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then maybe just to follow up on that margin commentary. Was also wondering, I know you alluded to it on prior questions, but how are you thinking about the 9% to 12% operating margin target, particularly for the oil and gas segment? Reason I ask is, I would have expected a bit more expansion in this quarter, specifically given the big sequential increase in revenues. So maybe any color around the dynamics there would be helpful.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. I mean, from a segment perspective, we ended up at 10% margins within that segment, which is moving very firmly into our 9% to 12% guidance. And so we continue to be pleased with the margin expansion we see. I think that we've seen that as the mainline continues to contribute, we -- each period, we continue to see margin expansion. That's what gives us the confidence to think that when we get into 2015, that the 9% to 12% is something that's very achievable. I think one of the differences as well is that when we think about 9% to 12% for 2015, I think the level of mainline contribution is such that we feel like we may be able to be there from a year perspective rather than just an individual quarter perspective. The -- part of that is the expansion of revenue, which is going to have a better fixed cost absorption and then as well as just the execution on projects. So we continue to feel confident being able to get into that space of that 9% to 12% as we go forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital.
Jonathan P. Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates: Jim, I have a question on the Sunrise project. Obviously, the charge was rather consequential this quarter. When you look ahead, what have you learned? What are some of the things that you might have put in place? New systems, new controls that we don't see a recurrence of that. And most specifically, do you take verbal assurances on change orders at this time or still?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'll tell you that, obviously, there's always lessons learned when you go through something like this. We don't like being in this situation. I can't recall in the history of the company that we've had a dispute at this level. And certainly, there's best practices that come out of it. I mean, a lot of times, when you're out there in the field and you're in the middle of trying to get something built under an extreme time line, I mean, this used to be more of a handshake business and things are changing. I think the environment's changed over the last 5 years since the recession. And certainly, we've done a lot to put new processes and procedures and controls in place from the development and training of our people and increasing and improving our project management capabilities. And documentation certainly is a big component of that, to ensure we paper up any changes that occur -- change in scope that can occur in the field. So yes, I mean, there are lessons learned here, and certainly, you can look back on any situation. With that said, we're still pursuing the total amount of decline and this was a change in legal strategy as we move toward -- moving from what we call a settlement to more of an arbitration environment. So yes, they're best practices, and certainly, we've implemented those throughout the organization.
Jonathan P. Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates: Do you think we'll see a final resolution in 2015?
James F. O'Neil: Arbitration is supposed to occur in the second quarter of 2015, so we're hopeful that will bring finality to this, yes.
Operator: And we've now reached the allotted time for this conference call. At this point, I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I'd like to thank you all for participating in our third quarter 2014 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you, and this concludes our call for today.
Operator: And this ends today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Will Gabrielski - Stephens Inc., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Benjamin Xiao Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Thomas Daniels - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kip Rupp. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thanks, Joshua, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review second quarter results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of the Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. You can also receive or access Quanta's latest earnings release and other information such as press releases, SEC filings, presentations, video, audio-casts, conference calls and stock price information with the Quanta Services Investor Relations app, which is available for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, July 31, 2014. And therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2014 and its other filings filed -- documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thank you, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our second quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Quanta produced a record second quarter revenues, operating income and earnings per share, fueled strong performance in our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment, which reflects continuing demand for our services, safe project execution and Quanta's leadership position in the energy infrastructure marketplace. Overall, we believe we continue to remain in the double-digit growth environment as we have significant work underway and are currently in a robust bidding and negotiating period with our customers. Our electric power segment experienced margin pressure during the second quarter due to the challenging effects of the late breakup in Canada and northern parts of the United States, which we discussed on our first quarter earnings call. This dynamic impacted productivity primarily on electric transmission projects in those areas. However, that dynamic is now behind us and we expect improved margin performance for our electric power segment comparable to historical results for the remainder of 2014 and remain comfortable with the midpoint of our full year 2014 diluted earnings per share guidance. Backlog declined slightly from record levels at the end of the first quarter of this year but remains strong. We continue to have visibility into significant work that could drive backlog to new record levels. We are currently bidding or negotiating a record dollar volume of project opportunities and are in the late stages of finalizing contract terms on several sizable agreements with customers in both the electric power and oil and gas industries that we expect to finalize in the coming months. Our outlook for North America electric transmission spending remains positive for these reasons and is largely shaped by our conversations and strategic relationships with many of the leading utilities across North America, which gives us valuable insight into their multi-year infrastructure capital programs. Further, according to a recent report by the C3 Group, a leading energy industry market intelligence services -- service, based on transmission spending from 2008 through 2013, 17 of the most active U.S. utilities are projected to increase their aggregate transmission spending by 81% or an 8.8% compound annual growth rate from 2014 through 2020. PPL Electric Utilities' Northeast Pocono reliability transmission project, which we were selected for in the second quarter, is representative of this spending. For this project, we will install approximately 68 miles of new 230-kilovolt and 1 38-kilovolt overhead transmission line and related services. In Canada, current and anticipated transmission activity remains strong due to regional increases in load demand, development of hydropower generation, reliability challenges, integration of renewables into the grid and the export of power to the U.S. and other dynamics. In fact, forecasted transmission spending data from SNL, a leading energy industry intelligence service, indicates a robust Canada market through at least 2017. The smaller project transmission market in North America also remains active as utilities upgrade, replace and construct new transmission lines to address reliability challenges associated with coal-fired generation retirements, integration of renewables into the grid, reliability compliance and other issues. For example, in the second quarter, we were awarded a project to remove 39 miles of a 500-kilovolt lattice steel line and replace it with new 500-kilovolt line and lattice steel structures with a 230-kilovolt underbuilt line. This month, we were awarded a project to reconduct approximately 50 miles of double circuit 345-kilovolt transmission line, which also includes reinforcement or replacement of transmission structures. In response to several physical attacks on viable electric infrastructure in the United States, the North America Energy Reliability Council (sic) [North American Electric Reliability Corporation], or NERC, has proposed new reliability standards to enhance the physical security of the most critical bulk power system facilities in North America. As these reliability standards are implemented, we see attractive opportunities to leverage our consulting, engineering and construction expertise to provide solutions to our customers. Additionally, we are seeing further indications that utilities are positioning themselves to capitalize on transmission opportunities associated with FERC Order 1000 implementation. Several utilities have recently announced the formation of new transmission companies to pursue FERC Order 1000 transmission opportunities. We believe FERC Order 1000 will have a positive effect on transmission investment and present opportunities for Quanta in the future. Electric distribution remains active as utilities implement system-hardening initiatives to better resist severe storm events. Utilities are also enhancing distribution networks as distributed generation, demand response and other technologies are deployed. Recovery in new home construction in certain markets continues to drive distribution activity, and we expect these dynamics to continue for at least the next couple of years, providing additional opportunity for growth. Demand for our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services remains strong, driven by the development of unconventional shale plays in North America, the Canadian oil sands and coal seam gas in Australia. Our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment revenues grew significantly and our operating income margins expanded as compared to the second quarter of last year due to favorable end-market demand and increased contributions from mainline pipeline projects in North America and Australia. We remain active in building midstream gathering infrastructure in the United States, shale plays and are currently working on mainline projects already in backlog. In the second quarter, we were awarded a mainline pipe project in Canada. This project will be built during the winter with the significant majority of construction occurring in 2015. We continue to expect demand for our mainline pipe construction services to increase. Discussions and negotiations with various customers about specific mainline projects and multi-year alliance agreements continue to advance. Most of these projects and work under these potential multi-year agreements are anticipated to begin construction in 2015. We expect to complete contract negotiations on 1 or more of these opportunities before year end. Based on our knowledge of pipeline company capital programs throughout North America, we believe demand for mainline pipe construction services could exceed industry capacity in the coming years. We also expect Canadian mainline pipe activity to be particularly strong for several years. Quanta has been one of the leading mainline pipe construction companies in Canada for many years and we believe we are uniquely positioned for future Canadian mainline pipe opportunities. As a leading pipeline construction company with extensive engineering capabilities, program management, manpower resources and equipment fleet, we have the scope and scale across North America to assist our customers in achieving their mainline pipe construction programs. Coupled with our reputation, track record for safe execution and customer relationships, we are well positioned to be an important participant during this historic time for the North American oil and gas markets. While mainline pipe projects get a lot of attention, our oil and gas segment provides a wide range of infrastructure services. Many of the projects we work on in this segment are midstream projects that are -- that typically fly below the radar of investors. Other services we provide include the logistics of managing and transporting all of the pipe for the project from the mill to the project right-of-way, specialty trenching or directional drilling services, and building and installing compression and pumping facilities. Further, the facilities associated with extracting, storing, processing and transporting hydrocarbons require electrical infrastructure for access to power, which offers synergies between our electric power and oil and gas infrastructure operations. That is the strength of Quanta. We have the ability to offer comprehensive solutions to our customers, which diversifies our revenues and expands our end-market opportunities. Developing comprehensive infrastructure solutions has been a significant driver of our acquisition strategy. I commented earlier on the contributions of our Australian expansion on mainline pipe and as we highlighted in our earnings release this morning, we have now expanded our Australian presence into the electric power infrastructure space with the acquisition of Consolidated Power Projects, or CPP. CPP is an Australian electric engineering and construction company that offers a fully integrated service offering for high-voltage electric assets. We continue to view the Australian market as a significant growth opportunity. And finally, our Fiber Optic Licensing operation continues to perform well. Demand for our dark fiber network remains solid, and our lit services rollout continues to progress in our Northeast markets. We are engaging current and potential new customers with the broad platform of private network communication solutions that we offer. And we see attractive growth opportunities over the next several years as our lit service offering gains some traction in 2015 and beyond. In summary, during the first half of this year, we executed well and met the financial expectations we established. End-market drivers remain firmly in place and demand for our specialty infrastructure services is strong. We have visibility into significant new project awards this year that could drive higher levels of backlog. We expect our financial performance for the second half of this year to improve and be stronger than the first half. We continue to see opportunity for double-digit growth and our multi-year outlook remains positive. As electric power and oil and gas infrastructure projects become larger and more complex, more customers are turning to Quanta to provide comprehensive infrastructure solutions. We believe we have the scope and scale, technology, expertise, safety programs and track record that differentiate us in the markets we serve. We continue to execute on strategies that position Quanta for both near- and long-term growth. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his financial review of the second quarter. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.86 billion for the second quarter of 2014 compared to $1.47 billion in the prior year second quarter, reflecting an increase of 26.5% in quarter-over-quarter revenues. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $81.1 million or $0.37 per diluted share as compared to $70.2 million or $0.33 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. Included in the second quarter of 2013 was noncash stock-based compensation expense of approximately $4.3 million or $0.01 per diluted share related to the retirement of Quanta's former Chairman effective May 23, 2013. Adjusted diluted earnings per share as presented in today's press release was $0.43 for the second quarter of 2014 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.38 for the second quarter of 2013. The increase in consolidated revenues in the second quarter of 2014 as compared to the same quarter last year was primarily due to an 18.4% increase in revenues from our electric infrastructure services segment and 51.7% increase in revenues from our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment. Revenues contributed during the quarter from companies acquired subsequent to June 30 of last year are estimated at around $200 million, which indicates that organic growth in consolidated revenues was in the double-digit range of approximately 10% to 11%. Our consolidated gross margin was 15.1% in the second quarter of 2014 as compared to 16.4% in the second quarter of 2013. As Jim briefly mentioned in his commentary, the weather aspects of the first quarter 2014 did carry over and impact our performance in the second quarter of 2014, primarily in Canada and northern regions of the U.S. as we dealt with the late breakup as these areas thawed from a very cold first quarter as well as other very wet conditions. This impacted our overall productivity for the quarter and therefore reduced profitability of certain projects, primarily in the electric power segment. Selling, general and administrative expenses as presented in this quarter's press release were $139.4 million in the second quarter of 2014, reflecting an increase of $20.4 million as compared to last year's second quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $15 million in incremental G&A costs associated with companies acquired since the second quarter of 2013 and $5.5 million in higher professional fees primarily associated with ongoing legal matters. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to 7.5% in the second quarter of 2014 from 8.1% in the second quarter of 2013. Primarily due to the impact of the higher revenues described above, the impact of lower cost structures of certain other companies acquired after the second quarter of last year, as well as lower noncash stock-based compensation expense due to the previously described impact of the $4.3 million expense included in the second quarter of 2013. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense was 7.6% for 2Q '14 compared to 8.3% consolidated operating margin in the second quarter of '13. Amortization of intangible assets increased to $8.6 million in the second quarter of 2014 from $5.1 million in 2Q '13 primarily due to amortization of intangible assets associated with acquisitions that have closed since the second quarter of last year. To further discuss our segment results, electric power revenues were $1.24 billion, reflecting an increase of $192.8 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 18.4%. Revenues during the quarter were positively impacted by increased revenues from electric power transmission, distribution and power generation projects, which resulted primarily from increased capital spending by our customers and an estimated $50 million in revenues by acquired companies. Operating margin in the electric power segment decreased to 9% in the second quarter of 2014 as compared to 11.5% in last year's second quarter, primarily due to the effects of the late winter breakup and other wet weather effects described in my earlier comments. Additionally, the decrease in quarter-over-quarter gross margin was attributable to the higher margins earned on certain power generation projects that were completed during the second quarter of 2013 as compared to the second quarter of 2014. 12-month and total backlog for the electric power segment increased significantly when compared to the second quarter of 2013 primarily due to new awards and, to a lesser extent, from acquired companies. 12-month and total backlog decreased slightly from year end due to period-over-period backlog having some lumpiness associated with the timing of awards and contract burn as discussed in prior quarters. Oil and gas segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by 51.7% to $585.4 million in 2Q '14 as a result of revenue contributions of an estimated $150 million from companies acquired since the quarter, second quarter of 2013, as well as revenue increases due to increased capital spending by our customers. Operating income for the oil and gas segment as a percentage of revenues increased to 9.5% in 2Q '14 from 7.2% in 2Q '13. This increase was predominantly due to strong execution on certain mainline pipe projects in both the U.S. and Australia and contingencies associated with these projects as well as better fixed-cost absorption due to higher revenues. Total backlog for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment at the end of the second quarter of 2014 was consistent with the amounts reported at year end. However, 12-month and beyond 12-month backlog were impacted by the change in anticipated start date of a project to beyond the 12-month backlog period. Comparable changes occurred between the first and second quarter of 2014. Our Fiber Optic Licensing and other segment revenues were down $2 million or 4.9% to $40 million in 2Q '14 as compared to $42.1 million in 2Q '13 primarily due to lower levels of ancillary telecommunication service revenues. Operating margin was 35.4% in 2Q '14 as compared to 34% in 2Q '13 primarily due to lower network maintenance costs in the quarter. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $2.8 million in the second quarter of 2014 as compared to 2Q '13 primarily as a result of a $3.5 million increase in amortization expense related to 2014 and 2013 acquisitions and a $2.3 million increase in consulting and other business development fees, partially offset by lower noncash stock-based compensation costs due to the higher stock-based compensation expense in last year's second quarter that I spoke of earlier. EBITA for the second quarter of 2014 was $136.4 million or 7.3% of revenues compared to $117.4 million or 8% of revenues for the second quarter of 2013. Adjusted EBITDA was $186 million or 10% of revenues for the second quarter of 2014 compared to $163.6 million or 11.1% of revenues for the second quarter of 2013. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and day sales outstanding, or DSOs, can be found in the Investors and Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. For the second quarter of 2014, cash flow provided by operations was approximately $33 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $71 million resulting in approximately $39 million of negative free cash flow as compared to free cash flow of approximately $16 million for the second quarter of 2013. The decline in free cash flow was primarily driven by prepayments related to the renewal and extension of certain of our insurance policies, which have historically occurred during the third quarter, as well as the payment of the liability associated with the arbitration decision in the first quarter of 2014 as discussed in today's earnings release. DSOs were 78 days at June 30, 2014, compared to 72 days at December 31, 2013, and 83 days as of the second quarter of last year, which is adjusted for the reclass of the Sunrise change order. Impacting our financing cash flows during the second quarter of 2014 was our use of approximately $45 million in cash for the purchase of approximately 1.3 million shares of our common stock under our 3-year $500 million stock repurchase program, which we announced late last year. At June 30, 2014, we had about $244 million in letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding primarily to secure our insurance program, and we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $189 million in cash with approximately $40 million in U.S. funds and $149 million relating to our foreign operations. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $1.27 billion in total liquidity as of June 30, 2014. Concerning our outlook for 2014, we expect revenues for the third quarter of 2014 to range between $2.0 billion and $2.1 billion and diluted earnings per share to be $0.52 to $0.54 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.65 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share of 43% -- $0.43 in the third quarter of 2013, which includes the benefit of $0.03 per share from the release of tax contingencies. Our GAAP EPS forecast for the third quarter of 2014 includes an estimate of $8.5 million for noncash stock-based compensation expense and $9.1 million for amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2014 is expected to be $0.57 to $0.59, and compares to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.46 in the third quarter of 2013. We expect revenues for the full year of 2014 to range between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion. We expect diluted earnings per share to be between $1.58 and $1.68 on a GAAP basis. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2014 includes an estimate of $37.6 million for noncash stock-based compensation expense and $34.9 million of amortization expense. Our expectations for non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year of 2014 are between $1.90 and $2. This compares to $1.71 in 2013. Our forecast of non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in our release. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interests to be approximately $4 million to $5 million in the third quarter of 2014 and $15 million to $16 million for the year. For additional guidance, we're currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be between 34.5% and 35.5% for 2014 and our diluted share count to be about 219.2 million shares. We expect CapEx for all of 2014 to be approximately $300 million to $325 million, which includes CapEx for our fiber licensing and other segment of about $50 million to $60 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2013 of $264 million. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with a focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital and capital expenditure growth, and an opportunistic approach toward acquisitions, investments and the repurchases of stock. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take your first question from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I missed the first minute or so of your comments, so just -- within the electric business, wondering if you could comment on how the year is playing out relative to your expectations at the start of the year and what's your confidence in a better rate of bookings in that segment later this year?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think that the year on electric is playing out as we expected it to. I think the revenues and margins that we expect to generate are consistent with what we guided at the beginning of the year. We are bidding and negotiating more work than I've ever seen before in the history of this company, and there are many opportunities on both the electric side and on the oil and gas side to build additional backlog. So the outlook is bright from my standpoint. I think we've got significant opportunities. Our guys are really doing a great job in the field executing, and we're meeting our customers' expectations as these projects get bigger and more complex and, as a result, we're getting more opportunities to grow our business as our customer capital programs expand.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then on the pipeline side, just curious, now that you have it back into the execution on the mainline pipes for a couple of quarters, just really what you have learned from the execution experience you've had. And I heard you say you're going to be executing some mainline pipe projects in the winter. So I guess, I'm just trying to get a sense of how confident we should be about the expected execution there.
James F. O'Neil: Well, as I mentioned on the call, we have a lot of work pending in Canada. And a lot of that work is performed in the winter months when the ground is frozen. You can't work in many of these permafrost areas until that phenomenon occurs. So that's one reason why we're seeing the first quarter, second quarter, not -- we don't see the seasonality that we've seen in the past because we're doing more work in Canada and it's more conducive to work it in the winter. So that's not -- we don't expect any execution issues. To answer your first question, I mean, we've done a really nice job, like I said on the first question, executing across all of our segments and those results are being seen at the bottom line.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I guess first question is, I know you've guided your range for the midpoint of your 2014 range is the same, but I would love to get a sense of why you've taken the top end down by a smidgen. Your revenue line is -- guidance is the same so -- and your first quarter performance, first half performance seems to be in line. Any color on that would be helpful.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Tahira, this is Derrick. As it relates to the top end on the EPS side, we've guided throughout the early portion of this year that we'd have some degree of mainline awards as a potential and we had a degree of uncommitted work associated with those mainline awards and it looks as though that -- although that some of those awards are coming about, that most of that production would actually occur in 2015, which is one of the things that we had said relative to our overall guidance, is that, that opportunity existed. So because of that and the work occurring more the -- either the very, very end of '14 or rolling into '15, we've decided we would reduce the top end of the EPS range. Having said that, the overall growth of the company in most everything else is still continuing to grow. It's just that the contribution at the mainline will be pushed off a little bit. So that's why revenues you see still yet within that higher portion of the range.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. That makes a lot of sense. I guess, the second question I had was on the electric T&D side, we've seen some incrementally positive regulatory decisions in a sense. The ROE case that people are worried about, if anything, has been slightly more positive than the utilities anticipated, and really the commentary coming out of earnings even from, say, some large utilities is they're raising the CapEx on the transmission side. So could you talk about some of the large projects. I know Canada has been humming along. But are you seeing any more movement now that, that is settled in a sense on some of the large projects in the U.S.?
James F. O'Neil: Tahira, I don't want to point out any specific project. I'll just tell you that almost all of our key customers are -- really, most of the utilities in the United States are increasing their CapEx going forward. Regulation's a big driver of that spend. That's one reason why I highlighted the physical security of assets needing to be strengthened because that's just another opportunity for us to generate revenues from opportunities. We continue to see positive trends in the electric segment and it bodes well for the future performance.
Operator: And we'll move on to Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted -- Derrick, to circle back on your comment about some of these projects getting pushed, pipeline projects getting pushed from late '14 into '15, I think there's been a lot of chatter in the market about some of these projects getting a little bit pushed to the right. And I'm curious if you guys have any thoughts on why that's happening. Is it just the fact that these are complex projects or if maybe there are some constraints at FERC in terms of getting some of these approvals through? I'd just be curious to hear your thoughts on that.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, Noelle, this is Jim. I'll take that. We're just saying, it's not anything that I would be concerned about. I mean, we still see a very active mainline environment. It really gets into the dynamic of the end of the year, which is more of a cutoff issue for us. And we are seeing some projects push. I mean, when does it -- some projects are starting later in the year than we thought. When does it freeze in Canada? When can you get started? Does the project start more in the fourth quarter or in the first? So it's that type of dynamic. We did have -- there are some projects -- there is at least 1 project that pushed from this calendar year till next from a winter-build standpoint. But I wouldn't say it's anything that we didn't expect that could happen. And it's nothing that really alarms us from a standpoint of the overall market opportunity we see in mainline in the next couple of years.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my second question, given that you're working on negotiating these longer-term agreements in pipeline, could you just give us a sense of what maybe one of those relationships would look like? Would you be doing all of the work for this customer you'd have the relationship with? And then if you could give us just some thoughts on if you're having some success in maybe sharing some of the weather risks on these projects more equitably.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think you have to. I mean, when you look at multi-year agreements, you really don't know what specific project you're going to be building 3 years out. And the project could be, it could be built in the wintertime or in the summertime so there has to be some shared risk, because you'd -- on any -- and historically, you're bidding on a given project that's starting. The scope of that project is well defined. The time of year you're building it is well defined. The geographic area you're building it is well defined. In these 5-year relationships, it's really -- 3-, 4-, 5-year relationships, it's more of a commitment to meet that customer's needs going forward. So you have to have a more shared-risk approach because you don't know all of those key dynamics that allow you to bid a project and take more risk. And to your question about is the customer going to deal with just 1 contractor or several. I would say that it's all of the above. You could have a customer go with 1 contractor. You have some customers that have such large capital programs over the next several years that they're probably going to have to go with 2 or more.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I think I missed this, but just, can you talk a little bit more about the electric margin in Q2 and how that's expected to trend in the back half of the year?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. As it relates to the second quarter, the margin came in about 9%. We had anticipated that the margin would be impacted during the quarter, predominantly associated with the breakup effects, late winter breakup effects that we had talked about in the first quarter. That's the predominant effect of that. It came in probably, I'll say [ph] maybe a little bit lower than we expected because not only the impact of the breakup, but then we also had various wet weather associated with the spring weather in the Midwest and various other factors. We had some startup costs associated with some new MSA work. We had a little bit of transition from some of the transmission work such that we had some slight negatives associated with some job closeouts. So a couple of different things happened but, by far, the predominant impact was associated with breakup. As it relates to the rest of the year, we continue to see the margins in electric power to be in the 10% to 12% range, and I would anticipate that the third and fourth quarter are going to have margins from what we would see today comparable to what you've seen in previous periods.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, I wanted to ask about -- the new full year guidance implies Q4 as a little bit down from Q3 sequentially, EPS. And in most years, Q4 is your strongest quarter. So is there anything specific going on or is that maybe just a little bit of conservatism?
Derrick A. Jensen: No. Actually, I would say that -- although recently, the fourth quarter has had some strong quarters, I mean, generally speaking, the fourth quarter for us has a tendency to trend down. I mean, the third quarter historically is always the highest quarter and then the fourth quarter has a tendency to trend down, both in revenue and in EPS, predominantly associated with weather-type effects. As we stand here today, I think the fourth quarter revenues can -- will trend down a little bit. They may end up being a little bit equal, but I think the margins themselves will continue to trend down like historically, based upon the seasonal impacts.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Jerimiah on the line for Vishal. I just wanted to touch on the breakdown between Canada, the U.S. and Australia, and any kind of color you can give there in terms of how that may be shifting or if there's any shift for you in your backlog specifically?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. We continue to see Canada be a growing component of our business. And historical, those numbers were probably in the 10% range. But as we continue to see our current outlook, I think you're going to see Canada get up into the 15% and 20% range of our business. I think that the backlog is probably somewhat comparable, what you see backlogged in Canada being somewhat comparable to that percentage. Australia right now is probably still a relatively small percentage. It's under 5%, but as Jim said, the aspects of growth there are pretty solid. So with the acquisitions and the dynamics of that market, I think they will continue to grow. But as of now, I don't think I'd say that I anticipate it getting above anywhere a 5% range for at least the near term.
Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then obviously, on these large contracts you get some lumpiness and we saw that in this quarter. But you touched a little earlier on the potential to get back to record backlog levels. Is that -- given the project push-outs, is that something we would see in the back half of this year or early next year? Any color on that?
James F. O'Neil: I would just say that the overall trend is that we have the opportunity to be at record levels backlog again. I'm not going to say it's going to be next quarter or the quarter after. It's just difficult for us to predict that because of the timing and nature of awards. We -- the important thing is we're having discussions with customers. We are in their offices. We work for most of the investor-run utilities and Canadian utilities. We know what's in their capital programs going forward. And that leads us to believe that there is certainly opportunity to build backlog from here. But the timing of whether that happens next quarter or this year, into next year, it's just difficult to predict that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Couple of quick follow-up questions. I want to hone a little bit more on the second quarter and on the oil and gas business. I think, Derrick, in your comments, you mentioned maybe a little bit of a boost on closeouts. Could you maybe give us a little bit more granularity there? And then secondarily, can you maybe help us bridge from the second quarter, which had, I think, your best margins we've seen in a long time, to maybe a second half you when I think you'll have probably better utilization on mainline?
Derrick A. Jensen: Dan, I think when you said boost, I'm not sure if you're talking about oil and gas or electric power. Electric power we had a degree of negativity from some changes. But on...
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: No, oil and gas.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I think oil and gas is what you're referring to, sets that [ph]. It's not job closeouts. It's just continuing to execute to contingencies on the job. Those jobs actually are still in progress. So there wasn't really any closeout. It's just the execution on the jobs such that we're able to continue to execute through contingencies and therefore, see a higher overall performance on the projects themselves. As it relates to the rest of the year within that segment, we see -- I think probably in the third quarter, we'll be able to be in the 9% to 12% range. And then when you're looking at the fourth quarter overall, we have some degree of seasonality expectations so that the range contemplates something that'd be below the 9% to 12% range, to something that may be still in the 9% to 12% range depending on seasonality.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And then the follow-up there, as it relates to utilization, historically, you'd struggled a little bit on the mainline side. Sounds like that's getting better. Can you maybe give us a little bit more color on where you are in terms of already contracted utilization as you work through the balance of this year versus maybe where you were in the first half or prior periods?
James F. O'Neil: Well, Dan, let me just say that all of our people are fully deployed in the shales right now doing gathering where we're not doing mainlines. So I would say that the utilization of our crews is very high. I think what we're doing is we've done a really good job of strategically positioning ourselves to where the -- when these mainline projects move to construction that we're able to mobilize on them going forward. And obviously, because of the nature of mainline, the contractual arrangements compared to gathering, those jobs will command higher margins. Like Derrick mentioned, if you can execute to those contingencies, those margins will fall to the bottom line and that's where you're going to get the bump in profits.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Will Gabrielski with Stephens.
Will Gabrielski - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit more about Australia as an opportunity and, I guess, your commitment there in the long run? And then specifically across both businesses, I look in the U.S., right, it's like scale, labor and equipment are big advantages. How do you transfer that into Australia?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think it's the same thing. Scale, labor and equipment are a big advantage in Australia, and I think we pride ourselves on being first movers into areas that we believe will have significant infrastructure builds in the coming years. And there are a lot of dynamics in Australia that bode well for us to grow that business. Right now, we're doing coal seam gas in Queensland, which has got a 10-year run on it. That's where a significant part of our revenues come from today. They're privatizing utilities there. They've got an aging water and telecom infrastructure that needs to be rebuilt. The electric grid needs to be upgraded as well. It's similar age and condition as we see here in the States. You've got a large unconventional shale that's yet to be tapped into, the Cooper oil sands. That's really almost like being in the U.S. back in '08. There's a lot of development and activity that will occur there. So the mining business will return. There's electrification of those mines that needs to happen. Pipeline infrastructure needs to be put into place. So we believe this can be a $1 billion business for us over a period of time or we wouldn't be there. And we're building a service model that's very similar to what we have here in the States to execute on those opportunities.
Will Gabrielski - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then there's been some talk over the last few months about new entrants into North American transmission market, not just on the construction side but maybe even some of the bigger E&Cs getting in as owners, engineers or project managers. How do you work with them? Is there anything that's changing? And do you view that as a risk, opportunity or just more of the same?
James F. O'Neil: No, that doesn't change anything from our perspective. We're the largest contractor that has the specialized workforce to do the work on transmission and distribution in North America. And certainly, it doesn't really matter to us who's doing the engineering on those programs.
Operator: And we'll move on to Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I was wondering, Derrick, if you could give us -- maybe you stated this or not -- but the amount of acquired backlog in the quarter, and maybe by segment, if you have it.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, during the quarter itself, we really didn't make any significant acquisition. So there was nothing there per se. But the CPP acquisition, which happened post-the quarter end, the backlog associated with it was roughly about -- probably about $50 million. But that was acquired post-June 30.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. Helpful. And then just on the cash flow here, Derrick, can you give us some help as to what you think the back end of the year might look like now that we're kind of progressing into that time period. Clearly, you've been making some investments and cash flow has been okay, but probably could maybe be a little bit better. Just wondering your thoughts on what you see in the next couple of quarters.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean it's -- we don't project our cash flows publicly. They are quite volatile. Usually it's associated with the seasonality of the business and oftentimes what happens there in the fourth quarter. I do believe that we have the capabilities of having good cash flow still yet based upon the way things flow, more specifically, to the extent that we have revenues decline in the fourth quarter off the third quarter if that seasonal effect happens. That generally creates a pretty strong fourth quarter cash flow. So it's difficult for me to say -- call out anything specific, but I do think that we'll still be able to be positive free cash flow for the year.
Operator: And we'll move on to William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Okay, a lot of good color on -- especially on mainline as well as some of the shale work. Can we touch base on downstream, what the current market there is and what you're seeing? And then my follow-up question is just an update on your offshore activities.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, Bill, the downstream market is actually as active as the midstream and upstream and we actually are greenfield-ing opportunities in some of the Houston ship channel and some of the refineries and petrochemical plants. So we probably have. It's not material today, but we're certainly building that business, and they've got the same issues as the rest of the services that we provide, whether it's resource limitations. We actually have a company that does EPC substations in the downstream sector. We're also building our electrical service offerings to that sector. Offshore, the demand for our offshore services continues to increase. There's additional CapEx being deployed into deepwater. The shelf really hasn't slowed down the Gulf of Mexico. We fabricate and install production systems on offshore platforms. There's some mechanical hook-up work that we're doing, there's some redundant pipeline systems that are being built offshore, off the Eastern Seaboard. We're involved in 1 project which we, I believe, talked about in the past. So it's Williams -- we're working with Williams to do some work for National Grid off of New York State. So it's a very active environment right now. And we're real pleased with the progress we've made there and continue to see opportunities to grow that business.
Operator: And we will move on to Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Benjamin Xiao: This is actually Ben Xiao on for Jamie. You guys previously mentioned that C3 study, which predicts near-double-digit transmission growth through, I think, 2020. And you guys have previously expressed confidence about growing transmission double digits for at least 2 years. So are you guys becoming more confident that you can grow at double digits maybe beyond that?
James F. O'Neil: We haven't given guidance beyond our commentary that we see double-digit growth in 2015. Certainly, we'll plan to roll our commentary forward when we get comfortable to do so. There's a lot of puts and -- pushes and pulls, obviously, with permitting and siting. Our customer capital programs indicate that there will be that opportunity there with the spending that we expect over the next 5 years. But as far as us translating that into how that will affect us over any calendar year, we're not at that point yet to discuss that.
Benjamin Xiao: Okay. And then just a quick second one. Can you talk more about pricing in oil and gas and electric power relative to maybe 3 to 6 months ago? Has there been any improvement or is it still relatively stable?
James F. O'Neil: The pricing environment continues to be strong, and margins and backlog are comparable to what we're executing on today.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Craig Irwin with Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Jim, I wanted to ask you a big-picture question. So ahead of the huge upswing in activity that you've seen over the last several years in the electric T&D market, you guys were talking about it for a while, maybe for 1.5 years, maybe 2 years, you had excellent visibility from your customers that they were going to be doing projects. And that materialized. Can you maybe compare and contrast with the oil and gas and pipeline cycle that you're facing down now, how you see your visibility versus maybe where you stood in front of the electric T&D cycle? What gives you confidence these customers are moving forward with their projects and how you see this potentially as -- if you could shape it out versus the T&D cycle and how that materialized for us?
James F. O'Neil: Craig, that's an excellent point. And because of the discussions that we are having with customers, it feels very much the same as the late part of 2010 when we were about to impart on this construction, this transmission construction up cycle that we've seen over the last 3 years. And it's a very similar feeling with what we're seeing on mainline. And it's not just Quanta, it's the industry in general. It's all of the contractors and all of the customers. Because of these detailed discussions we've been having with them over the last year, because we all know there's a significant amount of work to be done and there's a limited amount of resources, and it's a very, very -- it's the same. It's the same. It's déjà vu over again, but with the oil and gas sector, not the electric power transmission business.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: My second question is about the segment operating margins in the oil and gas segment. As you start to have a greater mix of construction over a longer portion of the year, in the winter and early spring, can you talk about what this could potentially mean for margins within that segment and whether or not the potential larger lines agreements that you're looking at would also have implications for operating margins in that segment as we model it out for the future?
Derrick A. Jensen: Craig, this is Derrick. Yes, as we've talked, the contribution of additional mainline work continues to give us confidence that on an annual basis, you'd be able to see margins in the 9% to 12% range. From the seasonal impact of that, it's a little difficult to say yet. We haven't gotten into looking at the quarter guidance of '15 to see as to whether we'd be in a spot where the -- that 9% to 12% would carry into, as an example, the first quarter, which is our seasonally lowest quarter. I would say that I still believe, as we stand here today, that the seasonality effects will generally still be such that the first quarter will be our lowest margins of a given period. But as to how that's going to translate directly into 2015, that's hard to say. From this year, I think that you'll see the third quarter continuing to be able to have the opportunity to be in the 9% to 12% range for that segment and then the fourth quarter seasonality, putting a degree of pressure on that. But long-term, we feel confident that all of the projects that Jim has talked as opportunities for us would continue to get us into an annual 9% to 12% operating performance.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Lee with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Daniels - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Tom Daniels on for Brian. Maybe a quick question on the fiber optic business if I could. Very strong operating margin in that business. Revenue was down a tick year-over-year, but margins were very strong. Could you guys comment on that a little bit?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure, I mean, the revenues are down because of the ancillary telecom business. We combined telecom revenues that are not associated with the fiber business together with our legacy fiber business. As it relates to the overall segment itself, we still see growth opportunities probably in the mid-single digit range. Predominantly in the long-term double-digit growth opportunities driven from our moving into the lit fiber market. From a margin perspective, I'd still say that we see margins in the 30% to 35% range. There's a little bit of fluctuation that occurs in that associated, as we've called out today, on the maintenance cost of the network. But I continue to expect margins likely in the 30% to 35% range as it states for now. In the near term, has the risk of it being a little bit lower because of the lit fiber dynamics as we start to roll that out, but in the long term, I still think that we'll feel comfortable that it'd be in the upper end of that range.
Thomas Daniels - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood, thanks. And then one question regarding your prepared remarks on the supply-demand dynamics in mainline and, potentially, demand outstripping supply. How do we think around the timeline of that? I know there's a lot of reversal work I think we're predicting over the next, kind of call it, 2 years in the U.S. but I imagine the dynamic is different in Canada. How do you think about supply-demand in Canada versus the U.S., and maybe which year do you expect the potential for demand to actually outstrip supply in each region?
James F. O'Neil: I think it just depends upon on how these projects lay out. So it could happen in '15 if things get -- projects lay out perfectly for the customers, perhaps you don't get that dynamic. But it could happen in '15, it could happen in '16. I'll just say there's a significant amount of work to our customers are concerned about it. The capacity in Canada is less than what -- significantly less than what the U.S. has, and certainly that's going to be a pinch point as well. So it's a multi-year phenomenon that can occur. It can be seasonal as well but certainly the contractors' ability to support customers is going to be challenged as customers move forward with their programs here over the next 2 years.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank all of you for participating in our second quarter 2014 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you and this concludes our call for today.
Operator: Thank you so much. And that concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Will Gabrielski - Stephens Inc., Research Division Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Brian K. Lee - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call on the 1st of May. [Operator Instructions] I would now hand over the conference to Kip Rupp. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thanks, Rodney, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review first quarter results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta's news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. In addition, Quanta has an Investor Relations app for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices, which is available for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. The Quanta Investor Relations app allows users to navigate the company's investor relations materials, including the latest press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audiocasts, conference calls and stock price information. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 1, 2014. And therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thank you, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our first quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Revenues increased approximately 11% in the first quarter as compared to last year's first quarter, which reflect solid demand for our services, safe project execution and Quanta's leadership position in the energy infrastructure marketplace. Our operations performed well in what is typically our most seasonally challenged quarter. Excluding the effects of the unusual charge taken in the first quarter, profitability grew and margins expanded as compared to the same quarter last year. Total backlog increased to a record $9 billion at quarter end, up nearly 29% year-over-year. Our employee count at the end of the first quarter increased 9.4% from year-end 2013 to a record 22,846. Man hours in the first quarter increased 16.1% over the same period last year. For the second quarter, we anticipate a late breakup or seasonal thaw in Canada and in northern parts of the United States. The extreme cold temperatures and the duration of the frigid weather in the first quarter in the northern climes has created [indiscernible], in some areas, up to 8 feet. We currently have significant electric transmission and pipeline work underway in these affected areas and anticipate some negative impact to production as the breakup occurs. As we have stated previously, quarter-over-quarter dynamics, including the timing of project awards and starts as well as weather, can create variances in the short term. However, I want to communicate that we remain comfortable with our full year 2014 guidance, adjusting for the unusual charge recorded in the first quarter of this year. Derrick will provide more detail about our second quarter and full year guidance in his commentary. As it relates to our full year expectations, we have strong visibility into significant work that could drive backlog to new record levels throughout the year. We anticipate large project awards for both our Electric Power and Oil and Gas Infrastructure segments in the coming months, some of which, we believe, will begin construction this year. We continue to see the size, scope and complexity of projects increase at unprecedented levels. Quanta anticipates this changing market -- anticipated this change in market dynamics and positioned the company throughout the last several years to capitalize on these strengths. We focused on developing our people, project management capabilities, equipment and technology advancements and also expanded the breadth of our services, all while remaining -- maintaining a strong balance sheet. Our customers seek reliable end-to-end solutions and clearly see the value proposition that Quanta delivers, which we believe is unmatched in the industry. As a result, we estimate that our win rate on customer infrastructure programs that involve large, complex and/or multiyear solutions is increasing. In this environment, we believe Quanta is the contractor of choice. For example, FirstEnergy, which is one of the nation's largest utilities, selected Quanta as its preferred supplier of transmission and substation construction services for its $4.2 billion 4-year Energizing the Future capital program. This program is designed to support system reliability as coal-fired power plants are retired; increase FirstEnergy's low-serving capability in areas where future economic growth is anticipated, particularly in Ohio's shale gas regions; improve reliability of service; create more flexibility to restore service following storms; reduce line losses; and lower overall transmission maintenance cost. This is a large, complex multi-year program, where Quanta can provide a solution to safely complete First Energy's program on time and on budget. Turning to electric distribution. Due to spending reductions during the last recession and the significant allocation of capital to transmission, utility distribution investment has been inadequate. Major weather events over the past few years have highlighted system integrity and reliability challenges. As a result, we are seeing significant reinvestment in distribution assets across North America. The utilities are implementing system-hardening initiatives to better resist severe storm events, and utility regulators are increasingly showing a willingness to allow favorable rate treatment for those distribution upgrades. In addition, utilities are enhancing distribution networks as distributed generation, demand response and other technologies are deployed. New-home construction strength in some markets is driving distribution activity as well. We continue to add distribution crews to our customers' distribution systems because of these dynamics. Over the past year, Quanta has experienced a strong double-digit increase in distribution MSA backlog. We see opportunity for double-digit distribution revenue growth for the next several years as a result. We continue to believe the market for our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services remain dynamic for at least the next couple of years. The unconventional shale plays in the Canadian oil sands are reshaping the North American energy market and could require hundreds of billions of dollars in spending over the next several decades on new infrastructure required to gather and move hydrocarbons to markets throughout North America. ICF International, a consulting and professional services firm with expertise in energy infrastructure, recently updated their 2011 report regarding expected North American midstream infrastructure investment. From a high level, the updated report predicts greater levels of North American hydrocarbon production than their 2000 report -- 2011 report, and greater levels of midstream infrastructure investment to meet supply needs. And looking at the 2014 versus the 2011 report, on a comparable basis, North American midstream investment is now expected to total over $311 billion, and average annual North American midstream investment is anticipated to be $14.1 billion per year from 2014 through 2035, which is a 34% increase versus the 2011 study. Similar to Electric Power, we believe Quanta is uniquely positioned to capitalize on these oil and gas infrastructure opportunities. As a leading pipeline construction company with extensive engineering, program management, manpower and equipment capabilities, we have the scope and scale across North America. Coupled with our reputation, track record and customer relationships, we are well positioned to be an important participant during this historic time in the North American oil and gas markets. Now let's transition to our Fiber Optic Licensing segment. Our lit service rollout is underway in northeast markets, and we are meeting deployment objectives. We recently completed the deployment of our mesh network, which enables us to provide additional lit services and reach more customers in our target markets. As previously discussed, 2014 is a transition year for this segment as we deploy our lit services offering. Our lit services expansion has been well received by both existing and potential customers. We expect robust growth in lit service revenues over the coming years across the enterprise verticals. However, our dark fiber services remains this segment's largest revenue contributor. Demand for our dark fiber services remains strong in the K-12 and carrier markets. We will continue to expand our dark fiber network over time, which will -- which we believe will fuel demand for our lit services. In summary, while unusual items impacted first quarter results, end-market drivers remain firmly in place. Demand for our specialty infrastructure services is strong. We have visibility into significant new project awards this year that could drive higher levels of backlog, and our multi-year outlook remains positive. We are expanding and developing our employee base and broadening our service offerings to meet our customers' growing needs, and we are executing on strategies that differentiate Quanta and position the company for both the near- and long-term growth. We continue to believe that we are in unprecedented times, not only in Quanta's history, but in the history of the electric power and oil and gas industries. As a result, we continue to see the opportunity for double-digit growth over at least the next 2 years. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his financial review of the first quarter. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.76 billion for the first quarter of 2014 compared to $1.59 billion in the prior year's first quarter, reflecting an increase of 11% in quarter-over-quarter revenue. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $54.4 million or $0.25 per diluted share as compared to $72.1 million or $0.34 per diluted share in the first quarter of last year. Included in net income attributable to common stock for the first quarter of 2014 is an aggregate $38.8 million, or $25.8 million net of tax, incremental selling, general and administrative expense associated with an adverse arbitration decision regarding a contract dispute with National Gas Company of Trinidad and Tobago on a directional drilling project that occurred in 2010. The net impact of this decision on our first quarter 2014 results was a $0.12 reduction in diluted earnings per share. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes this and certain other items, as calculated in today's press release, was $0.44 for the first quarter of 2014 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.38 for the first quarter of 2013. The increase in consolidated revenues in the first quarter of 2014 was primarily due to an 8% increase in revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment and a 24% increase in revenues from our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment. Our consolidated gross margin was 15.4% in the first quarter of 2014 as compared to 15% in the first quarter of 2013. This increase in gross margin was primarily a result of improved performance in the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment, as well as higher revenues earned from both the Electric Power and Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segments during the current period, which improved these segments' ability to cover fixed operating costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses, as presented in this quarter's press release, were $134.5 million in the first quarter of 2014, reflecting an increase of $20.8 million as compared to last year's first quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $13.6 million in incremental general and administrative costs and $3.9 million in higher acquisition and integration costs, all associated with companies acquired since the first quarter of 2013. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 7.6% in the first quarter of 2014 from 7.2% in the first quarter of 2013, primarily due to the impact of the higher acquisition and integration costs. Our consolidated operating margin, before amortization expense, of 5.6% for 1Q '14, was impacted by 220 basis points due to the arbitration expense, but was otherwise comparable to the 7.9% margin in 1Q '13. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $5.3 million in 1Q '13 to $8.2 million in the first quarter of 2014 due to amortization of additional intangible assets associated with acquisitions that have closed since the first quarter of last year. To further discuss our segment results, the Electric Power segment's revenues were $1.28 billion, reflecting an increase of $97.2 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 8%. Revenues were positively impacted by approximately $69 million in revenues generated by acquired companies and from increased capital spending by our customers, partially offset by a lower quarter-over-quarter conversion rate of the Canadian results of operations. As Jim mentioned, the first quarter was impacted by frigid weather throughout much of North America. This compares to the first quarter of last year, which had mild weather and favorable working conditions that better accommodated production and allowed for certain work to be accelerated out of last year's second quarter into the first. Despite the weather effects of this year's first quarter, we continued to execute and operating margin in the Electric Power segment increased to 11.3% in the first quarter of 2014 as compared to 11.2% in last year's first quarter. 12-month and total backlog increased both quarter-over-quarter and sequentially for the Electric Power segment. Sequentially, 12-month backlog increased slightly from the end of the fourth quarter of 2013. However, total backlog increased 3.7% to a record $6.19 billion. Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by 24% to $445.9 million in 1Q '14, as a result of revenue contributions of approximately $118.9 million from companies acquired since the first quarter of 2013. This favorable impact was partially offset by lower revenues related to midstream projects during the first quarter of 2014 as compared to first quarter of 2013 due to project timing, as well as the same weather dynamics discussed relative to the Electric Power segment. Operating income for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment, as a percentage of revenues, decreased to negative 4.7% in 1Q '14 from 2.9% in 1Q '13. This decrease was due to the arbitration expense mentioned previously, which impacted the segment by 870 basis points. Partially offsetting this expense were higher margins due to the contribution of greater mainline pipe revenues during the quarter, which typically offer higher margin opportunities. Also impacting the first quarter was additional expense resulting from an increase in our estimated withdrawal liability associated with the Central States Pension Plan based on certain withdrawal scenarios that increased our estimated range of probable liability. Although we continue to believe that we effected a complete withdrawal in 2012 and will seek to challenge and further negotiate the amount owed in connection with this matter, based upon available information, we recorded an adjustment to cost of services during the 3 months ended March 31, 2014 to increase the recognized withdrawal liability to amount within the revised range of estimated probability. The negative impact to operating income within the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment associated with the increase in the Central States withdrawal liability was offset this quarter by the favorable settlement of certain contract change orders during the period. Total backlog for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment at the end of the first quarter of 2014 is up 2.8% as compared to 4Q '13. Contributing to the increase in backlog is approximately $200 million from acquisitions closed during the quarter. Offsetting this increase is the burn on current projects, which were not replaced with new project awards during the quarter. However, as Jim mentioned in his prepared remarks, we see the potential for significant project award announcements later in the year. Our Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment revenues were down $7.2 million or 16% to $38.5 million in 1Q '14 as compared to $45.8 million in 1Q '13, due to lower levels of ancillary telecommunication service revenues, as certain larger projects completed in the prior year did not recur to the same extent in 2014. Operating margin was 31.4% in 1Q '14 as compared to 36.9% in 1Q '13, as a result of the telecom work performed in 2014 having a lower margin profile than last year, as well as a slightly higher network maintenance cost during the current period on our dark fiber network and start-up costs associated with our new lit service offerings. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $4.4 million in the first quarter of 2014 as compared to 1Q '13, primarily as a result of $3.9 million in higher acquisition and integration costs, $2.7 million in higher consulting and other business development fees, and a $2.9 million increase in amortization expense related to 2014 and 2013 acquisitions. These increases were partially offset by lower incentive compensation quarter-over-quarter associated with current levels of operating activity and profitability. EBITA for the first quarter of 2014 was $95.1 million or 5.4% of revenues compared to $119.3 million or 7.5% of revenues for the first quarter of 2013. Adjusted EBITDA was $185.6 million or 10.5% of revenues for the first quarter of 2014 compared to $159.8 million or 10.1% of revenues for the first quarter of 2013. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and days sales outstanding, or DSOs, can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. For the first quarter of 2014, cash flow used in operations was approximately $61 million and net capital expenditures were approximately $69 million, resulting in approximately $130 million of negative free cash flow as compared to negative free cash flow of approximately $12 million for the first quarter of 2013. The decline in free cash flow was primarily driven by higher working capital requirements during the first quarter, as ramp-up occurred on specific electric power transmission projects, and weather-related delays in parts of North America and the timing of project closeouts affected achievement of certain billing milestones. These increased working capital needs also negatively impacted our DSOs, which were 80 days at March 31, 2014 compared to 72 days at December 31, 2013 and 77 days at March 31, 2013, adjusted for the reclass of the Sunrise change order. Other impacts -- other items that impacted investment [ph] cash flows during the first quarter of 2014 include the closing of 5 acquisitions for aggregate consideration of $116.5 million, including the use of approximately $79.9 million in cash. As it relates to the arbitration expense recorded in the first quarter, we currently anticipate the second quarter cash settlement of this obligation, net of tax benefits, to be approximately $15.4 million. At March 31, 2014, we had about $213 million in letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program, and we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $273 million in cash, with approximately $134 million in U.S. funds and $139 million relating to our foreign operations. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we have nearly $1.38 billion in total liquidity as of March 31, 2014. Concerning our outlook for 2014, we expect revenues for the second quarter of 2014 to range between $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion, and diluted earnings per share to be $0.35 to $0.37 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.47 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.33 in the second quarter of 2013. Our GAAP EPS forecast for the second quarter of 2014 includes an estimate of $8.3 million for noncash, stock-based compensation expense and $8.4 million for amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2014 is expected to be $0.40 to $0.42 and compares to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.38 in the second quarter of 2013. As Jim briefly mentioned in his commentary, we currently anticipate the weather aspects of the first quarter to carry over and impact our performance in the second quarter, primarily in Canada and the northern regions of the U.S., as we deal with breakup and very wet conditions as these areas thaw. In addition, the timing of projects, including the transition of resources, can impact margins. We have factored these effects into our overall guidance for the second quarter, but have not narrowed our overall diluted earnings per share range for the year, as we continue to believe that the latter half of the year offers the opportunity for strong performance. We continue to expect revenues for the full year 2014 to range between $7.4 billion and $7.8 billion. We expect diluted earnings per share to be between $1.53 and $1.73 on a GAAP basis, giving effect to the $0.12 per share impact of the previously mentioned arbitration decision on our annual estimates. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2014 includes an estimate of $35.5 million for noncash, stock-based compensation expense and $33.3 million of amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, the arbitration expense and others, comparable to our historical calculations, our expectations for non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year of 2014 remain between $1.85 and $2.05. This compares to $1.71 in 2013. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in our release. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to non-controlling interests to be approximately $3 million to $4 million in the second quarter of 2014 and $13 million to $14 million for the year. For additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be 34.5% to 35.5% for 2014 and our diluted share count to be about 219.8 million shares. We expect CapEx for all of 2014 to be approximately $300 million to $325 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing and Other segment of about $50 million to $60 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2013 of $264 million. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with a focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital and capital expenditure growth, and an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions, investments and repurchases of stock. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Noelle Dilts of Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I first want to -- just to go back to these potential large contract awards that you talked about potentially coming through in the next few months. First, in terms of mix, are you seeing more of that on the pipeline side or the transition side? And can you talk about if you're seeing more of the opportunities in Canada or the U.S.? And then, in conjunction with that, last quarter, you talked about needing to pick up some additional work to hit your pipeline targets. Does what you're looking at here get you comfortably there?
James F. O'Neil: Noelle, this is Jim. I think it's a good mix of both, both segments. So it's probably 60-40, 50-50. It depends upon how it plays out, but it -- but we expect large opportunities in both our Electric Power and Oil and Gas segments and also believe, geographically, it will come from 60-40, 50-50 U.S. and Canada. So it's a good diversity of geographic and across both of our segments.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then, just given the strong pipeline outlook that you relayed in your comments, can you talk about if you're starting to see some improvement in terms, conditions, pricing? Are you seeing a shift toward more negotiated work?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, there's a mix. But certainly, we are having more advanced discussions with customers that take us away from our traditional bid-and-buy mentality and moving more towards negotiated-type, multi-year programs that we talked about in my remarks, more complex, larger, multi-year programs where there's more shared risk. So, yes, the contract terms would be improving in those situations.
Operator: The next question comes from Tahira Afzal of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question is just to follow up on the earlier question on the large awards. You mentioned in your press release you do expect some notable additions to backlog over the next couple of months and that's a fairly strong statement given you folks are pretty conservative. So any color you can provide on what gives you the confidence on the visibility there would be helpful.
James F. O'Neil: Well, Tahira, I just -- we're in various stages of negotiation, which gives us the comfort that we can make those types of comments in our press release and in the script. So they are advanced discussions, many of them in the contract stage. And we're having discussions with these customers exclusively. So that brings us the confidence that these programs will turn into backlog sometime in the near future.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And second question is in regards to the second quarter guidance. As you look back to when you set guidance, did you kind of expect the weather issue and the sequential decline from first to second quarter to be of the extent, potentially, that we are seeing? And then, if you could give us any color, if possible, on the acquisition, how much they have potentially contributed to backlog for the quarter and in terms of whether you think they're notably accretive for the full year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Tahira, this is Derrick. Relative to the second quarter, I think, if you recall from our previous conference call, in the year-end discussion, we had talked about the fact that we had to see how the weather effects would come out and looked at how those things would impact our overall production for the first half of the year when considering what we would be looking at for our margin profile overall, as well as our view towards the second half of the year. So, yes, there was definitely a degree of that factored into our original guidance as to what would happen here in the second quarter. The breakup went a little bit longer, so there's a degree of probably a little bit lower view into that second quarter than maybe we had at year end. But we still think that, as we look at the rest of the year, we'll be able to make that up in the strong performance for the third and the fourth. As it relates to the acquisitions, the acquisitions were slightly accretive to the first quarter. However, they were baked into our original first quarter guidance so there's really no difference. They were contemplated in our forecast. And overall to the year, all acquisitions, we look for them to be some level of accretive, and we do believe those acquisitions are contributing to the year at some degree.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Mannes of Avondale.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: So not to belabor the point, but I just want to make sure we're really clear here. Given the guidance for the year, given a solid first quarter and maybe a slightly softer-than-expected second quarter, when you look at the bidding environment and the number of things you're talking about in terms of potential large wins, how much is that needed in order to meet guidance versus how much would give you potential upside as you look in the back of the year, especially in the context of a pretty strong track record the last couple of years of coming in ahead of initial guidance?
Derrick A. Jensen: Dan, this is Derrick. Relative to the high end of our range, I mean, there's a degree of uncommitted that is in the high end of our range, kind of, specifically on mainline pipe. But there's always uncommitted across the whole spectrum. So there's additional awards that we'd look at that will be needed for us to get to the high end of the range. As to speak to how much is that and/or how much more could happen and whether that would allow us to exceed, there are a lot of dynamics associated with those awards. We need to look at getting them and then getting them in place and seeing at what point in time we can get to an execution stage in 2014 before we could really comment as to whether it causes us to increase our guidance or not.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then, just to -- just so I can clarify, as it relates to M&A, it sounded like most of the M&A impact from the first quarter was on the -- was on the oil and gas side. I guess, I was trying to understand -- I thought the number of acquisitions in the first quarter were going to be more electric. Was that already baked in the guidance, or is that -- has that helped fill in some of that uncommitted as well?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, all of our acquisitions in the first quarter were baked into our year-end guidance from our last conference call. The difference, as it relates to the impact, is that a big portion of the electric power acquisitions were subcontract work. And so therefore, there's a much less impact on the backlog component. So that's why you see a larger impact on backlog on the pipeline side.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook of Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Just to clarify on the weather, I know it was an issue in the first quarter to roll into the second quarter. Can you give us some degree on the EPS impact or the operating income impact just so I can get a sense for how much you have to make up for the weather issues? And then, I guess, my second question is margins on the oil and gas side. The first quarter was a little weaker than I would have thought, but it sounds like, given the order activity, that you should improve throughout the year. So how are you thinking about that? And then, my last question, should we assume better terms or pricing on these contracts that you're bidding on, in particular because you're saying you're bidding on these exclusively?
Derrick A. Jensen: Jamie, this is Derrick. Relative to the first quarter, coming from a weather perspective, what I'd say is we came in at the -- near the top end of our -- or at the top end of our revenue range. But we kind of came in at the midpoint of our EPS range. So I think that kind of gives you a little bit of color. The reality is the first quarter itself, we were able to actually keep some degree of execution because of the fact that it was cold and stayed frozen. And so, we were able to get a degree of execution in the quarter. Your second question was?
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: My second question was just on the oil and gas side. The margins in the first quarter were a little weaker than I would have thought. But do you think you should get some improvement on -- particularly with orders -- order trends that you [indiscernible] how should we think about that? And then, the last was the terms and conditions on the projects that you're bidding exclusively. I would assume that they would be accretive to margins or mix.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. On the margins itself, seasonality within the pipeline group is going to remain. And so, we would always expect the first quarter seasonality impacts to be such that margins within that segment will still be -- we would anticipate the lowest margins for the period. We improved our margins this quarter versus last quarter. I mean, if you adjust for the charge, I think you'll see something in the order of magnitude of kind of a 4% margin within the segment, which is greater than the 2.8% we made last year. So we did see improvement. We expected to see some degree of improvement. As we look to the rest of the year, I think we can continue to see improvement similar to what you saw last year, with each of the following quarters having a degree of upward movement. And I would anticipate that that's the type of seasonality you'll see on a go-forward basis.
James F. O'Neil: And, Jamie, on your third question, I would say, yes, overall, you will see better contract terms than we have historically had on these larger, more complex, multi-year programs that are going to come out here in the coming months.
Operator: The next question comes from Will Gabrielski of Stephens.
Will Gabrielski - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So I guess -- I mean, I know there's a lot of noise in Q1, but the electric margin was up a little bit year-over-year. And for a Q1 that definitely had a lot of weather across the Lower 48 and Canada, seems pretty solid. And I'm just wondering, was there anything unique to the quarter? Or do you think we still grow off of Q1 just as weather improves? Or is there something new that's impacting Q1 that made that number better than we've seen in past years in Q1s?
Derrick A. Jensen: There was nothing that was particularly unusual to the Electric Power margins in Q1 from the standpoint of an unusual item. I mean, that came in 11.3%, which, as I commented just a second ago, to a certain extent, the long winter and the prolonged freeze helped production in a lot of the northern climates, and it's -- and so, what's happened is that some of that's otherwise pushed to second quarter. As the breakup and thaw occurs, that will impact us on the productivity more in the second.
James F. O'Neil: I would say that in the electric segment, to answer your other question, we continue to see man hours increase in that segment. There's an opportunity certainly with my comments about backlog growth. Certainly, I think that there are clear opportunities for us to grow revenues in this segment from this point.
Will Gabrielski - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, to follow up, Jim, on the FirstEnergy comment you made around an alliance relationship or preferred supplier relationship with FirstEnergy, particularly in Ohio, I guess, are there more of those conversations taking place? Because I remember, I guess, '07, '08, '09, it seemed like you announced a few of those big alliance-type relationships. Are you seeing that more of a norm now? Is this very one-off? Or is there any color you can add around that type of relationship structure going forward?
James F. O'Neil: Well, certainly, we've always had those discussions in the past with customers. But the opportunities are more today than they have been in the past because these programs are becoming so large and complex. And the scope and scale and expertise and your track record is extremely important. So we are seeing more opportunities for FirstEnergy-type relationships than what we have seen in the past, going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Rygiel of FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Quick question. You mentioned that distribution double-digit backlog growth, double-digit revenue outlook for the next couple of years. Can you comment on where the electric distribution margins are relative to reported Electric Power today and sort of what that incremental margin might look like over the next couple of years as revenues grow nicely?
James F. O'Neil: Alex, I think that, as we leverage our fixed costs in that business and as the labor workforce continues to tighten and as we continue to take over more of the service offerings, not just provide maintenance services but more asset management and distribution, which there's clear opportunities to do that for many of our distribution customers, that your margin profile will approach that of what we make in transmission over time. So one of the big misnomers is that when we do more distribution, that our margins will erode because it's not as profitable as transmission. That's just not the case. We think that margins will improve as distribution continues to unfold over the next several years.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And secondly, can you quantify your activity level on mainline pipe in sort of the first half of '14 versus the second half of '14? I don't know exactly how you want to quantify it, but maybe talk about quantity of spreads deployed maybe in the first of the year versus the second half of the year.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've been saying for quite some time that we believe that activity in mainline is going to accelerate in the second half of this year and certainly into '15. And we believe that one of the big opportunities for us to increase revenues will be in that segment and in mainline in the second half of the year. So as far as trying to equate how many spreads we're going to have out or how many jobs or what that looks like from a revenue standpoint, I would say that it is a -- I would just say it's a significant increase in the second half of the year than what we've executed on in the first half of the year, which is typically seasonal for that type of business. I mean, the business typically starts ramping in the second half -- in the second quarter of any given year, and third quarter is where you really get a lot of good production because that's when you have your better weather during any calendar year.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just want to make sure the late breakup issue is not going to be a bigger problem than kind of what you're thinking at the moment. So can you maybe just give a little more color on how many projects are affected, what stages you are on those projects and really how, I guess, you've approached the budgeting for that and how comfortable you are that you've got the cost budgeted accurately?
James F. O'Neil: Well, Steve, in the past, we've said we've taken a prudent approach on guidance and we tried to bake in any impacts to the breakup, so that we don't have any surprises. I mean, we have a significant amount of activity going on in Canada. We're probably on 4 or 5 major projects in various phases. Also, we're very active in the Northeast U.S. So it's -- and projects are in various phases. Some will be completed throughout the year, some are multi-year projects. So -- but I would just say that the message from us is that we've tried to bake in any effects of breakup production issues in the guidance that we provided to you.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And it sounds like you're looking for a pickup in the second half to offset the breakup issues to get to the guidance. So I guess, what are the most important things that still have to happen in the second half? Is it more execution, or is it more new bookings? And if it's new bookings, are you counting on some of the bigger projects, or is it the pace of regional work?
Derrick A. Jensen: Steve, this is Derrick. The reality is, I think, that we typically expect the second half of the year to be a more productive period for us. Our -- from a seasonality perspective, the third quarter tends to be the largest revenue period. We still anticipate that as of today. Typically, the fourth quarter falls off a little, which we still anticipate today. But I think the combination of those things, from a total volume perspective, will well exceed what we see here in the first and second quarter. And as part of that and it's typical that, that leads to our ability to have higher margins, both because of the volume, as well as the fact that those weather dynamics allow us to typically have an expanded margin profile. So I think we'll still be very much within the margin profile that we've talked about. We -- in the last quarter, we talked about Electric Power being able to be in that 10% to 12% margin range, and we still believe that, as well as on the pipeline side, that on the upper end of the range, we'll be able to see margins at -- to get within that 9%. So that, I think, is still very similar to our guidance that we provided previously. So we're comfortable that those -- that profile can still exist in the second half of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Vishal Shah of Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Derrick, can you talk about the free cash flow outlook for the year? I know you had a positive free cash flow for the first quarter. But as you sort of think about some of these projects, big projects, I mean, how should we think about the free cash flow? And also, where do you think any potential opportunity lies on the M&A front? Is it oil and gas, is it Canada? Can you talk about some of the outlook there?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. We typically stay away from providing free cash flow guidance. I can tell you that, I think, it's got the opportunity to be comparable to 2013, but it's highly dependent upon the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter of last year, we had a very strong free cash flow because of the timing of roll-offs, starts and stops of projects, et cetera. But the weather dynamics, the -- any of the individual acquisitions, project starts and stops, a lot of the work that -- opportunities that Jim has spoken about for new awards and the timing of those can impact. So I caveat it heavily, but I think you can see it's possible for it to be comparable with 2013. We -- from an acquisition perspective, we still consider ourselves to be highly acquisitive. We've done a number of acquisitions up to the end of '13 and even in the first part of this year thus far. I think that, overall, for '14, we could see acquisition dynamics, while somewhat comparable to 2013, both from a contribution of revenue and total number of acquisitions and spend as far as cash and stock split, is probably somewhat comparable. As to the -- where they'll fall, we continue to be opportunistic, both on whether they're Electric Power side or the pipeline side. I think that you'll see that they're probably going to be within those 2 segments, for certain. But we're going to approach it opportunistically, and I don't know that I could say where you'll see a greater number of acquisitions between the 2.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Thalhimer of BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: First question. I wanted to ask about the U.S. transmission bidding. It's been a while since we've seen large awards from the public contractors. I'm just curious what the bidding activity is like for larger transmission jobs in the U.S.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we had several awards, I believe, in the second half of last year. So we've had a quarter here where we have had not much activity, but that's not unusual. We do think that there are -- from a dollar standpoint, there's many opportunities out there in the -- that could be announced in the next year that we've never seen before in history. So it's still a very active transmission market in both the U.S. and in Canada. And certainly, we see opportunities for growth in the Electric segment, which is being driven by primarily transmission.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Great. And then I wanted to ask about the programs. Like, with FirstEnergy, you said that was $4.2 billion over 4 years. What percentage of that could turn into revenue for Quanta? I mean, is it in the, maybe, 50% range?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. Rule of thumb -- I mean, you've got engineering materials in that number. It's probably less than that. It's probably in the 35% to 40% range, but it could be as much as 50%, depending upon the customer and how much the material and engineering dynamic is.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Irwin of Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Jim, I was hoping you could update us on the number of large electric transmission projects you're executing right now and how these are likely to transition this year, the number completing, the number starting up by the end of the year.
James F. O'Neil: Individual transmission projects, at average, over $100 million in size. We have been consistently running between 16 to 18 projects. We were on the same number of projects in the second quarter of last year as we'll be on the second quarter of this year. And we don't anticipate that number moving in the near term. We think it will hold at that level.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: My second question was about some of the combined cycle opportunities. Obviously, it's a new market for you and pretty attractive long-term market. Can you maybe discuss with us how things are progressing there for Quanta. And maybe the potential project pipeline that you're looking at as far as whether or not you think that there could be incremental bookings in '14 or if this is something where we have to wait for more significant momentum?
James F. O'Neil: You know, Craig, I look at this almost like our utility-scale Solar. We're opportunistic there, and we take advantage of the opportunities when they come. I can't go out to say that we're going to be a 20% growth or double-digit growth year-over-year for the next 2 years in that business because the opportunities are spotty. But when they come, like the one in Alaska that we announced earlier this year, we're certainly excited about the opportunity to build those programs, and -- but I can't tell you whether that business is going to have a steady growth profile to it or not.
Operator: The next question comes from John Rogers of D.A. Davidson.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: First thing, Jim, in terms of large project opportunities you've been referring to, how much of that work that you could book here is '15, '16, potentially? I mean, how much visibility are we potentially getting here?
James F. O'Neil: On most of the electric projects, they would -- many of them would start in '14. And some of them are multi-year bid, multi-year programs. I would say that probably half of the ones that we're looking at are multi-year programs and half are probably -- will take a year to complete.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And on the pipeline?
James F. O'Neil: Pipeline is probably the same, maybe more a multi-year component to them than one-off projects. But there are some projects that are 3 or 4 months that we're looking at potentially being awarded, and there's also some multi-year programs that we're looking at as well.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up, can you give us a quick update on what you're seeing in the offshore market in terms of acquisition opportunities there?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I wouldn't say so much acquisition opportunities per se. I would say that the market itself is extremely active and continues to provide opportunities. And it is going to grow at or more than what the segment is projected to grow at. So we're pretty excited about that. We're being prudent in our approach there as it is -- relatively, it's an adjacent market. I would say that more of our acquisition opportunities are in our core business. But there are certainly opportunities offshore, and we're going to take advantage of those as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Wittmann of Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I want to just dig a little bit more into the pipeline business and kind of the market dynamic there. It's coming into your income statement a bit. Where is it for the industry? Where's the industry being utilized for large-diameter pipeline stage? And do you have a sense of that and what's the implication for that for your pricing? Are you getting similar or favorable terms in the pipelines like you are in the electric business that you referred to earlier?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I think, like I mentioned earlier on future work, that we're looking at the ramp at the end of '14 and into '15. We're in the very early stages of this ramp-up. So I think what's been done historically is different than what we're going to see going forward. And the projects going forward, I think, overall, you're going to see better contract terms on those programs.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Does that mean not fixed price or does that just mean guaranteed maximum of...
James F. O'Neil: It's a mix. I mean, you could get better contract terms to where you're sharing downside risk, it could be some cost-plus programs, some are fixed-price with the floors on risk sharing. So it's just a mix of things. But overall, though, there's more risk sharing between the customer and the contractor, especially on the multi-year programs.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just maybe a couple of quick technical questions. Can you give us the acquired T&D backlog, if any, as well as the storm contribution, Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. The backlog for T&D from acquisition for the first quarter was relatively minor. It was about $25 million. And then, storm, we did a little over $30 million this quarter, which is comparable to the first quarter last year.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Lee of Goldman Sachs.
Brian K. Lee - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, as a follow-up to that last one, thanks for breaking out the quantification on the backlog impact, Derrick. On the acquisitions, though, how should we think going forward about the organic growth opportunities you guys are looking at to continue to add to what's been robust backlog growth versus acquiring backlog adds? I guess I'm wondering, is it unfair to assume most of the backlog additions in recent quarters have come from acquisitions and if that will continue to be the trend?
Derrick A. Jensen: No, I think that most of Jim's commentary has been about the opportunity for organic backlog growth of -- for the remainder of the year. That's where we think the vast majority of our backlog growth will potentially come from over the next 3 to 6, 9 months. And then, relative -- from an acquisition perspective, the backlog contributions varies. As an example, like I said, the first quarter, we had minimal backlog contributions because some of that stuff was subcontract-related versus the contribution directly from the acquisitions.
Brian K. Lee - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe related to that -- and I apologize if you covered this, I jumped on a bit late. I might be misinterpreting this. But if I heard you correctly, I thought you had suggested that there might be a shift here toward more distribution-related power project activity versus transmission going forward. I guess, if that's the case, can you help us understand the competitive environment and maybe the margin delta you expect between the distribution versus transmission and how that would impact your ability to maintain current segment margins and/or expand them, if that is going to be the trend?
James F. O'Neil: Well, we believe that distribution will grow at the same pace that transmission is growing. It's probably -- I mean, obviously, distribution is a smaller part of the segment, but they should both grow at the same percentages over the next couple of years. The competitive environment, we're on many customer systems. We've been on many customer systems for years. It's -- most of that increase is our existing customer base increasing the number of crews that they have working, our crews that are working, because they just have more work to do. And we have won a couple of new distribution contracts from new customers, which is part of that growth as well. But I see distribution and transmission growing at the same rate, which is double-digit growth opportunities.
Operator: The next question comes from Jon Braatz of Kansas City Capital.
Jonathan P. Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates: Jim, question. The -- you talked about the increasing complexity and sophistication of the transmission work that's coming down -- coming ahead. And I guess, my question is -- at the same time, you mentioned that you're earning a greater margin on that business. Is that margin reflective of you're one of the few companies that can do this work? Or are you assuming a little bit higher risk profile on these projects and that accounts for a little bit higher margin?
James F. O'Neil: I think, mostly, we're being -- we're involved more with the customer from planning these programs from a constructibility standpoint. We have the resources and the scope and scale to accomplish these large-scope projects in the timeline that they need to accomplish them. We're providing a broader solution to these customers to give them more predictability that their projects will get finished on time and on schedule, where others have had issues doing that. So when you provide more solutions to a customer than a discrete service, the opportunity to -- for that customer to see that value creates the opportunity for us to make slightly better margins on those programs.
Jonathan P. Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates: Okay. So no -- not really a higher risk profile then?
James F. O'Neil: Well, when you take over more -- you're going to take over more risks when you take over more of those services, providing solutions. These projects are more complex, so the contractor does have more risk. But we do believe that, that risk is mitigated. We have an excellent track record since our inception of performing electric transmission programs and don't anticipate any issues. The more risky your project is, whether it's in a more environmentally-sensitive area or a more difficult geographical terrain, the further that differentiates us from your competitor because you are taking more risk. But we like that, we do that very well and we believe we mitigate those risks very well also.
Operator: There are no further questions. Are there any further points you wish to raise?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I would just like to thank all of you for participating in our first quarter 2014 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Saagar Parikh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Will Gabrielski - Stephens Inc. Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Brian K. Lee - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Cory Mitchell - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call on the 20th of February, 2014. [Operator Instructions] I would now hand the conference over to Kip Rupp. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Catherine. And welcome, everyone to the Quanta Services' Conference Call to review fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you'd like to have Quanta news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com. In addition, Quanta has an Investor Relations app for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices, which is available for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. The Quanta Investor Relations app allows users to navigate the company's investor relations materials, including the latest press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audiocasts, conference calls and stock price information. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 20, 2014, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. Before I turn the call over to management, I wanted to remind the institutional investors and sell side analysts on this call that we are hosting the Quanta Services 2014 Investor Day in New York City next week on Tuesday, February 25. Attendance of this event is limited to the institutional investment community. If you're an institutional investor or a sell side analyst who would like to attend the event, please contact me for registration information. We'll be webcasting the event live over the Internet for anyone to listen to and will also have archived audio and other material available after the event on our website. With that, I would now turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thank you, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter and full year results. Following Derrick's comments, we will welcome your questions. We are pleased to report solid results for the fourth quarter and record results for the full year of 2013. We ended the year with record revenues, record operating income, record earnings per share, record adjusted earnings per share and record 12-month and total backlog, to name a few. It is noteworthy that our 2013 accomplishments compared to our prior year's performance, which included unusually high levels of emergency restoration revenues and income, primarily associated with Hurricane Sandy. This morning, we announced our financial outlook for the full year of 2014, with a revenue range of $7.4 billion to $7.8 billion, and a diluted earnings per share range of $1.65 to $1.85. Clearly, we expect momentum to continue in our end markets as we see continued opportunity for double-digit growth for at least the next 2 years. We continue to believe that we are in unprecedented times, not only in Quanta's history, but in the history of the electric power in oil and gas industries. Our electric utility customers continue to invest in the power grid, deploying capital at record levels to address reliability challenges and regulatory mandates. As a result, investments are being made to replace aging infrastructure and to interconnect transmission in substation facilities with renewable generation and to modify transmission enter [ph] as coal generation plants all retired and replaced with natural gas generation. We are also seeing upgrades to distribution networks as distributed generation, demand response and other technologies are deployed. Quanta is the largest electric power specialty contractor in North America and we provide services to the majority of utilities in the United States and Canada. In many cases, we have firsthand knowledge of our customers' capital programs. Our internal research into several of our major utility clients indicates continued record investment in transmission with up to 15% annual growth in capital expenditures through 2017. The electric power infrastructure initiatives I spoke of earlier will take years to play out and hundreds of billions of dollars of investment. We believe Quanta is uniquely-positioned to capitalize on these opportunities.  Electric Power segment revenues rose to record levels in 2013 and operating margins were strong considering we performed approximately $140 million less storm work in 2013 compared to the prior year. Demand for our day-to-day transmission, substation distribution and other electric power services remains strong, and we do not anticipate any slowdown in activity for the foreseeable future. Further, we are experiencing increasing demand for our proprietary Energized Services technology as customers are choosing to re-conduct their existing transmission infrastructure in an energized state, either because the line cannot be taken out of service or additional right-of-way to construct a parallel line cannot be secured. Developing additional resources for energized capability is one of the major catalysts for building our state-of-the-art training facility in La Grange, Texas. Overall, our intent to is to ensure that we continue to have a trained and qualified workforce to provide technical solutions to our customers' ever growing needs. In addition to our day-to-day Electric Power transmission and distribution activity, we have also experienced an increase in large project awards in our electric segment. Over the last 3 months, we have been awarded, in aggregate, over $650 million of projects that are individually valued in excess of $100 million. This includes transmission projects in Canada for AltaLink and Nalcor, additional major segments of the Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project for Southern California Edison, and an EPC contract for a combined cycle thermal power plant in Alaska for Anchorage Municipal Light & Power. We believe our current backlog in the Electric Power segment, coupled with project opportunities on the horizon provide double-digit growth opportunities. Today, we are announcing a change in the name of our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment to better align with our expanded service offerings and growing customer base in this segment. Going forward, this segment has been renamed the Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment. No change has been made to the segment's financial results. Our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment revenues grew over 20% in 2013. Perhaps more importantly, operating income more than doubled. We believe the market for our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services will remain dynamic in 2014. As you are aware, the unconventional shales in the Canadian oilsands are reshaping the North America energy market. As unconventional as these -- geology as the geology is in these formations, their geographic locations are unconventional as well. As a result, hundreds of billions of dollars could be spent over the next several decades on new infrastructure required to gather and move hydrocarbons to markets throughout North America. Main line and gathering system construction activity has been ramping up over the last 2.5 years. Our pipeline-gathering activity remains active and we experienced acceleration in demand for our mainline pipe construction services in 2013, having booked more than $700 million in contracts in the second half of last year. By the beginning of 2015, we believe customer demand to install pipeline infrastructure will likely outpace the industry's construction resources. As the largest pipeline construction company in North America, we have the largest employee base and equipment fleet in our industry. We have the reputation, track record and customer relationships that position us to be an important participant in this historic time in the North American energy market. In our view, Australia, too, is one of the most dynamic energy markets in the world. We believe we have entered Australia at the right time to expand our service offerings in what we believe will be an attractive energy market for years to come. We see continued opportunities to book additional mainline projects in the United States, Canada and Australia in 2014 and beyond. Although our gas distribution and integrity services are a smaller portion of our overall Oil and Gas segment revenues, we see continued opportunities to deploy our services as customers seek to comply with requirements regulating pipeline safety. Like our Electric Power segment, we see double-digit growth opportunities for our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment, and we expect continued improvement in operating margins as we capitalize on these projects throughout 2014. Now let's transition to our Fiber Optic Licensing segment. Today, we are announcing an expansion of our service offerings in our Fiber Optic Licensing business. This business has principally been focused on providing dark fiber or providing fiber optic capacity to customers in various market verticals without lighting up the fiber. We are now expanding our offerings to include lit services. Under the lit services model, not only do we provide access to the extensive fiber networks that we own, we also provide advanced networking equipment and responsible for network management and service quality. As we deploy our lit service strategy, our initial investment in people and equipment to support the lit service platform will negatively impact margins in 2014. In the midterm, margins will decline slightly in the segment as lit services generate lower margins than dark fiber. However, we believe increased revenue opportunities will more than offset the margin decline once the lit strategy is fully developed by 2016. We are enthusiastic about our lit service expansion as the lit service market is significantly larger than the dark fiber market and offers significant growth opportunity. Equally important, the lit service market enables us to more fully utilize our existing dark fiber network, while providing more robust network service offerings to existing and potential customers. There is a continued appetite for fiber bandwidth for business continuity, cloud computing, data center connectivity and private wide area network services. We continue to invest in our networks to expand our service offerings to meet customer demand and to capitalize on new opportunities in the marketplace. In summary, we had another excellent year and believe 2014 could be another record year for Quanta. We believe momentum continues to build in all of our end markets, with opportunity for double-digit growth in 2014 and 2015. As Electric Power and Oil and Gas Infrastructure projects get larger and more complex, more customers are turning to Quanta to provide comprehensive infrastructure solutions. We believe we have the scope and scale, the technology, the expertise and the track record that differentiates us in the markets we serve. We continue to execute on strategies that differentiate Quanta and position the company for near and long-term growth.  I want to highlight that our achievements would not have been possible without the skill, dedication and hard work of nearly 21,000 employees. I want to thank our employees for their commitment to safety and project execution. We have the very best employees in the industry, and they are the key to our past and future success. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his financial review of the fourth quarter and the year. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.82 billion for the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to $1.67 billion in the prior year's fourth quarter, reflecting consolidated growth of approximately 9% quarter-over-quarter. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the quarter was $166.7 million or $0.77 per diluted share, as compared to $102.4 million or $0.48 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of last year. Included in net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the fourth quarter of 2013 was the after-tax gain of $70.5 million or approximately $0.32 per diluted share from the sale of our equity ownership interest in Howard Energy on December 6, 2013. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, as calculated in today's press release, was $0.50 for the fourth quarter of 2013 as compared to $0.51 for the fourth quarter of 2012. The growth in consolidated revenues in the fourth quarter of 2013 was primarily due to a 28.4% increase in revenues from our Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment and, to a lesser extent, by a 2.1% increase in revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. Our consolidated gross margin was 16.7% in the fourth quarter of 2013 as compared to 17.1% in the fourth quarter of 2012. This decrease in gross margin was primarily a result of the quarter-over-quarter decrease in higher-margin emergency restoration service revenues, partially offset by the impact of higher overall revenues across our segment. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $143.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, reflecting an increase of $26.4 million as compared to last year's fourth quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $14.3 million in incremental administrative cost from recently acquired companies, and $11.8 million in higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with increased levels of operating activity and profitability. Also contributing to the overall increase in selling general and adversative expenses was approximately $2.9 million in higher acquisition and integration costs in 4Q '13 associated with the acquisitions closed in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 7.9% in the fourth quarter of 2013 from 7% in the fourth quarter of 2012 due to the impact of the items previously discussed. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense was 8.8% in 4Q '13 compared to 10.1% in 4Q '12, also due primarily to the 4Q '12 record level of emergency restoration services. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $8.9 million in 4Q '12 to $10.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, primarily due to amortization of additional intangible assets associated with the 2013 acquisitions. To further discuss our segment results, the Electric Power segment's revenues were $1.2 billion, reflecting an increase of $25.3 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 2.1%. Revenues were positively impacted by increased capital spending for our customers for both transmission and distribution projects, as well as the contribution of approximately $56.1 million in revenues from companies acquired in 2013. Growth in this segment outpaced a quarter-over-quarter decrease in emergency restoration service revenues of $97.7 million from record levels of $130.5 million in Q4 '12 to approximately $32.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. For the Electric Power segment, 12-month and total backlog increased from 2012 year-end, as well as sequentially from the third quarter of 2013. 12-month backlog increased 15% and total backlog for the segment increased by 12% to a record $5.96 billion from the third quarter of 2013. Excluding the impact of acquisitions completed during the fourth quarter, this segment experienced double-digit backlog growth from incremental transmission awards and the renewal of certain master service agreements when comparing to the third quarter of 2013. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment was 12.1% in the fourth quarter of 2013 as compared to 13.4% in last year's fourth quarter, again, primarily due to the lower levels of higher-margin storm work in the current period. Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by 28.4% to $572.4 million in 4Q '13, primarily as a result of approximately $111.7 million in revenues generated by the companies acquired in 2013. Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2013 were also favorably impacted by increased revenues from the contribution of certain mainline pipe project as compared to no mainline work in last year's fourth quarter, as well as projects related to unconventional shale developments in certain regions of North America. Operating income for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment as a percentage of revenues increased to 8.9% in 4Q '13 from 6.2% in 4Q '12. This increase is due primarily to continued successful project execution, the additional contribution of mainline activity, as well as the overall increase in segment revenues, which improved the segment's ability to cover fixed and overhead costs. 12-month backlog for the Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment at year-end increased, as compared to 3Q '13, primarily due to backlog associated with acquisitions and, to a lesser extent, from new awards that replaced work that was completed during the fourth quarter, while total backlog was relatively constant. When compared to the end of 2012, total backlog increased 41.6%, primarily due to increases in mainline pipe project awards, along with the contribution from companies acquired in 2013. Also, as we've commented before, Keystone XL is not in any of the backlog figures presented for our Oil and Gas Infrastructure segment. Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment revenues were down $7.4 million or 15.5% to $40.3 million in 4Q '13 as compared to $47.8 million in 4Q '12 due to lower levels of ancillary telecommunication service revenues as certain larger projects completed in the prior year did not -- that did not recur to the same extent in 2013. Operating margin was 25.1% in 4Q '13 as compared to 34% in 4Q '12, primarily as a result of a $3.2 million charge associated with gross receipts taxes on Fiber Optic Licensing revenues in certain state jurisdictions. For some time, we have been monitoring a court case of another large service provider, and based upon findings in that case, we have concluded that our historical position may no longer be sustainable and we are amending our tax filings in this state accordingly. This charge is cumulative effect of the change in position, and we anticipate that in the future, much of this tax will likely be passed through to our customers and will therefore have a minimal effect on future margins. When calculating operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effects of such expense. Corporate and unallocated costs increased to 16 -- increased $16.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 as compared to 4Q '12, primarily as a result of $11.5 million in higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with current levels of operating activity and profitability, $2.9 million in higher acquisition and integration costs, and a net $1.2 million increase in amortization expense related to 2013 acquisitions, partially offset by previously acquired intangible assets that became fully amortized. EBITA for the fourth quarter of 2013 was $268.2 million or 14.8% of revenues, compared to $166.8 million or 10% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2012. Adjusted EBITDA was $202.8 million or 11.2% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to $203.8 million or 12.2% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2012. For the 12 months ended 2013, adjusted EBITDA was $712.1 million or 10.9% of revenues, compared to $635.3 million or 10.7% of revenues for 2012. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these in days sales outstanding or DSOs can be found in the Investors and Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. As we commented in our last earnings call, our guidance for the quarter included our expectations for certain tax contingency releases for the quarter. Our results for the fourth quarter of 2013 and 2012 included the release of income tax contingencies of approximately $3.5 million and $2.7 million of income, or a net benefit of $0.02 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2013 and a net benefit of $0.01 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2012 due to the expiration of various statutes of limitations periods and settlements of certain income tax audits. For the full year of 2013, cash flow from operation of about $447 million less net capital expenditures of about $249 million resulted in approximately $198 million of positive free cash flow as compared to negative free cash flow of approximately $30 million for the full year of 2012. The fourth quarter of 2013 has free cash flow of approximately $157 million, which contributed to the overall year and was driven by reduced DSOs. Our DSOs were 72 days at December 31, 2013, 82 days at September 30, 2013, and 82 days at December 31, 2012. Contributing to the decrease in DSOs from September 30 were certain large [indiscernible] collections, as well as growth in advance billing position. Contributing to the decrease in DSOs from December 31, 2012 was the favorable impact of 9 days from reclassifying the previously disclosed change order receivable balance of $165 million on the Sunrise Powerlink project from current assets to other long-term assets. Other noteworthy investing activities during the fourth quarter of 2013 include the sale of all of our equity interest in Howard Energy for after-tax net proceeds of approximately $177.5 million and the closing of 3 acquisitions for aggregate consideration of $245 million, including the use of approximately $176 million in cash. At December 31, 2013, we had about $240 million in letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program, and we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $489 million in cash, with approximately $237 million in U.S. funds and $252 million of this balance relating to our foreign operations. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $1.57 billion in total liquidity as of December 31, 2013. As Jim previously commented, subsequent to the end of the fourth quarter, we completed 5 additional acquisitions for aggregate combined consideration of approximately $116.5 million, of which approximately $79.9 million was paid with cash on hand, a large portion of which was Canadian bonds. Concerning our outlook for 2014, we expect revenues for the first quarter of '14 to range between $1.65 billion and $1.75 billion, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $0.36 to $0.38 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.59 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.34 in the first quarter of 2013. Our GAAP EPS forecast for the first quarter of 2014 includes an estimate of $7.8 million for noncash stock-based compensation expense and $8.2 million for amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2014 is expected to be $0.41 to $0.43, in comparison to $0.38 in the first quarter of 2013. We expect the revenues for the full year 2014 to range between $7.4 billion and $7.8 billion, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $1.65 to $1.85 on a GAAP basis. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2014 includes an estimate of $35.3 million for noncash stock-based compensation expense and $33.1 million of amortization expense. Excluding these expenses and others, comparable to our historical calculations, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for 2014 is expected to be between $1.85 and $2.05, which compares to $1.71 in 2013. Our forecasted non-GAAP measures are estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in our release. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interests to be approximately $3.5 million to $4.5 million in the first quarter of 2014, and $12 million to $13 million for the year. For additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be between 34.5% and 35.5% for 2014, and our diluted share count to be about 219.6 million shares. We expect CapEx for all of 2014 to be approximately $300 million to $325 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing and Other segment of about $50 million to $60 million. This compares to CapEx from continuing operations for all of 2013 of $264 million. We also had several other financially oriented events and accomplishments in 2013. We continue to leverage our balance sheet strength over the course of the year to win work and provide a significant working capital to our operations to fund the simultaneous ramp-up of a number of large projects, while ultimately maintaining a strong balance sheet, leaving us well-positioned for continued internal growth and strategic initiatives. In consideration of these growth opportunities, Quanta's acquisition strategy and continued approach to leveraging our balance sheet on larger scale infrastructure projects, we amended our revolving credit facility in the fourth quarter to increase our availability under the facility to $1.325 billion and extended the maturity date to October 30, 2018, while increasing our flexibility and decreasing our pricing. Also in the fourth quarter, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase of up to $500 million of Quanta's common stock through December of 2016. Overall, our capital priorities remain the same with a focus on ensuring adequate resources for working capital and capital expenditure growth and an opportunistic approach towards acquisitions, investment and repurchases of stock. 2013 was another exceptional year for Quanta. We ended the year with numerous record-breaking achievements. As Jim commented, we continue to execute within all of our segments, and we believe that we are operationally and financially well-positioned for continued solid growth in '14 and beyond. This concludes our formal presentation, and I'll now turn the line for a quick Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Saagar Parikh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This is actually Saagar on for Tahira. My first question is related to your Oil and Gas Infrastructure Services segment. Jim, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you guys booked $700 million in long haul work in the second half of '14. Is that on top of the $550 million in long-haul work that you guys announced on the second quarter in the -- for the second quarter?
James F. O'Neil: No, that $550 million -- well, we actually didn't announce -- the $550 million is in the $700 million. And that came in the second -- that's right, and that announcement on that pipeline backlog was on our second quarter call in August. So that is inclusive of the $700 million.
Saagar Parikh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So when we look at it, you probably have around $600 million of long-haul work going into 2014 versus maybe $100 million of long-haul work going into 2013?
James F. O'Neil: I would say, directionally, that's correct.
Saagar Parikh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So overall, with those numbers, could you talk a little bit about just in terms of the bidding environment and the recent headline news around Keystone? What your pipeline capacity utilization maybe was in 2013? What is expected right now in '14? And then what's really available with or without Keystone looking into '15?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think we were only onto 2 to 3 spreads of mainline pipe at any given time in '13, so we've got the ability to flex up to 9 to 12. So we've got plenty of capacity both to pursue gathering work and mainline pipe. We're well-positioned for the ramp up. We do expect that the mainline pipe market will accelerate as we move into '14, certainly in the second half of '14 and into '15, with or without Keystone.
Operator: Your next question comes from Will Gabrielski from Stephens.
Will Gabrielski - Stephens Inc.: Can you talk about the -- so you provided what sounds like it's a multiyear 15% CAGR target for the electric business, if I heard you correctly. And you also talked very bullishly about Energized Services. So do you think that's the fastest-growing part of that 15%? And can you just talk about what the margins in Energized Services looks like versus the rest of your electric business?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I would say that the Energized Services today while a very important and strategic part of our business, is not material to the overall transmission revenue opportunities that we see in '14 and '15. That's going to be primarily new construction of lines which don't require our Energized Services capabilities, and that market is going to be very active, we believe, as we go through '14 and into '15, throughout '15 as well.
Will Gabrielski - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then as a follow-up, looking at the pipeline market and the your commentary around the demand for resources outstripping the supply of contractor capacity as we look into '15, you did a lot of work pre this transmission boom, if I remember correctly, training and making sure your equipment was in place. Can you talk about how far along you are? How much more needs to be done, whether it's training or spending, to get ready for that level of capacity demand in the pipeline market?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, we're well-prepared for any uptick in mainline pipe. And our field leadership, our superintendents and foremen are exchangeable. They can do the work on gathering oil and mainline pipes. So we're well-positioned for any increase in activity in mainline for the next 2 years.
Derrick A. Jensen: Will, this is Derrick. Also, I want to come back and address the -- relative to the 15%, I mean, there's an aspect of acquisitions in 2014, the full year effect of our '13 revenues, so not all of that is organic as far as the 15%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Rygiel from FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Jim, could you give us a little bit more qualitative sort of commentary about pricing and margins that you expect over the next 12 months within the electrical segment? Obviously, margins were very strong in the fourth quarter and recognizing, obviously, there were some weather impact there. But qualitatively, can you just sort of comment on where we stand on pricing and margins for electrical over the next 12 months?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think when you look at our backlog and margins in backlog, that's the best indicator of margins going forward. And our margins in backlog are comparable or better than what we're experiencing today on a consolidated basis, in both electric and natural gas in our Oil and Gas segment. Our margins should be improving as we ramp up activity...
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Great. And a follow-up question. As we look at your pipe margins of 8.9% in the fourth quarter, which is very strong both sequentially and year-over-year, can you help us understand if there was any sort of negative weather impact on that business in the fourth quarter? And sort of what your thoughts are with regards to weather outlook in the first quarter for pipe?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Alex, this is Derrick. Yes, relative to the fourth quarter, I mean, we have pretty decent weather allowing us to continue to execute. It's not uncommon for the fourth quarter for us to have a kind of a downtick in margins, so that's why you see a little bit of downtick. And I would continue to expect that fourth quarter dynamic next year. Relative to the first quarter, we definitely have weather effects more likely in pipe than in Electric Power. So I would expect that similar to the last few years, you'd have a lower margin profile in the first quarter. Having said that, I do expect that we'll still yet have a better margin performance within the Oil and Gas segment in the first quarter '14 than we saw in '13. I also want to go back to kind of the overall margins for Electric Power. When we consider margins for Electric Power in our guidance right now, we've kind of looked at more of a 10% to 12% range. We kind of raised the bottom end of -- from 9 -- from a 9% to 12% to kind of now a 10% to 12%. And I'd look for Electric Power right now to probably be somewhere in the midpoint of that as we think about for 2014.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Wondering if you can help with your expected revenue mix in 2014. Earn rates over the last few years would imply around $4.9 billion for Electric Power and maybe $2.9 billion for the oil and gas segment, which would already be at the high end of the guidance range, which makes me think that the pipeline -- or the oil and gas would be lower than that. I mean, are we thinking is it 15% for Electric Power in 2014? Maybe just help with the mix a little bit there.
Derrick A. Jensen: I do think that you'll see the opportunity for a little bit of a higher growth relative to the pipeline side versus Electric Power. What we've considered in our overall guidance is the upper end of the range considers the double-digit growth rate for either Electric Power and pipeline. But I think that the pipeline does have a component of opportunity for slightly higher growth rate than the Electric Power in total.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then can you talk about how you expect the Canadian market to evolve over the next year or 2? And how might the next projects and bidding be different from the work you've seen ramping up over the last year or 2? And what did the most recent acquisitions in January do for you in that business and marketplace?
James F. O'Neil: Well, the acquisitions that we made in Canada here recently just help support the overall uptick in opportunities that we have in Canada. It helps build our geographical presence in Canada. Canada has some significant opportunities, but so does the U.S. So -- and I don't want to get lost at Canada. Canada's where all the growth is. I mean, we have significant opportunities and are executing on large opportunities in the U.S. today. But we think that Canada and U.S. both grow as a percentage equally over time. Right now, we're probably seeing a little bit more increase in Canada, but we'll certainly see some U.S. opportunities in the future as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess 2 questions. First, Derrick, as it relates to your guidance for this year, I mean, if we were sitting here last year, I think on a non-GAAP basis, you guided $1.23 to $1.53, and you came in this year at $1.71, which was almost $0.20 better than what you -- $0.20 better than the high-end. So I guess, as I think about your guidance for this year, you're closer to The Street than you usually are. Is there any different approach in your guidance? Were you more conservative last year because you were more worried about the Oil and Gas biz not hitting the margin numbers? I'm just trying to get a feel for the potential for upside in 2014 just as we think about how well you did in 2013. Then my second question just relates to the investment that you're making in lit services. Can you just sort of talk about what you think the market opportunity is for you guys in that business? And just a little bit more color on the level of investment that you'll have to make between now and '16 and how potentially big that business could be for you.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. Relative to '14, I mean, or the approach to guidance in '14 versus '13, I think one of the differences in '14 right now, as we commented a second ago, we came into '13 and guided at 9% to 12% for Electric Power, and now, we're kind of leaning towards a 10% to 12% range based upon our ability to continue to execute within the last few years. And so kind of the midpoint of that would be around 11% versus last year. We -- I think we were guiding at a midpoint of 10.5%. And then -- but probably another component of that is the overall pipeline. Last year, we had limited visibility still. But as we go into 2014, we see greater visibility based upon the dialogues we've had over the last few years and we've been talking about that for the last 18 months or so. So with the greater amount of backlog and visibility in pipe, we continue to see the ability to have a higher margin profile in pipe approaching the high-end of our range, our 9% to 12% guidance. 9% at the high-end of our range right now. Relative to the fiber side of the business, I'll answer the last part and let Jim talk about the business side. From a CapEx perspective, we see fiber being about $50 million to $60 million, which is higher than what we've seen. That includes components of getting ready to approach the lit fiber side of the business. There's a reasonable amount of CapEx associated with just that implementation. As we look at '15 and '16, I think we'll actually see that start to trend back down into something maybe in the $40 million to $45 million range. And that maybe a little bit lower than what we've seen in the past in pure dark fiber because the lit fiber component is less capital intensive...
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But I guess, Derrick, my point would be you have greater -- to your -- everything you just said, you have greater visibility as you're sitting here this year versus last year, and this year you blew away your numbers. So the point would be is there is -- as you're sitting here this year, there's probably just as much room for potential upside just given how much -- just given your visibility that you have this year and the turnaround that you've seen the Oil and Gas side.
Derrick A. Jensen: The hedge, I'd say is that a lot of our backlog right now in the mainline side is in the front half of this year, which is where we have more of the weather effects. And so we think we need to get through and see how those weather effects come into play relative to what we'd expect in our ability to execute on mainline. And then at the same time, we have a degree of uncommitted in that mainline at the high-end of our range and we'll need to see how that fills through, and the timing of that relative to the overall year.
James F. O'Neil: Jamie, to answer your strategic rationale for moving into lit services, I mean, we have one of the more unique networks, particularly in the New Jersey-Pennsylvania area, and we have opportunities to expand to existing customers who desire to move into lit services. It's really no different than our Electric Power and Oil and Gas business where we try to advance our solutions with customers. There's been a big consolidation of fiber companies, as many of you are aware. Many of those are going, standardizing their services. You've got many customers that want customized services, especially those that have private networks, so that provides a big opportunity for us to get into this market in a big way. And the main thing, too, is that it's allowing us to leverage an asset, our dark fiber assets, to better utilize that asset to bring better returns to our shareholders over the long term. So that's the strategic rationale for moving into lit service.
Operator: The next question comes from Vishal Shah from Deutsche Bank.
Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Jerimiah Booream on the line for Vishal. I was just hoping we could follow up on the pipeline segment and, specifically, the cadence of new awards this year. It sounds like you guys are pretty bullish in 2015. Do you think that we could see new awards outside of the traditional bidding season? Or is it going to be in line with other years?
James F. O'Neil: Well, like we've said in the past, the bidding season has really changed over the last 3 years, where, because of the level of activity that our customers expect over the next 3 or 4 years, many want to sit down in advance and talk about their capital programs. Not only as the industry, construction industry resources becoming tight, the programs are becoming bigger. Customer programs are becoming larger and it requires a different type of dialogue. So there's more negotiations, more discussions with customers. So that gives us the visibility Derrick talks about, and that's why we believe that '15, the end of '14 and '15, we'll see a ramp in mainline. And not necessarily a bid season, it's just an ongoing process year-round that we're going through with our customers.
Jerimiah Booream-Phelps - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And also, just on the transmission side, it also sounds like you're doing pretty well there. But just wanted to touch on large versus small transmission. And you've talked in the past about some of the -- a shift to small transmission. But with the recent awards, could you see a lot more larger projects pick up as well?
James F. O'Neil: I would say that our small transmission, which we define as projects individually less than $100 million, the pace of that activity, even with our recent awards on large projects, is very similar. It keeps pace. And I do want to remind everybody that in our total electric segment, probably small transmission is the biggest contributor to that segment. So it's a very important part of our business and it continues to ramp up as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Wittmann from Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to dig a little bit into the pipeline segment. Jim, thinking back 1 year, 2 years, I think the secular themes behind the energy build out have been strong. You guys have been bullish for a while. We're starting to see some early signs here. But it still kind of sounds, from some of your comments, that while you're up on some mainline work now that -- and there's an expectation that's built in the guidance from some of your commentary that the back half of the year might be when some of the larger awards come in. First of all, I guess, am I hearing that correctly? And can you just talk about what it's going to take for some of that stuff to break loose? Is it just time? Maybe an update on the regulatory and environmental permitting processes and some of the things you're looking at. And just some color around what needs to happen for those projects to go forward would be helpful.
James F. O'Neil: Well, you have to remember that the seasonality in mainline pipe really doesn't change. I mean, our customers prefer to build mainline pipe in the second and third quarter and into the early fourth quarter or they get into potential weather issues. So that's normally when you start seeing increased activity. So that tends to get -- make it back end-loaded. And then the second question -- what was the second?
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: If there's anything holding you back -- is there anything holding back? Is it project economics? Is it permitting, the FERC, what have you? Is there something going on that might be slowing it down?
James F. O'Neil: No, it's the normal process. I mean, projects are becoming longer, they're -- in miles and in size. So the permitting process is consistent, but it just takes longer because of the sheer size of these projects. I also want to add on my earlier comment that Canada does provide some aspect of counter-cyclicality to that seasonality, which is why -- one of the reasons why our first quarter margins can tend to be higher than what they've been historically if we can execute because a lot -- there's a lot of pipeline activity in the northern climb. So you do have some aspect of that U.S. seasonality and pipeline that's offset by some our Canadian activity on pipeline as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Thalhimer from BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the large transmission market in the U.S. I'm kind of under the impression that the bidding activity for large transmission might ramp in '14, and that you might see a re-acceleration of the large transmission work in '15. Is that at all accurate?
James F. O'Neil: All we can tell you, I mean we are probably closer to most of the -- most of our utility customers throughout -- most of the utilities throughout North America, and that we see a continued ramp in activity. Now you're going to have some quarters where you don't get awards, you're going to have that quarter-over-quarter cyclicality in announcements. But overall, we see a continued acceleration of electric transmission for 2015. We don't see the cyclicality that a lot of you guys see in some of these industry publications and so forth. And so that's the best way to describe it.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Got it. And then I wanted to ask about the acquisitions. Generally, I mean, lots of deals back half of last year and also in January. What kind of accretion are you baking in from those deals in 2014 guidance? And then also just on the buyback, what are your thoughts on putting that to work?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this Derrick. From an accretion standpoint, I mean, we strive to make all of our acquisitions accretive transactions depending upon the timing of how those deals close. As an example, the fourth quarter deals in the fourth quarter were actually slightly dilutive. But overall for 2014, I would say that they are a component of that and they're slightly accretive. All the acquisitions themselves have a margin profile that are comparable to our historical business, but there -- it's partially offset by the amortization that comes in and the transaction costs themselves. And then what was your second question? Oh, stock buyback. On the stock buyback, as it stands right now, the biggest driver of that for us, is what we see on the opportunistic acquisition and investment side of the equation, that where we see continued acquisitions and investments and the need for capital there, that will really drive the big portion of what we do from a stock perspective, a stock buyback perspective.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Irwin from Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Jim, I was hoping you might be able to update us on your number spreads now relative to the industry and whether or not you think you might be able to split a couple of those moving into '15. And then historically, when you bought Price Gregory, right, we were coming off the back end of a cycle, not as strong as it sounds like the one that you're looking at '15 and probably '16 as well, but their operating performance was materially better than the target model you played out for this business. I was hoping you could maybe discuss for us a little bit whether or not you would take a philosophical approach of just not gouging customers executing on the work growing as much as you can, or if there's potential for execution above the target model as we see '15 unfold.
James F. O'Neil: Well, there's several questions in there. I mean, I'll tell you that we don't report Price Gregory's profitability separate. We report the segment's profitability, which has other services in there; gas distribution is one and gathering work. So the segment revenues in the 9% to 12% range, target range, certainly could have contributions from Price Gregory that are comparable to what they did in the later -- the previous to us acquiring it. We're also mitigating some of the risk through contract terms, and sometimes, you'll take -- you got to weigh taking 100 basis points less to mitigate a lot of risk, which you guys have seen in the past, some the project execution and risk that we've taken in the past, and we've done a great job mitigating that over the last several years and to profitability. We've been very -- we've been consistently profitable in that segment for the last 2 years. The other questions about the amount of spreads and our ability to execute, we've got plenty of capacity. We're not concerned about having capacity to capitalize on opportunities that come up through the end of this year and in '15 and beyond on mainline pipe.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Lee from Goldman Sachs.
Brian K. Lee - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, first off, it seems like there's a slightly lower earnings growth implied in the 2014 guidance versus revenue at the midpoint. So I was just wondering, is that something below the line or maybe a mix issue that's impacting margins? If you could help reconcile that a bit, it'd be great.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean, basically, it comes back to us trying to put a little bit of prudency into our margin guidance. But basically, it's to address execution risk. As we think about the Electric Power, I'd say that we're in 10% to 12% operating margin and probably looking for something in the midpoint of that in our current guidance. And on the pipeline side, at the high-end, we think maybe a 9%. But other than that, it factors in the typical type of weather impacts and execution risk you have potentially there in the pipeline. So it's the combination of those things that are factored into our 2014 expectation right now.
Brian K. Lee - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. Second question was just on Electric Power. I was wondering how do you expect mix from Canada to trend here versus the run rate you've seen historically and in 2013? I know Jim touched upon it a bit, but wondering if you can elaborate a bit more. And then secondarily, if there's any impact that it would have on the segment margins.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. I mean, we see Canada as continued opportunity. We think that Canada will have growth and solid growth, double-digit type opportunity growth. But we see the same type of thing happening in the U.S. So although Canada as a percentage, may grow a little bit more because it's a smaller level of revenue, the overall opportunities are somewhat comparable between the 2. And then from a margin perspective, we see Canada margins being comparable to our U.S. margins.
Operator: The next question comes from William Bremer from Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: All right. First question. Can you give us an update on the Gulf region? We're hearing a lot in terms of just the Gulf magnitude of the buildout of the next few years, and how are you guys situating yourself there? Second question is an update on Integrity, the projects there, the length of them, and has that truly picked up or what you see in there? And then finally, just on the corporate -- this is just a housekeeping question, on the corporate expense line, could you just give us a figure of sort of a run rate to utilize going forward?
James F. O'Neil: Well, let me address your Integrity question first because I think it's an umbrella over the Gulf and what we're seeing on land. I mean, Integrity continues to ramp that business as our customers comply with regulation to -- for pipeline safety. I'll tell you that it is a smaller portion of the segment, but its ability to grow as a percentage of its own base is probably greater than any other part of our business. That takes us to offshore. Integrity programs with the BSEE and SEMS regulations that are out to comply with pipeline safety, as well as platform safety. That is an area that we feel is a significant opportunity for us, and we position ourselves to take advantage of those opportunities. We're just providing an engineering program management technology solution to our pipeline identification, remediation of pipelines in the Gulf of Mexico. Derrick, you can...
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, and as far as the corporate and unallocated, I think the way I look at that is that it's going to fluctuate based upon the seasonality impact of revenues. But overall for '14, I'm going to say, in the 2.5% to 2.9% range, with a fluctuating [indiscernible] based upon that revenue fluctuation.
Operator: The next question comes from Noelle Dilts from Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: First question. There hasn't been a lot of comment -- commentary on electric distribution. I'm curious to know what you're hearing from your utility customers in terms of the spending plans for 2014 and what your thoughts are on continued -- a continued shift towards outsourcing in.
James F. O'Neil: Electric distribution has grown at double-digit revenue rates for the last 3 years, and we don't see that trend slowing down. Customers are focused on either storm hardening programs or they are modernizing the grid for demand response, smart grid, DG programs. So we continue to see the level of activity and distribution increase. And for the first time in many years, we're seeing housing starts become more material and could have a positive impact on our business story. It will have a positive impact on our distribution business this year if it continues to ramp as we expect.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then my second question, I just want to circle back to the pipeline -- or I'm sorry, oil and gas now, but the guidance there. So it sounds like if you compare -- on the revenue side, if you compare to how you guided last year, heading into '13, you were really not forecasting any new pipeline project wins aside from what you already had in backlog and then flattish growth in the existing business this year. Derrick, it sounds like on the high-end, you are including some unallocated project activity. Can you maybe put some numbers around that? What you'd have to book to really hit that high end of guidance?
James F. O'Neil: Noelle, this is Jim. I would say that yes, the one big difference, and Derrick mentioned, is we do have some aspect of uncommitted mainline on the high end of our guidance. And I would just tell you that, that number, which I don't want to get into and quantify it, but that number will allow us the opportunity to achieve double-digit growth in this segment.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Mannes from Avondale.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: A couple of follow-up questions. First, on Oil and Gas, certainly heard your dialogue as it relates kind of an abnormal bidding and the tightening of capacity that's coming and getting more severe in '15. Enbridge has certainly been on record talking about entering into framework agreements with key contractors. I believe some of the other developers have as well. Can you talk about maybe what you've done in that regard in terms of aligning with key relationships, and what that may allow you to get those in terms of visibility and/or contractual terms?
James F. O'Neil: Look, I'm not going to give any of the specific conversation with customers, Dan, but we've got to be competitive on our pricing. It's just that the bidding process has changed. These capital programs are becoming so large that it takes a higher degree of coordination and effort and planning. And so just the whole environment has changed from preparing to capitalize or to execute on these types of projects, and it leads to more negotiations or more discussions with our customers. And it's a different environment because of the scope of -- the size of projects and the amount of activity that's coming out from our customers. Those 2 things drive that change in communications, from going from a straight bidding process to a higher level of degree of discussion with our potential customer.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Makes sense. And then real quickly on the fiber business, it looks like -- it's a little hard to tell over the last couple of years, but it doesn't look like the dark fiber business was growing as material as maybe you had hoped. When you look at your decision to maybe shift into more lit fiber, was there also a consideration, as you mentioned, given the consolidation of competitors and this is a bit of an evolution for you, are you guys the right guys to be growing that business in this fashion? Or was there also consideration that maybe divesting the business might also be an alternative, given the high-value placed on these types of assets?
Derrick A. Jensen: Dan, it's Derrick. Actually, I mean, we continue to deal with this as far as the segment reporting that the reality is that the fiber business itself is growing and in fact has double-digit growth. And as we're going into the future, the high-end of our range can still -- considers double-digit growth opportunity in the fiber business. What's misleading is that you have the telecom component of our historical business that is still within there, and so as an example, our decline from last year is all associated with the change in telecom revenues and is offset by the growth that's actually there on the fiber side of the business. So we see -- the high-single digit and double-digit growth opportunities continuing for that group, but it will probably hedge a little bit here in '14 and '15 just because of the fact that we're shifting from the dark fiber to lit fiber model. They've historically performed quite well, historically been able to achieve the double-digit growth. We have no issues with beating our continued ability to achieve those type of growth on that side of the business.
James F. O'Neil: And I do want to add that we're just -- we did provide an aspect of dim and lit services to the K-12 school districts which was our founding -- our first vertical that we entered into. So all we're doing is expanding that to other verticals, and that requires a degree of investment in people and equipment to do that. So it's nothing -- it's not new to us. It's not foreign to us. It's just an expansion of that service capability into broader areas of that business for us.
Operator: The last question comes from Cory Mitchell from D.A. Davidson.
Cory Mitchell - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: My question revolves around Canada and Electric Power. I was just curious to hear how the competition today has evolved over the last year, and if the acquisitions in January were at all in response to that.
James F. O'Neil: Repeat the question, Cory. I didn't catch what the question was.
Cory Mitchell - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I was just curious on how competition has evolved in Canada regarding Electric Power. And then also, if the 4 acquisitions in January were at all in response to that.
James F. O'Neil: No. I mean, we -- I mean, obviously, when we make an acquisition, it's to add to our capabilities to provide solutions to our customers. Did we do it as a defensive move? No. We did it because it -- we're advancing solutions for customers. But we see the same competitors in Canada as we do in the U.S. Every one of our public-traded competitors are trying to move into Canada, so the competitive landscape is no different in Canada.
Cory Mitchell - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then also, Derrick, you talked a little bit about Oil and Gas Infrastructure, saying 9% operating margin. Is it unreasonable to think that as capacity starts to tighten in '15, '16, that you're going to reach 11%, 12%?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean, we continue to look at that segment as having a 9% to 12% margin profile and/or capability. So yes, I think that -- we would say it's preliminary to say that now, but we think the dynamics exists for us to be able to bring this segment into the 9% to 12% range.
Operator: I will now turn the call back to Mr. O'Neil for closing comments.
James F. O'Neil: We'd like to thank all of you for participating in our fourth quarter and full year 2013 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services, and hope to see you next week in New York at our Investor Day. Thank you. This concludes our call.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and President of Infrasource FI LLC Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Martin W. Malloy - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded today, Thursday, October 31, 2013 at 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Ron. And welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review third quarter 2013 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta's -- Quanta news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. In addition, Quanta has an Investor Relations app for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices, which is available for free at Apple's App Store and at Google Play. The Quanta Investor Relations app allows users to navigate the company's Investor Relations materials, including the latest press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audiocasts, conference calls and stock price information. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, October 31, 2013, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thank you, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our third quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we will welcome your questions. For the quarter, revenues increased approximately 7% and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 10% compared to the same quarter last year. Our 12-month and total backlog increased both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis, and both are at record levels. Our Electric Power segment continues to experience strong demand for electric transmission and distribution services. The electric power industry continues to make significant investments in North America's power grid to improve reliability, address congestion issues, create renewable interconnections and upgrade and replace aging transmission and distribution infrastructure. There are several near-term drivers of transmission spending. As coal generation is retired to comply with the Environmental Protection Agency's Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, utilities will need to modify existing transmission infrastructure to handle changes in energy flow to maintain grid reliability. As a result, new transmission infrastructure will be required. For example, earlier this year, grid operator PJM, which manages grid reliability on an electric power system that serves more than 60 million people, identified the need for more than 130 grid updates to avoid reliability problems resulting from power plant retirements. PJM's estimate of $2.4 billion in expenditures to address this challenge includes equipment upgrades, new substation and substation upgrades, as well as rebuilding existing transmission lines and the construction of new lines. Earlier this month, PJM approved an additional $1.2 billion in high-voltage transmission system upgrades and improvements to meet the challenging impacts of mother nature, such as Superstorm Sandy, and the ongoing reconfiguration of the grid associated with the shift from coal to natural gas generation. We are also seeing significant growth opportunities throughout Canada and expect this trend to continue for several years. The drivers of transmission and distribution investment in Canada are similar to the United States and also include other drivers, such as the development of new or expanded hydrogeneration facilities, generating power to meet low-growth demands in Canada and for export into the U.S. market. The current level of bidding activity on large transmission projects remains at high levels. For example, during the third quarter, we were selected by PPL to construct approximately 69 miles of 500-kilovolt electric transmission infrastructure through environmentally-sensitive and challenging terrain in Pennsylvania. Work has begun on this project, and we expect to complete the project in the spring of 2015. As the industry leader in North America, we continue to have ongoing discussions with many customers and have good visibility into future opportunities. We anticipate that several large transmission projects will be awarded in the coming months. Keep in mind, for every large transmission project opportunity, there are a significant number of subtransmission and substation project opportunities. Construction associated with projects individually valued at less than $100 million remain strong and we do not anticipate any slowdown in activity for the foreseeable future. Our proprietary Energized Services technology and work methods are being utilized by AEP to perform a 345-kilovolt energized reconductoring transmission project near Corpus Christi, Texas. Quanta is performing this work in an energized state to avoid service outages to AEP's customers during construction. This 66-mile project represents the longest span of transmission line in the United States ever built, while -- ever rebuilt while remaining in an energized state, and is the first of a 5-phase, 266-mile program. The second phase of this project is expected to begin in mid-November and was not reflected in our September 30 backlog. The substantial emergency restoration service work performed in last year's third quarter, as compared to this year's third quarter, was the primary reason for Electric Power segment revenues being down slightly in the quarter. However, excluding the impact of emergency restoration work in both quarters, our electric distribution activity increased in the third quarter, and we expect growth to continue through this year and in 2014. We continue to add distribution crews for existing and new customers. Our distribution workforce has increased 50% over the past 18 months. The major drivers of our distribution services are storm-hardening initiatives, upgrading aging infrastructure and housing recovery in certain parts of the country. Overall, for our Electric Power segment, we believe our current backlog, coupled with project opportunities on the horizon, can lead to double-digit growth opportunities for at least the next 2 years. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues increased substantially this quarter versus the third quarter of last year, and operating income more than doubled from the same period last year, resulting in a significant improvement in operating margin for the segment. We are pleased with the segment's ongoing profitability improvements, as it reflects continued awards, solid execution and contributions from our efforts to expand geographically. Demand for pipeline services to support shale-gathering infrastructure was active in the third quarter and should remain so through the year and for many years to come in the future, as customers continue to invest in the infrastructure needed to support the development of unconventional shales, particularly liquid-rich formations. We have also commenced construction on 2 mainline projects in the third quarter. While these projects started slightly later than anticipated during the quarter, our forecast continues to include an expectation of $100 million in mainline revenues in the second half of this year in North America. Also, as recently announced, Quanta was selected by TransCanada for the Houston Lateral pipeline project. Quanta's Price Gregory operating unit will construct and install approximately 48 miles of 36-inch diameter steel pipe to interconnect TransCanada's Gulf Coast pipeline to refineries in Houston, Texas. Price Gregory has a limited notice to proceed on this project, and we expect the substantial majority of this project to be performed early next year, with completion in the spring of 2014. We remain in active discussions with a number of pipeline companies regarding mainline projects and are bullish on this market. As we have stated in the past, we believe that mainline pipe project awards in the United States, Canada and Australia will continue through and could accelerate in 2014. Subsequent to the quarter, we acquired T.G. Mercer, which is based in Willow Park, Texas. Founded in 1910, Mercer specializes in pipeline logistics for the oil and gas pipeline construction industry. Mercer's field offices are strategically located in and near key shale plays in the United States. Mercer has developed a proprietary pipe-tracking system that enables pipeline owners to effectively track information pertaining to pipe infrastructure from the mill yard to final construction. This system provides pipeline owners with the solution to address growing regulatory concerns regarding traceability of information pertaining to their pipeline infrastructure. Mercer's industry-leading pipeline logistics and proprietary technology, coupled with Quanta's leadership position in pipeline construction, maintenance and integrity services, enhances our turnkey service offering, which we believe is unmatched in our industry. In our Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment, revenues from the quarter decreased about 10% as compared to the prior year due to the fluctuations in telecom service revenues. Within the segment, however, we continue to see strong demand for our fiber optics services across all of our markets and from a wide variety of industries, including health care, media and entertainment, financial services, education and government, as well as wireless and wireline carriers. There's continued appetite for increasing bandwidth for business continuity, cloud computing, data center connectivity and private wide area network services. We continue to invest in our network to expand our service offerings to meet our customer's demands and to capitalize on new opportunities in the marketplace. It's a dynamic time in the industries we serve, and we see a clear opportunity for profitable growth. One of our key strategic objectives is to leverage our leadership position and move into select new geographies and adjacent service lines. Over the years, we have strived to stay 2 to 3 years ahead of industry trends, enabling Quanta to capitalize on opportunities. We have successfully launched our renewable energy engineering, procurement and construction services group in 2008. We acquired a North American leadership position in pipeline construction in 2009. In 2010, we acquired Valard Construction, the leading electric transmission and distribution company in Canada, and we have subsequently completed the acquisition of several other Canadian C&D contractors. We acquired a pigging technology for pipeline integrity services in 2011, and made a sizable acquisition of pipeline -- of a pipeline construction company in Australia in the third quarter of this year. Today, we are announcing an expansion into infrastructure services serving the offshore and inland water energy markets. We believe there are meaningful opportunities for us to penetrate these markets and replicate the services we perform today onshore. We are following several of our existing customers who own assets both onshore and offshore, and we are utilizing Quanta's expanded service offering to secure new customers, both onshore and offshore. Demand offshore pipeline infrastructure services is very similar to that on land, as the vast majority of the thousands of miles of pipeline and the related production facilities are at or beyond their useful life. We believe the continued stringent regulatory environment that has affected our onshore customers will impact the offshore industry and should accelerate customer actions to address aging infrastructure. We believe the offshore oil and gas industry is a growing and vibrant market. However, we believe the infrastructure service providers in the offshore market lack the ability to provide sole-sourced solutions, including differentiated technologies that many customers desire. We see a clear opportunity for Quanta to grow in this market. An integral part of this strategy was Quanta's recent acquisition of Performance Energy Services, or PES, which is headquartered in Houma, Louisiana. PES is a leading specialty contractor to the oil and gas industry, specializing in mechanical installations, fabrication of steel structures, commissioning and decommissioning services and electrical instrumentation services. PES is ISO 9000-certified and serves the Gulf of Mexico market and also has a presence in select international offshore markets, serving U.S. exploration and production companies. In addition to the PES acquisition, Quanta has invested $24 million in certain multipurpose construction vessels to enhance our offshore oil and gas infrastructure strategy. These vessels complement the service offerings of PES, as well as our existing service offerings. The PES and Mercer acquisitions are included in our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment, on examples of our efforts to enhance our comprehensive infrastructure solution offerings for our customers and expand into adjacent markets that we believe will deliver profitable growth for our shareholders. In summary, we had an excellent third quarter. And we expect 2013 to be another record year for Quanta. We believe the momentum continues to build in all of our end markets and we believe there's an opportunity for double-digit growth in 2014. Our employee count at the end of the quarter stood at a record 21,000 employees, up 18% from the beginning of this year. I want to thank our employees for their dedication to safety and their hard work. I believe we have the very best employees in the industry, and our people are the key to our past and future success. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his financial review of the third quarter. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.65 billion for the third quarter of 2013 compared to $1.53 billion from the prior year's third quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 7% quarter-over-quarter. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the quarter was $92.9 million or $0.43 per diluted share, as compared to $83.6 million or $0.39 per diluted share in the third quarter of last year. Included in our results for the third quarters of 2013 and 2012 were the release of income tax contingencies of approximately $6.6 million and $5.2 million of income, or a net benefit of $0.03 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2013 and a net benefit of $0.02 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2012. Both were due to the expiration of various federal and state statute of limitations periods and settlement of certain income tax audits. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, as calculated in today's press release, was $0.46 for the third quarter of 2013 and grew approximately 10% as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.42 for the third quarter of 2012. The growth in consolidated revenues in the third quarter of 2013 was primarily due to a 40% increase in revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment, partially offset by a 4% decrease in revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. Our consolidated gross margin increased to 16.6% in the third quarter of 2013 from 16.4% in 3Q '12. The increase in gross margin was primarily a result of improved performance and an increase in revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment in this year's third quarter as compared to last year's third quarter. This increase was partially offset by a $57 million quarter-over-quarter decrease in higher-margin electric power emergency restoration services revenues. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $124.9 million, reflecting an increase of $10.4 million as compared to last year's third quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $6.5 million of higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with increased levels of operating activity and profitability. Also contributing to the overall increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was approximately $4.1 million in incremental and administrative costs related to acquired companies. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses increased slightly to 7.6% in the third quarter of 2013 from 7.5% in the third quarter of 2012. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense remained constant at 9% for 3Q '13 and 3Q '12. Amortization of intangible assets decreased from $10.3 million in 3Q '12 to $7 million in the third quarter of 2013, primarily due to reduced amortization expense from previously acquired intangible assets as certain of these assets became fully amortized, partially offset by amortization of additional intangible assets associated with the 2013 acquisitions. To further discuss our segment results, the Electric Power segment's revenues were $1.05 billion, reflecting a decrease of $40.2 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 4%. Revenues were negatively impacted by a $57-million decrease quarter-over-quarter in emergency restoration services, with approximately $18.6 million occurring in the third quarter of 2013 compared to $75.1 million occurring in the third quarter of 2012. Additionally, revenues during the quarter were negatively impacted by a decline in activity related to renewable energy projects, as the prior year's third quarter had substantial contributions from a large-scale solar project. In the third quarter of 2013, we neared completion on some smaller renewable projects, but due to the lumpiness on projects in this area, we've had few new awards. These decreases were partially offset by higher revenues associated with the electric power transmission and distribution projects that resulted primarily from increased capital spending by our customers. Also included in the overall increase in revenues for the third quarter of 2013 were approximately $27.5 million in revenues from companies acquired in 2013. 12-month and total backlog increased both quarter-over-quarter and sequentially for the Electric Power segment. Sequentially, 12-month backlog increased by 9% from the end of the second quarter of 2013, and total backlog for the segment is at a record $5.32 billion. Contributing to the increase in backlog is roughly $100 million from acquisitions in the third quarter. In addition, backlog increased due to incremental transmission awards, as well as the renewal of certain master service agreements.  Operating margin in the Electric Power segment decreased to 11.7% in the third quarter of 2013 as compared to 12.6% in last year's third quarter, primarily due to the lower levels of higher-margin emergency restoration services in the current period, as well as last year's third quarter being positively impacted by higher-margin contributions from the large-scale solar project, which did not occur in -- recur in the current period. Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by 40% to $552.4 million in 3Q '13, primarily as a result of increased revenues from projects related to unconventional shale developments in certain regions of North America. Revenues for the third quarter of 2013 were also favorably impacted by the contribution of approximately $56 million in revenues from the acquisition of Nacap in late July, 2013. Operating income for the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment, as a percentage of revenues, increased to 9% in 3Q '13 from 5.9% in 3Q '12. The increase is due primarily to continued successful execution on higher revenues, the combination of mainline activity from Nacap and, to a lesser extent, the start of the mainline projects that Jim referenced earlier, as well as the overall increase in segment revenues, which improved this segment's ability to cover fixed and overhead costs. Similar to the Electric Power segment, backlog is higher both quarter-over-quarter and sequentially for the pipeline segment, with 12-month and total backlog increasing 34.8% and 8.2% compared to the end of the second quarter of 2013. These increases are primarily due to backlog associated with the Nacap acquisition. Also, as we've commented before, Keystone XL is not in any of the backlog figures presented for our pipeline segment. Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment revenues were down $4.8 million or 10% to $44.4 million in 3Q '13 as compared to $49.2 million in 3Q '12, primarily due to lower levels of ancillary telecommunication service revenues. However, operating margin increased to approximately 31.8% in 3Q '13 as compared to 30.7% in 3Q '12, as a result of a larger proportion of Fiber Optic Licensing revenues earned during 3Q '13, which yield higher margins than the ancillary telecommunications and wireless infrastructure projects underway in 3Q '12. When calculating operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segment. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effects of such expenses. Corporate and unallocated costs decreased $3.5 million in the third quarter of 2013 as compared to 3Q '12, primarily as a result of a $3.3-million reduction in amortization expense as previously acquired intangible assets became fully amortized, partially offset by amortization related to 2013 acquisitions. EBITA for the third quarter of 2013 was $141.8 million or 8.6% of revenues compared to $132.8 million or 8.7% of revenues for the third quarter of 2012. Adjusted EBITDA was $185.8 million or 11.3% of revenues for the third quarter of 2013 compared to $171.4 million or 11.2% of revenues for the third quarter of 2012. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and day sales outstanding or DSOs, can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was approximately $83 million for the third quarter of 2013 as compared to cash used of $47 million for the third quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures net of proceeds from equipment sales were about $47 million, resulting in approximately $37 million in free cash flow for the third quarter of 2013. This compares to $112 million in negative free cash flow for the third quarter of 2012. Also during the third quarter of 2013, we acquired J.W. Didado Electric and Nacap Australia in unrelated transactions, which included the use of approximately $118 million in net cash. The improvement in operating cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter was primarily due to higher overall levels of operating activity and performance improvements, as well as decreased working capital requirements on certain projects during the 2013 period as compared to the 2012 period. Our DSOs were 82 days at September 30, 2013, compared to 93 days at June 30, 2013, and 91 days at September 30, 2012. Contributing to the decrease in DSOs was the favorable impact of 9 days from reclassifying the change order receivable balance of $165 million on the Sunrise Powerlink project from current assets to other long-term assets. Since completion of the project, Power Electric, a Quanta subsidiary, and SDG&E have had ongoing meetings to review project scope, costs and performance criteria in order to reach resolution on the additional work performed and pricing of our change order. As of early October, we were unsuccessful in agreeing on the amount owed to par, and as a result, have recently agreed to submit the change order to formal arbitration as per the contract. While the total change order being pursued by Quanta with respect to this matter is higher than the amount presented on Quanta's balance sheet, management has taken a more conservative position with respect to its financial statements and continues to believe that the company will be successful in collecting the amount recognized. At September 30, 2013, we had about $226 million in letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program, and we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $309 million in cash, with approximately $184 million of the balance related to foreign operations. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $783 million in total liquidity as of September 30, 2013. As Jim previously commented, subsequent to the end of the third quarter, we completed 2 additional acquisitions in our pipeline segment for an aggregate combined consideration of approximately $181 million, of which approximately $125 million was paid with cash on hand and short-term borrowings under the credit facility. In consideration of Quanta's acquisition strategy and continued approach to leveraging our balance sheet capacity on larger-scale infrastructure projects, we also amended our revolving credit facility yesterday to increase our availability under the facility to $1.325 billion and extended the maturity date to October 30, 2018. Concerning our outlook for 2013. We expect revenues for the fourth quarter of 2013 to range between $1.65 billion and $1.75 billion, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $0.39 to $0.41 on a GAAP basis. Included in our estimate of GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2013 is a net tax benefit of approximately $0.02 per share associated with the release of certain income tax contingencies due to the expiration of certain statute of limitation periods during the fourth quarter. In addition, the company's outlook for the fourth quarter of 2013 continues to reflect nominal emergency restoration service revenues as compared to the fourth quarter of 2012, which included record emergency restoration service revenues of $130 million. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.67 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.48 in the third quarter of 2012, which also included a $2.7 million benefit from the release of income tax contingencies impacting the prior year fourth quarter by $0.01 per diluted share. Our GAAP EPS forecast for the fourth quarter of 2013 includes an estimate of $7.6 million for noncash compensation expenses and $9.5 million for amortization expense. Excluding these expenses and the impact of income tax contingency releases, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2013 are expected to be $0.42 to $0.44, and compared to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.51 in the fourth quarter of 2012. This non-GAAP measure is estimated on a basis similar to the calculations of historical adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in our release. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interests to be approximately $4 million to $5 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. And for additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be around 33% for the fourth quarter and our diluted share count to be about 217 million shares. We expect CapEx for all of 2013 to be approximately $260 million to $270 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing and Other segment of about $45 million to $50 million, as well as an increase associated with the $24 million in vessels Jim previously discussed. This compares to CapEx from continuing operations for 2012 of about $209 million. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from William Bremer from Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Can we talk a little bit on pricing, what's currently in your backlog now for each segment? Has that been improving sequentially or has it been improving year-over-year? Just give a little sense on the pricing power of the end markets that you are working on now.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure, Bill. This is Derrick. Relative to pricing, we like to look at things as though we have the same level of pricing discipline throughout. So what I would say is, the margins we're seeing in backlog today are comparable to the margins that you've seen in both the Electric Power and in the pipeline segment.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. Now let's go into international. Can we get an update on Australia? This something a little bit out of -- a little bit on the newer side in terms of your business mix, what you're seeing there? And then also, touch base on the offshore opportunity for you, given -- and give us a sense of what is the current capacity that you could do there. And I'm sure you'll be investing with that continuously as projects come up, but a little more granularity would be appreciated.
James F. O'Neil: Okay. First Australia, Bill. We're seeing similar drivers that we're seeing in the U.S., probably more so than in the U.S. and in Canada. There's significant opportunity to build out the pipeline infrastructure and certainly, we're at or ahead of schedule on where we expected to be when we made the acquisitions. So things are moving along nicely there. As far as the offshore environment, what we're trying to do is replicate the services that we're performing on land today, offshore. The main reason we're doing that is some of our primary customers that we're doing work for on their pipeline infrastructure and facilities on land have asked us to move into the offshore environment, because they don't feel they've got a viable solution with the amount of work that they've got going forward. We thought Performance Energy is an excellent company that has a strong management team and customer relations, that has differentiating services in the Gulf, primarily, today, and certain international markets. And we're going to leverage that with some of our technologies in-house, such as our integrity services, our engineering capabilities and program management to build that business. So we're very excited about that opportunity. Certainly, we're just getting our toe on the water on that and we'll just take it slowly and build opportunities with our customers as they present themselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from Will Gabrielski with Lazard Capital.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: As you look at the offshore market, I guess, can you comment, it sounds like your -- the part of the market that you want to address is fairly fragmented from your comments. Is that true? And how do you view this work? I mean, is it more MSA-style work and recurring opportunity or will it be discrete projects?
James F. O'Neil: A significant part of what PES does today is MSA work. It's recurring revenue with margins that are actually better than what we do in our core business today. And then there are other parts of that business that are adjacencies, that are highly fragmented, that lack technology and the sole-source solution that we see an opportunity to provide going forward.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then can you give us some color on up in the Canadian market? Just over the past 48 hours, a few big oil sands projects were sanctioned and there seems to be some pipelines associated with those. How that market is shaping up on the pipeline side for you and what the opportunity and competitive landscape looks like?
James F. O'Neil: Well, the competitive landscape there is less than the U.S. because they just don't have been the industry capacity in Canada that they do in the lower 48, and we anticipated that the Canadian pipeline market was going to be strong in the future years. That's one of the reasons that we've been bullish on our commentary. And the recent announcements that you've seen, I believe you're referring to the [indiscernible] announcement that just came out, is the primary -- one of the drivers. So we have a significant presence in Canada. I would -- I think that we're probably one of the leading, if not the leading, contractor in Canada and we're well-positioned to take advantage of those opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question is in regards to, Jim, something you said about 2014. Typically, you guys are pretty conservative as you look out, but, I guess, backlog has grown fairly notably. So could you elaborate a bit on that double-digit quantitative commentary you gave on 2014? Is that in regard to what you think the revenues can do or whether that -- the earnings growth you see going into next year? And really what gives you the confidence you seem to be indicating in regards to that?
James F. O'Neil: Well, Tahira, we're seeing continued momentum in all of our -- all portions of our business. So we see top line growth. We see solid execution, which we've demonstrated over the past several years. Derrick talked about backlog and the margins in backlog. So everything is leading toward a growth year in all aspects of our bottom line and revenue growth and so forth. So we're excited about the opportunities going forward. That's why we've been bullish as early as we -- typically, we're not bullish until February about these comments. But we just see clear visibility going forward into '14 today than we have in the past this time going into any given year.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And the second question I had was really in regards to the acquisition commentary. Jim, it seems like you -- with the capacity, increasing your revolver, perhaps, and your commentary today, you're looking at doing something more sizable as you go into 2014. Could you give us -- make us a little more comfortable around the offshore opportunities you might be looking at there? We kind of have a mixed record in terms of some of the offshore names we cover because the pipeline from the subsea side sometimes tend to have most -- more risk associated with them. So anything on the risk side would be helpful.
James F. O'Neil: Well, let me be clear that the expansion of the credit facility is not associated with our movement to offshore. We made comments that we're going to take it slow and steady moving into the offshore environment. The expansion of the credit facility is for the typical reasons that we mentioned in the past. It's working capital in all segments of our business as we continue to grow, and it's capital for -- it's capital for acquisitions across all segments, as well as CapEx for growth. Those are the primary reasons, but it's not because we're trying to make some big play into oil and gas. That is not accurate, whatsoever, and I'm glad you asked that question because I'm sure there's some concerns about that out there. But that's not what the use of that credit facility is for.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify your comments on the margins in the bookings as book margins in pipeline and transmission segment. Did you say that they were consistent with third quarter margins? And I have a follow-up.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, our margins that we're seeing in backlog or in the pipeline segment are consistent with the historical bidding margins that we have. So from your perspective of -- we target 9% to 12% from an operating perspective, which is inclusive of the costs that we incurred, but that's not necessarily representative of the margins that we're bidding. But the margins that you see from the bidding side of the equation and what's in backlog are consistent with our bidding approach historically.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then can you just talk a little bit about the transmission segment, how your book-to-bill would look like in the U.S. versus Canada. And also, your expectations for growth in 2014 with these markets?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, we continue to see opportunities in the U.S. and Canada comparable. I think that the growth rate in Canada has the ability to maybe be at slightly higher, simply because of the fact that it's growing on a smaller base. But the overall award activity we see between the U.S. and Canada is comparable. And then I think the second part of your question was really as it relates to '14. I think that we continue to see margins within the segment, specific Electric Power, in that 9% to 12% range that we continue to see throughout this year. You're seeing it in that performance of the 11% range. But as we look forward, I continue to say that, overall, a 9% to 12% is what we feel comfortable with.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of -- question one, on the quarter specifically. It was fairly a good quarter, the revenues were sort of at the low-end of what you guided. Can you just talk about was there anything different than your expectation? The Electric Power revenues struck me as a little light relative to what I thought, but I don't know if that was just me. And then, I guess, just my second question, again on the Electric Power margin, is there any reasons -- if we look at the margins in the first 9 months relative to where you were last year, I understand that there's less storm work. But as I look to sort of 2014, is there any reason, structurally, assuming that execution margins couldn't exceed or be more towards the higher end of the range or does like mix from distribution or smaller projects sort of bring the margin profile down [indiscernible]?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Jamie, relative to the revenues, we did have some delay from the third quarter out associated with some of the transmission work up in Canada. It got a little bit later start than we anticipated. On a consolidated basis, we also had a little bit of delay on mainline. It came through -- those few projects started 3 to 4 weeks, a little bit later than what we had anticipated. So that's somewhat what pushed some of the revenues out and ended up putting us at the lower end of our revenue guidance. When thinking about '14 and the margins, as I said earlier, we continue to look at the 9% to 12%. Do I think that we could be at the higher end of that range throughout? From a normal perspective. I would say yes. But as you then, you talked about the growth of distribution. Distribution historically may have been at a little bit lower margins, but we continue to push ourselves into additional program management solutions and we're providing additional solutions to our customers, which is moving us up the value chain with them on the distribution side. So I think that we actually look at being able to push the margins and distribution up a little bit more than what we've seen historically.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Jim, on the electric transmission bigger prospects you mentioned in the next few months, what's driving the confidence in those projects and timing? Have they gotten all the regulatory and permitting issues behind them?
James F. O'Neil: There are some projects that are in the final stages of trying to get permitting, and that's just -- we see that on every project, which could affect the timing, whether it gets awarded at the end of this year or in the first quarter of next year. But we do see 2 to 3 big projects that could be coming out here in the near term that -- we don't expect any major hurdles for those projects to be -- to move toward construction in '14.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then on the pipeline, we're heading into what was the more traditional bidding season for the larger pipelines. Do you think that seasonality still holds for some of these bigger mainlines? And what's your base case for when we could see more of these mainlines get awarded?
James F. O'Neil: Well, we said it past that really this traditional bidding season that we historically have seen over the past, probably last year and this year, has really kind of gone away. It's kind of like a year-round process now that occurs. So there's really no bidding season. It's more having discussion with customers on these bigger programs and they could be lighted anytime during the year. So I wouldn't focus so much on the bidding season anymore. It's just not -- that dynamic just isn't occurring like it did, as it has historically.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: You've touched on this question a little bit already. But in the new business, in the offshore stuff, you kind of mentioned that it's MSA or maybe it's MSA-like. Does that mean it's not fixed pricing, it's done on a reimbursable basis? I just want to get a little bit better sense of what that risk profile looks like.
James F. O'Neil: Well, a lot of it is crews that are working on these production platforms, maintaining the engineering, the -- excuse me, the electrification and instrumentation and mechanical maintenance of the platform. So those folks are typically on some type of fixed-fee basis that -- on a 7-day on, 7-off basis or whatever. It's year-round work. It's MSA work that the margins are predictable, and they're certainly accretive to the company as we stand today.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then, you mentioned that in the -- I guess, in the electric segment that there's an MSA renewal. You don't see that every quarter, was that -- how much is the MSA backlog up sequentially? Maybe just give us a better sense of how much the MSA contribution helps -- was contributing to backlog this quarter.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I don't know that I'd say how much the MSA backlog was up per se, but I'll tell you that of the non-acquisition-related backlog, the remaining piece was probably roughly half of it was MSA work and most of that was in the beyond '12 period.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Mannes from Avondale.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick follow-up questions. First, you mentioned, Jim, in your prepared comments that you picked up the work from PPL. Without going into the details of this one, can you talk a little bit about maybe historical precedent for replacing other contractors, number one, and your positioning there? And then secondly, why would that occur in the first place, without specifically talking about this one?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, it's difficult to get into that. I mean, we don't typically know the reasons why we get put on projects, because why other people might get replaced, I mean, it could be of various -- there could be various reasons for that. So I don't want to get into that, Dan. I mean, I -- what's exciting for us is that we were called in to help finish the project, and I believe we're doing very well on that project. We're ahead of schedule and we're excited to build that relationship with PPL and do more work for them going forward.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I just wanted to see if this was something that had happened in the past to other contractors and if this had been something you've been a beneficiary, not just this time, but maybe historically as well.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, we've -- I mean, we've replaced folks in the past on projects. And that's happened recently over the last several years because of the uptick in work. Labor is tight, the experienced leadership is tight and certainly some of these projects are becoming more difficult to complete, because there's aggressive time frames, it's more difficult terrain and more populated areas. So certainly, that's in our sweet spot from an execution standpoint, and we have replaced contractors over the last several years to finish projects.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Thalhimer from BB&T Capital.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Jim, I just wanted to ask you about -- you've talked about this in the past, your strategy in the pipeline business was to, I think, let others fill up on the early work, thinking that might be lower margin and then hold back some capacity for the later bidding. I just -- maybe you could reflect on kind of that strategy and where you are in that cycle?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. Adam, I don't know if that's exactly right. I mean, I think what we do is we're disciplined on pricing. And we've got several of our customers that we have more strategic relationships with that have more difficult builds in geographic areas where we typically excel, that have come out later than some of the other projects that came out earlier, a couple of -- again, earlier last year. So it's just the timing of when projects in certain geographical areas come up and when our key customers start their build programs more than waiting and holding capacity. Certainly, if there's a project for anyone that meets our margin profiles, we're going to take advantage of that opportunity.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then the second question, I wanted to ask about the -- Jim, your long-term outlook for offshore oil and gas. And, I guess, the question for me is how did the production costs offshore compare to the production cost onshore because -- and I don't know much about offshore, but you would just think that with all the development of onshore that offshore would be in secular decline. But maybe that's totally false, I really don't know.
James F. O'Neil: Well, let me just -- I want to say this again. We're not changing the profile of the company, okay? We're taking advantage of it in an adjacent market opportunity. So this isn't any big shift in strategy. It's a natural progression as we follow our customers into an opportunity that we believe we can execute on. When you look at the cost profile of this business, certainly, we believe that it's going to be more profitable than our core business today, and PES is a good example of that. Their margins are higher than our core business today, and their return on invested capital is higher than our margins today. I just want to make another comment that our primary service is not to be a marine support -- to provide customers with marine support activities. We see opportunities to provide solutions using technology and leverage our capabilities in-house today, and the marine vessels are just one aspect of supporting that, okay? And this is going to be very limited. I mean, we're not going to -- we're not going out to buy a bunch of vessels. We're here to support our customers in providing solutions that we don't believe are in place today, where our customers have comfort that there's a contractor that can provide those solutions today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Irwin with Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: So in your outlook statement in your release, you lead off with an indication that there might be some regulatory or permitting risks in the fourth quarter. My understanding is previously you had looked to include a little of these potential risks in your guidance. Can you comment as far as whether or not anything's changed or if there's anything specific or unique that you're looking at in the fourth quarter and why would -- you would choose to put something in versus out, given that there might be a little bit of risk?
James F. O'Neil: Craig, we usually put that statement in our outlook every quarter. It's just the nature of -- our customers always have delays, projects never start on time. That's been like that for decades. And I don't see anything material or different. In fact, I think the environment is probably better today than it's been in quite some time. But we deal with delays all the time, and we have 2 or 3 of our the big transmission projects that are delayed right now. But people don't see that because we're on 16 major transmission projects. But delay is just something that we have to deal with, our customers have to deal with, and that's why it's in the outlook. And it will be in there in the future as well.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. Great. And then the next question is really just a housekeeping question. Can you maybe share with us the mainline gas contribution in the quarter to bookings, revenue, backlog and where we stand on those numbers?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, we don't typically get into the specifics of the quantification of how much revenue came from that subsegment. And then in relation to backlog, I'm not certain I understood your question. I think you're just asking kind of how much of the incremental awards were mainline?
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes, that would directly answer it, yes.
Derrick A. Jensen: Okay. Well, as it stands right now, we also don't go through and really get into that level of detail on the specifics of kind of how mainline works, but our mainline is a component of that. But the reality is that the increase in backlog quarter-over-quarter is really all associated with Nacap within the pipeline group, and Nacap's revenues are historically mainline.
James F. O'Neil: Craig, TransCanada's not in backlog yet since that was announced subsequent to the quarter. So that will be added at the end of fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Rogers with Davidson.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jim, could you talk a little bit about where you are on the pipeline capacity utilization? I mean, Derrick, you mentioned that you're pretty disciplined on pricing, but you've seen margins climb quite a bit. And is that just better utilization of what you have? And kind of where are we and how much excess capacity do you still have going into 2014?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I wouldn't say we have excess capacity right now. I mean, if you remember, we deployed our field leadership into the shales, and we've been very active in the shales doing gathering work. We probably generated over $1 billion in gathering revenues. And now the mainline work is beginning to accelerate and that does help, obviously, leverage some of the fixed costs we have on specialized pipeline, large-diameter pipeline handling equipment. So certainly, we have the ability to expand the spreads that we have to take advantage of opportunities. Strategically we've been planning this move in -- the increase in mainline activity while remaining in the shales, working for the customers we're working for today. So I wouldn't say that we've got excess capacity sitting around though. But certainly, we have an opportunity to take advantage of mainline price as it comes out over the next several years.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: But, Jim, if you can expand the spreads, not an exact number, but can you give us a sense of how much more work you can do with your capacity that you have now? I mean, I'm thinking about with TransCanada, hopefully, starts up and -- or that Keystone starts up.
James F. O'Neil: We have 9 to 12 spreads of capacity in the lower 48. And right now, we're on a couple of jobs. So certainly we can -- we've got the capacity to move -- to take on more opportunities in the lower 48. We've certainly got Australia, don't forget about that. I mean, Australia and Canada, there's certainly opportunities for growth there, too. We have capacity in those areas as well to take advantage of growth opportunities. So we're well positioned to take advantage of growth. We -- if there's an opportunity, being the largest specialized contractor in the industry, if there's a will there's a way. We'll be able to man those projects. We're not concerned right now about having limitations on pursuing additional work. We're not going to turn down work for our key customers or any project that has margins that meet our profile.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Rygiel with FBR.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Very excited about the backlog growth. Very excited about the pipeline margins being the highest in the last couple of years. And obviously, your commentary about bidding in the next quarter or so with regards to transmission and pipeline, all very bullish. You've answered most of the questions out there. But I did want to find out a little bit more color on the timing of the Sunrise arbitration. How should we think about that over the next 6 to 12 months?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, to the extent that we've moved it noncurrent, that's a direct statement that we're not anticipating any settlement within the next 12 months. I would think, in my own mind, that it's probably something in the 18- to 24-month time frame.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: That's perfect. And then, Jim, as it relates to sort of other acquisitions in the offshore arena, sort of in the near term, is that something we should be expecting or is this initial acquisition sort of an acquisition that you're going to use to sort of test the waters for the next year or 2 to see how much further you want to go?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I think the latter is more accurate. I mean, PES is a nice platform to grow on. We may do some smaller selective-type acquisitions, but it's going to be more around technology-driven opportunities versus trying to build more mass. I don't see any big acquisitions in oil and gas in the near future.
Operator: Your next question comes with a line of Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I actually wanted to start off with a few housekeeping questions. So first on the pipeline backlog, I know you talked about most of the growth coming from acquired operations. But could you just talk -- could you give us the exact number of -- amount of acquired backlog in both the next 12 months and total in pipeline?
Derrick A. Jensen: On the pipeline side, I would say that actually, it's -- if I'm not mistaken, I think most of the components of the 12-month and beyond are effectively from the acquisition of Nacap, probably in the $150 million range.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then when you look at the acquisition-related expenses that hit the quarter, did that fall into the electrical segment or did it fall into kind of unallocated corporate?
Derrick A. Jensen: It will fall in unallocated.
Operator: Your next question comes from Martin Malloy with Johnson Rice.
Martin W. Malloy - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: I was wondering, could you talk a little bit more on the -- and John Rogers asked this question, but a little bit more on the margin -- potential margin increases? You have more consistent work on the large-diameter pipeline. So I'm just trying to get a feel for, is there a couple of hundred basis points of upside potential there as you more fully utilize your equipment?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, in general, I mean, we look at the pipeline segment being able to get back into a 9% to 12% operating margin to the extent that more mainline work is provided. We reached the 9% level this quarter. We did have the contribution of the mainline work with Nacap and a little bit of mainline work here in the U.S. For us to get into that true 9% to 12% range on a recurring basis, we think that we're going to need to have some level of recurring mainline work. And I -- as we look at 2014 with some of the projections that Jim has talked about, we think that we have that opportunity.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil for closing comments.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank all of you for participating in our third quarter 2013 conference call. And we appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Vice President of Investor Relations James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and President of Infrasource FI LLC Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call on the 1st of August 2013. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Carolyn, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review second quarter 2013 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you'd like to have Quanta Services news release and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. In addition, Quanta has an Investor Relations app for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices, which is available for free at Apple's App Store and the Google Play. The Quanta Investor Relations app allows users to navigate the company's Investor Relations materials including the latest press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audiocast conference calls and stock price information. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 1, 2013 and therefore, you advised that any time sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thank you, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta's second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our second quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Quanta continues to execute at a higher level. Our second quarter results reflect strong demand for our services and solid project execution. For the quarter, revenues increased approximately 6% and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased about 22% compared to the same quarter last year. At quarter end, total backlog increased approximately 10% from last year's second quarter to a record $7.51 billion. Our Electric Power segment continued to experience increased demand for electric transmission and distribution services. As we have discussed on our earnings calls for some time now, the electric power industry is investing at record levels to upgrade and modernize North America's power grid. Regulations to improve Red reliability, renewable interconnections, the impact of coal to gas generation switching and other industry dynamics should continue to drive the power industry's investments and electric infrastructure over the next several years. We have good visibility into a number of large transmission project opportunities through 2014 that we believe continues to provide a platform for growth. While we have some projects nearing completion, we have plans to mobilize resources to projects in California, Canada and the northeast United States. That current level of bidding activity on large transmission projects is at a level comparable to last year and at this time. We continue to believe the transmission market will be very active through 2014 and beyond, and revenue growth is likely, but we may experience short-term cyclicality quarter-over-quarter, due to the timing of project awards and project start dates. In addition, smaller transmission project activity remains strong, primarily driven by the electrification of shale gas fields and subtransmission interconnections off the major [indiscernible] transmission project built over the past several years. Our electric distribution activity continue to increase in the second quarter, and we expect this growth to continue throughout this year and 2014. We continue to add distribution crews for customers where we have existing master service agreements and are signing new agreements with customers on a regular basis. In general, our customers are increasingly focused on distribution asset management initiatives such as reliability and Smart Grid [indiscernible], as well as great hardening programs in response to Hurricane Sandy and other major storms that significantly impacted power infrastructure last year. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues grew 14% this quarter versus the second quarter of last year and operating income increased over 80% versus the same period, resulting in a significant improvement in operating margin for the segment. We are pleased with the segment's improved profitability in the second quarter and we expect this trend to continue year-over-year. Demand for pipeline services to support shale gathering infrastructure was active in the second quarter and should remain so throughout the year and for many years into the future, as customers continue to invest in infrastructure needed to support the development of unconventional shales, particularly liquid rich shale formations. As highlighted in our earnings release this morning, during the second quarter, we were awarded approximately $550 million of mainline pipe projects from 4 customers. While we can't get into much detail about the customers or the projects, we estimate approximately $100 million of these revenues should be realized in 2013 and the remaining revenue should be realized in 2014 and into 2015. We are currently in discussions with these customers and other customers regarding additional mainline projects and are actively bidding on mainline work for 2013 and beyond. We continue to believe that the mainline project awards for the industry will be active this year and could accelerate in 2014. We consider our people to be the most experienced in the industry and with approximately 1/3 of the industries mainline pipeline construction capacity, we believe we are well positioned to assist our customers in meeting their growing energy infrastructure capital plans over the coming years. In our Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment, revenues for the quarter decreased marginally over the prior period due to fluctuations in telecom services revenues. Within the segment, however, Fiber Optic Licensing activities are growing steadily with sustained margins and we continue to see solid demand for our networks in the markets we serve. After the second quarter, we closed on the acquisition of 2 excellent companies: J.W. Didado Electric and Nacap Australia. J.W. Didado Electric is a full-service electric per contractor headquartered in Akron, Ohio and founded in 1958. Didado was a multi-generation family-owned business with strong customer relationships, a sterling reputation and an excellent management team. Didado brings Quanta an enhanced presence in the Midwest and along the East Coast, and Quanta will provide Didado with the financial and operational resources it needs to take its business to the next level. Nacap Australia was founded in 1984 and is based in Victoria, Australia. Nacap is a leading energy infrastructure contractor that primarily provides pipeline construction and related services to Australia's oil, gas, water and power industries. The company performed services across the continent and has a customer base consisting of Australia's major energy developers. Nacap is led by a strong management team with deep experience and strong relationships in the Australian infrastructure markets. Nacap's reputation in the industry, their safety record and the company culture they've created has made this company a preferred employer in the industry in Australia. We believe Australia is an attractive market for Quanta to continue to expand and for years to come. The Australian market represents one of the most dynamic energy markets in the world, with coal steam gas, LNG and potential shale gas developments. It is also economically and politically stable and is a U.S. friendly country with similar culture and rules of law. In addition, Australia is in proximity to a large growing economies in Asia such as China, which has significant energy resource demands that Australia can help supply over the long term. More than $160 billion of LNG energy infrastructure is currently under construction in Australia. Australia also has a number of shale plays that have yet to be developed. According to the Energy Information Administration, Australia has the world's 7th largest potential shale gas resource and the 6th largest potential shale oil resource. The development of these shale resources could provide significant energy infrastructure opportunities for Nacap and Quanta in the future. As we discussed in our earnings release, we have adjusted our full-year 2013 guidance. We increased the lower end and upper end of our guidance, primarily due to the strong performance of our field operations in the first half of the year and better visibility into the remainder of this year. We continue to reflect prudent expectations in our financial forecast, particularly in the fourth quarter, as the timing of electric transmission and mainline pipeline awards construction start dates and seasonality can impact our overall financial performance. Consistent with our previous approach, we do not have any uncommitted mainline pipe construction revenues in our guidance for the remainder of 2013. While we believe there are opportunities for Quanta to book additional mainline work that could start construction this year, we will not include any mainline projects in guidance until we have signed contracts and a firm construction start date. In summary, we had an excellent second quarter, and we are pleased with the momentum we see in our business for the rest of this year and beyond. We continue to believe we are in a multi-year energy infrastructure investment cycle that we remain well positioned in our leadership role in the industries reserve. We will continue to leverage this leadership position and execute on our strategic initiatives to grow both organically and through selective acquisitions as we actively pursue opportunities to expand the solutions we offer to our customers. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his financial review of the second quarter. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.47 billion for the second quarter of 2013 compared to $1.39 billion in the prior year second quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 6% quarter-over-quarter. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock in the quarter was $70.2 million or $0.33 per diluted share as compared to $57.9 million or $0.27 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. Although in our previous guidance, included in our results for the second quarter of 2013 was approximately $4.3 million of expense or $0.01 per diluted share related to the accelerated vesting of equity-based awards associated with John Colson's retirement as Quanta's Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors effective May 23, 2013. The growth and consolidated revenues in the second quarter of 2013 was led by a 14% increase in revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline Services segment, followed by 4% growth in our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. Our consolidated gross margin increased to 16.4% in the second quarter of 2013 from 15.4% in 2Q 2012. This improvement was primarily driven by the second quarter performance of our pipelines segment as compared to last year's second quarter, as well as the impact of higher overall revenues, which improved our ability to cover fixed operating costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $119 million, reflecting an increase of $13.8 million as compared to last year's second quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $10.8 million in higher salary and incentive compensation cost, associated with increased levels of operating activity and profitability and includes a $4.3 million noncash compensation charge I spoke of earlier. Also contributing to the overall increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was approximately $2.7 million in higher cost associated with our ongoing phenology and business development initiatives. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 8.1% in the second quarter of 2013 from 7.6% in the second quarter of 2012. Excluding the $4.3 million noncash compensation charge from 2Q '13, our SG&A percentage would have been 7.8%. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization [ph] expense increased to 8.3% in 2Q '13 from 7.8% in 2Q '12. Amortization of intangible assets decreased from $9.3 million in 2Q '12 to $5.1 million in the second quarter of 2013, as certain of these assets became fully amortized, partially offset by increased amortization of intangibles associated with the small business acquisition during the first quarter of 2013. To further discuss our segment results, the Electric Power segment's revenues were $1.05 billion, reflecting an increase of $40.3 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 4%. Revenues during the quarter were positively impacted by higher revenues associated with Electric Power Transmission and Distribution projects, which resulted primarily from increased capital spending by our customers. This increase is partially offset by lower revenues related to renewable energy projects as certain projects near completion during the second quarter of 2013 with limited new awards. Revenues from emergency restoration services increased quarter-over-quarter with approximately $26.1 million occurring in the second quarter of 2013, compared to $12.5 million occurring in the second quarter of 2012. At the end of the second quarter, 12 months backlog for the Electric Power segment decreased 4% to $2.68 billion as compared to the second quarter of 2012. Sequentially, 12 months backlog decreased slightly by 3% from the end of the first quarter of 2013 due in part to burn on certain electric transmission and renewable projects during the second quarter of 2013. Total backlog for this segment remains strong at $4.94 billion and we continued to expect substantial project award activity in future periods. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment increased to 11.5% in the second quarter of 2013 as compared to 11% in last year's second quarter. Natural Gas and Pipelines segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by 14% to $385.9 million in 2Q '13, primarily as a result of increased revenues from projects related to unconventional shale developments in certain regions of North America. Operating income for the natural gas and pipeline segment as a percentage of revenues increased to 7.2% in 2Q '13 from 4.5% in 2Q '12, primarily due to continued performance improvement and more favorable project condition, as well as the overall increase in segment revenues, which improved the segment's ability to cover fixed and overhead cost. At the end of the second quarter of 2013, 12 months in total backlog for this segment increased about 16.9% and 47.3%, respectively, compared to the end of the second quarter of 2012. As we've commented before, Keystone XL is not in any of the backlog figures presented for our pipeline segment. Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment revenues were down $0.4 million or 1% to $42.1 million in 2Q '13 as compared to $42.5 million in 2Q '12. Additionally, operating margin decreased to approximately 34% in 2Q '13 as compared to 36.3% in 2Q '12, primarily due to fluctuations in telecom project activity, as well as slightly higher overhead cost incurred in the 3 months ended June 30, 2013. From calculating operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effects of such expenses. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $2.7 million in the second quarter of 2013 as compared to 2Q '12, primarily as a result of the $4.3 million noncash compensation charge and $1.7 million in higher professional fees associated with ongoing technology development cost and business development initiatives discussed earlier. These increases are partially offset by reduced amortization expense of $4.2 million from previously acquired intangible assets that became fully amortized. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations as calculated in today's press release was $0.38 for the second quarter of 2013 as compared to an adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.32 for 2Q '12. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was approximately $118 million for the second quarter of 2013 as compared to cash provided of $108 million for the second quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures, net of proceeds from equipment sales, were about $79 million, resulting in approximately $39 million in free cash flow for the second quarter of 2013. This compares to $69 million in free cash flow for the second quarter of 2012. Cash flow has been negatively impacted by sustained higher levels of working capital during the current period, which has adversely affected our days sales outstanding or DSOs. Our DSOs were 93 days at June 30, 2013 compared to 87 days at March 31, 2013, and 81 days at June 30, 2012. Contributing to the increase in DSOs were the effects of transitioning efforts to enlarge electric transmission projects during the period and certain larger projects approach completion, and therefore had declining revenues for final billings and retainers balances await settlement. However, other projects began during the quarter with billing milestones on current production having not yet been achieved. We continue to focus on billings for all projects and reducing our overall DSOs. Also continuing to impact DSOs are the change orders associated with a summarized project, which remain in cost and excess of Billings. During the quarter, we began formal discussions with the customer on this project pursuant to an agreed structured negotiation process. The customer has completed its audit of the project and we are in the process of responding to the customer's request for additional documentation. This process is proceeding on a slower timeframe than originally anticipated, and we currently expect this stage of the process to continue until sometime into the fourth quarter of this year. We continue to believe strongly in our position on this matter and we are not currently aware of any circumstances warranting adjustment to the amounts we believe are owed. EBITA for the second quarter of 2013 was $117.4 million or 8% of revenues compared to $103.1 million or 7.4% of revenues for the second quarter of 2012. Adjusted EBITDA was $163.6 million or 11.1% of revenues for the second quarter of 2013 compared to $140.7 million or 10.2% of revenues for the second quarter of 2012. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and DSOs can be found in the Investors and Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. At June 30, 2013, we had about $179 million in letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program, and we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $363 million in cash, with approximately $151 million of the balance related to foreign operations. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $884 million in total liquidity as of June 30. Subsequent to the quarter end, we acquired J.W. Didado Electric, and their financial results will generally be included in our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. We also acquired Nacap Australia with their financial results to be generally included in our Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment. The aggregate consideration for both acquisitions consisted of approximately $118 million in cash, net of cash acquired and $763,272 shares of Quanta common stock valued at approximately $18.7 million. As these acquisitions occurred after June 30, their impacts or results have not been included in any of our historical results, including backlog. However, their financial projections are included post-acquisition, and therefore, are included in our guidance for the third quarter and remainder of 2013. Concerning our outlook for 2013, we expect revenues for the third quarter of 2013 to range between $1.65 billion and $1.75 billion, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $0.39 to $0.41 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compared to revenues of $1.53 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operation of $0.39 in 3Q '12, which included a $7.1 million benefit from the release of income tax contingencies, positively impacting the prior year third quarter by $0.03 per diluted share. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 3Q '13 includes an estimate of $7.5 million for non-cash compensation expenses and $7.5 million for amortization expense. Excluding these expenses and deal cost incurred to-date, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from a continuing operations for the third quarter are expected to be $0.43 to $0.45, and compared to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.42 in 3Q '12. This non-GAAP measure is calculated under the same basis as the historical calculations of adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in this release. Consistent with guidance provided in our last 2 earnings calls, our guidance includes an expectation of approximately $100 million in emergency restoration service revenues for the year, with approximately $40 million to occur in the remainder of 2013. This compares to the record emergency restoration service revenues of $250 million in 2012 or $76 million occurring in the third quarter of the 2012 and $130 million occurring in the fourth quarter of 2012. We currently expect revenues for the full-year 2013 to range between $6.2 billion and $6.5 billion, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.35 to $1.45 on a GAAP basis. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2013 includes an estimate of $35 million for non-cash compensation expenses and $26.4 million in amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for 2013 are expected to be between $1.53 to $1.63. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interest to be approximately $3 million to $4 million in the third quarter of 2013 and around $16 million to $17 million for the year. For additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be between 35.5% and 36% for 2013, and we expect our diluted share count to be around 214 million shares. We expect CapEx for all of 2013 to be approximately $210 million to $225 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing and other segments of about $35 million to $45 million. This compares to CapEx from continuing operations for all of 2012 of $209 million. This concludes our formal presentation. I will now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question is as you look at the pipeline side, clearly marked sequential improvement as well. So could you talk a bit about your capacity to the extent you can going into 2014 that is available as you look at your capacity right now? And really, the margin power we could potentially see from the 7% range, just driven by utilization to the extent you can approximate it. That will be very helpful.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'll take the first question. I mean, we -- strategically, we've been positioning ourselves to take advantage of these big pipe opportunities, while maintaining our process in the shale. So we think we're well-positioned to take advantage of some big pipe work, which we have been communicating with -- start coming out toward the end of this year and into '14. I'll just tell you that we're not planning on turning on any opportunities in the near future. Our approach is going to be very similar to electric transmission, where we went from being on 4 jobs to over 15 and 16 projects in the 2-year period. So we're going to -- we're planning with customers. Many of these jobs are out in '14 and '15. We have founded to gear up our resources to ensure that we can meet our customers’ expectations.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And as a follow-up, I guess, I just wanted to ask you about the guidance range, if you can sort of divide it up in between perhaps how much is related to the $100 million in pipeline, how much is really related to just the organic improvement and risk being identified and dissipated in the quarter and how much might potentially be coming from accretion of these 2 small acquisitions? And just as a segue to that, really, your strategic outlook on incremental acquisitions?
Derrick A. Jensen: Okay. Tahira, you have a lot there. The -- relative to the overall guidance, I'll start kind of from reverse and work backwards from an acquisition perspective, I'd say that relative to now and the end of the year, you'll probably see something in order of the magnitude of $0.01 to $0.02. The mainline pipe was not in our previous guidance. And so that additional award does allow for some level of accretion and margin expansion. We still see that our margins right now, as you kind of have a running of about 7% for the segment. So and then our Electric Power margins came in at about 11.5%. So the rest of it relates on the organic side to as much a view of a margin expansion for the rest of the year. We had been previously envisioning that we would be somewhere in the midpoint of our 9% to 12% as an example for our electric power. I think we've seen to the first and second quarters that that's a little bit higher, which gives us a little bit confidence into the third and fourth quarter. And then lastly, relative to acquisitions, we continue to view ourselves as a highly acquisitive company, and I think you've seen that through these 2 acquisitions, and we think we continue to see other opportunities that are out there along for further acquisitions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mr. Dan Mannes from Avondale.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: First, just a quick clean-up question on the second quarter in 2 parts. One, was there any large pipe in the pipe segment? And two, were there any material close outs in electric during the second quarter?
Derrick A. Jensen: Dan, this is Derrick. No we didn't have any mainline work that we performed in the second quarter. And relative to close outs, I mean, we always have some ups and downs associated with anything. A lot of them have to do with just better execution in production. There were some jobs that started to wind down but they didn't necessarily have any substantial material impact to the quarter.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then the follow-up again on the pipeline segment, you noted the $550 million of bookings on large, large projects, that's great. I think the curious part for me is how much if it is back end to '14 and beyond? Can you talk a little bit about the environment, whereby you are starting to see longer term awards like this, because historically, pipelines really has just been kind of a one year seasonal business. Is this indicative of a tightening environment or a change in strategy by the developers?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think we've been saying it for quite some time. You can throw the traditional bidding season at least in this current cycle out of the window because many of our customers are trying to plan resources in a tight market and projects are also getting bigger. So you got to have a little bit of preplanning. I kind of lay it out on curiosity on '14 and '15. I would tell you that one of those projects, one of the bigger project is a '14, '15 build, 2 of the projects of the '14 builds, and then you've got the 2 projects that were started in '10, that'll -- or excuse me, in '13 that'll go into '14. That'll take a break during the winter and we start construction in the spring.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Bremer from Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: First question, let's stay with the pipeline. The awards that were provided, can you give us a sense of how many miles or that the underlying diameter that you've been working on there? And then secondly, just an update on the integrity portion of the business, how's that gravitating and if you won any new awards during the quarter?
James F. O'Neil: Bill, I'm not going to get into the mileage. I'll tell you that they're all large diameter pipe, 20 inch and greater, most of them 5 million [ph] the larger diameter than that. Second question?
Derrick A. Jensen: Pipeline integrity.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, pipeline integrity continues to gain momentum. I would say it's -- again, probably one of the areas of our business that's growing faster than any of our other parts of our business but on a much smaller base and we expect continued momentum over the next several years.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: And then on the Australian acquisition, can you give us a sense of how many spread these guys can currently operate?
James F. O'Neil: Right now, they've got 2 spreads of capacity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Will Gabrielski from Lazard.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: The Nacap acquisition, I'm wondering if you can talk about how that business might look over the next few years in terms of are you going to be on a big LNG project coalbed methane, coal seam gas project where you're hired under some sort of framework or alliance relationship and hundreds of wells that need to be drilled, and it's going to have a good amount of visibility, or should we be thinking about these as bigger job opportunities that we'll see come in a little bit lumpy?
James F. O'Neil: I think you look at it as a company that can provide all the services that Quanta provides today. Significant infrastructure, electric transmission, distribution, infrastructure, as well as pipeline infrastructure to serve both the LNG mining and coal seam gas infrastructure build out.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up, in the U.S., outside of the Marcellus, are you starting to be able to get any traction, any of the different shale basins that are out there and what's your outlook, I guess, within the Marcellus as well in terms of gathering activity?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean we continue to see a very positive environment in the Marcellus, the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, and we continue to gain momentum in all of those shales as we move forward. So nothing's really changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mr. Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. Obviously, the gas pipeline side is gaining some momentum. But there is a lot of concern around the large transmission side. You've seen some of the equipment guys like Hubble and ABB. Be slightly more cautious on sort of utilities spend in utility transmission citing 2013's the peak, as well as some industry experts. So can you talk about your thoughts about are you seeing any more cautious activity from your customers and should we think about 2013 as sort of the peak with the gas side of the business gaining momentum, picking up for that. And then also two, just in terms of a modeling question, it seems like the electric transmission side, the revenue side is sort of -- should we think it's sort of flattened out, I guess, should we think about sort of similar revenue trends in the back half of the year versus what we saw in the second quarter?
James F. O'Neil: Jamie, these product suppliers, they've got -- they sell their products globally and they've got international competition. I mean, I think it's just a whole different landscape than what we're seeing. We do not see what these guys are seeing. Some of them saying that the markets going down, 10%, 20%, we're just not seeing that. And I mean, if you ask me to compare gas to electric, I mean, I think, we said, we believe it's likely we have growth in electric. I mean, obviously, gas -- the pipeline segment has a bigger opportunity to grow into next year because of all of the mainline pipe opportunities, but that doesn't mean electric's not going to grow as well. And we do not see the peaking or slowdown that others are seeing today. Now, we caveat that, that because of the environmental landscape we're in today of the regulatory landscape we're in today for that project awards and starts can get pushed. But overall, we're looking at just as many projects today that are out there to bid or to negotiate than we did last year at this time. So we're not seeing that slowdown.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But can you talk about the size of the projects that you're bidding on because a lot of the growth historically has come or the projects that you have, have come from more renewable initiatives, which don't seem to have, I mean, there doesn't seem to be as many projects out there like that. So there are a lot of projects, but they're smaller and medium-size, or do you still see sort of the -- a good mix of the larger sort of the larger projects out there within the transmission side of the business?
James F. O'Neil: Jamie, there's some very big projects out there right now, bigger, bigger than what we've seen before, as well as a lot of smaller projects that are interconnecting a lot of the mainline backlog projects that we've been building over the last 2 years. So it's a good mix, but it's not that it's all small projects and more small projects. There are some big projects out there that are on the drawing board, that are going to be built over the next several years. And we feel very comfortable with our outlook that the business has the potential to grow, the transmission business has a potential to grow. Again, the only caveat is the regulatory constraints that our customers face, and have been facing for the last decade and more.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Thalhimer from BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Jim, the pipeline margins, very strong in the quarter and I think you said that, was sustainable. What gives you confidence that this kind of margins are sustainable?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, we've been pursuing shale work for the last 2 years, we're executing on our strategy. We believe that our folks were getting better execution. We actually -- we did have some good weather in the quarter. And again, our job is to get as efficient as we can, and the margins continually improve as we do that shale work. And so we're really pleased with the outcome for the quarter. And like we said in the script, like I said in the script, we expect margins to get better year-over-year.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, I wanted to follow-up on Jamie's question about transmission, because she's right, there's so much negativity out there. I mean, is there anything -- one thing that was brought up was maybe FERC trying to lower the ROEs for transmission. I haven't really seen that. Have you seen anything like that?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, there's some great rate case challenges in certain areas of the country. But we still believe that's where our customers are going to get the higher returns even if the rate plays didn't play out the way they expected. Again, the main pieces of all of this is we have aging infrastructure, 2/3 of it was built post-world war II. And it's got to get upgraded. Much of it's approaching its useful life. And that's what we're seeing out there. We're seeing these major transmission lines that are being built, and they're still on the drawing board. Like I've said repeatedly, we're still in the early innings of this game. And it's going to continue forward. And I do not see any downturn in the transmission business as we stand here today, and when we do, we will communicate that to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's clearly good to see these mainline awards, and I'm assuming they're fixed price. And so, I guess, maybe can you talk about what changes you guys have implemented since the last go around on the mainline projects to increase -- to improve your execution? And then, I'm assuming that these awards do reflect the good terms in margins that you've been patiently waiting for.
James F. O'Neil: Well, first, I wouldn't assume that all the works are fixed price. And secondly, we were patient and we build projects with the margins that we expect for the risk that we're taking. And thirdly, we're working with many customers that we have longstanding relationships with that understand the value of building a project on time and on schedule, and certainly, the terms and conditions between this are mutually agreed upon and are acceptable to us. So I think the execution problems we've had in the past have been largely due to extreme weather conditions, and we believe that we've got the very best people and equipment in the industry and looking forward to contributing value to our shareholders going forward. And that's about all I can say. There is going to be a good time for the pipeline industry throughout this year and into next year and beyond, and we're looking forward to facing the challenge.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then from a utilization perspective, I mean, with what you've booked now already and what you have in backlog on the mainline stuff for 2014, all else equal in that business, is it enough now to get you into that 9% to 12% margin range?
James F. O'Neil: We haven't given guidance for '14, but I would say that with the amount of volume you probably in that zip code if we can execute for '13. I would think that we probably need to secure somewhat a little bit more mainline pipe in order to get us into that 9% to 12% since we're only at $100 million right now, right now forecasted for the year. But there are additional opportunities, so we'll just have to see how that plays out.
Operator: You have a question from Vishal Shah from Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. On the Electric Power side, can you talk about what drove the upside at the last couple of quarters on margins of the margins [indiscernible] work about the solutions segment, and just talk about that. And also, on the pipeline side, I hear you talking about some more awards in the mainline work? Can you just talk about the [indiscernible] the number and the size of the contracts that you're bidding on in the second half of this year?
Derrick A. Jensen: This is Derrick. I think that your first question was really asking about our higher margins in Electric Power in the first quarter and second quarter potentially versus our original guidance. We've guided 9% to 12%, and then said that we thought we'd be kind of in a mid-forced in that range around the 10.5%. And primarily because of the fact that when we looked at 2012, our execution was very high and at times you saw us as being able to exceed our margins in 2012. We've said various times that we thought that it was aggressive on our part to come through and have the expectation, we've had that level of performance throughout this year because of just the last year's exceptional performance. But having said that, what we've found is that through the first quarter and second quarter of this year, we have been able to execute through at the same similar levels, even through the period, which is typically our lowest margin period, the first and the second quarter, often times hampered by weather, et cetera. So and just more we feel like on a go-forward basis that if we, to the extent we've been able to execute through the first and second, we think we have the ability to continue to see that into the at least the third quarter. As far as the...
James F. O'Neil: The bidding activity on the shale or pipeline, I would just say, it's high level of bidding activity right now, and we expect that to continue into '14 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Rogers from D.A. Davidson.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Two things. First of all, just on the renewables portion of the business that you talked about being slower. How much renewables work have you been doing especially in 2012 and by comparison?
James F. O'Neil: John, we had probably a better year in '12 than '13. I know we did, we're probably down $100 million from $300 million this year. And then next year, there's lots of -- there' some opportunities out there, we just have to see how those play out. I mean, we're not dealing with light transmission projects, from trying to figure out whether we're going to do '14 or '16 or '17. We'll figure out whether we're going to be 1 or 2 or 3. So it kind of changes the game there, but there are some utilities shale projects that are being planned, we're hopeful that we've been working with developers now for months even years on projects that are supposed to go to construction or move to construction. So, but the thing about it, it's such a small part of what we do today that we could -- if things didn't play out in renewables -- I mean, certainly the other parts of our business will outpace it, I mean, it's probably less than 5% of the segment. Right now, but again, it's still a focus point for us, and we're still well-positioned to take advantage of opportunities if they come here.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, just in terms of the margins in the pipeline business. They've been trending nicely higher for the last 6 or 8 quarters with the seasonality. Is that all pricing as opposed to just better utilization? And your revenues are up somewhat, but it looks like your margins are climbing a lot faster. Is that what's happening now, Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think it's mostly better utilization. I mean, when you establish yourself with a brand-new greenfield operation and open offices and start from scratch, and then you're going to gain efficiencies over time as you continue to build your revenue base and your customer base. And it's mostly on better operational improvement and better utilization of equipment over time because we've been working with the same customers over last 2 two years. Pretty much under the same MSA Agreements. So it's really just better execution and good weather, we had some really nice weather in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Irwin from Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: So the gasser is a segment, obviously things are cycling up and things are going very well as far as bookings and the overall trajectory on the bidding activity et cetera. Can you talk about whether or not you're getting more selective on the projects that you're bidding for there? And was there any specific piece of business that might not have been booked to this year versus last year because when we take out the 515 [ph] mainline awards we're actually down in the core bookings year-over-year, we know it's volatile, but just was hoping you could speak to that a little bit.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'll tell you that we're not getting any more selective than what we've been over the past since we've owned Price Gregory. I mean, we've got pricing objectives and terms and conditions, objectives in our contracts, and we have customers that we have long-standing relationships with that will provide us for, that happen to have capital programs moving forward. So I don't think anything's changed there other than we're in a more robust environment now and moving forward with some opportunities.
Derrick A. Jensen: Relative to the second part of it, what I'd say is that we commented throughout the last a little bit that we're being a little less aggressive potentially in some of our shale pursuits, basically as I'm sure we have the management available to work on any of the mainland component that came available. As we look to now, I think what we've seen is that what mainline work we have, we know where those things will generally play out to the year and allow us to pursue additional of those opportunities in the shale side.
James F. O'Neil: And I do want to mention on this segment, we also have gas distribution services and we mentioned pipeline, integrity, briefly, but those 2 parts of our business are performing very well and growing as well. So all of the services that we provide in that segment are moving -- have positive trends in both revenues and margins going forward.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. So the second question I want to ask was really a housekeeping question. Can you share with us the approximate revenue run rate of your 2 acquisitions you closed this quarter? And maybe a backlog number that you might be looking at when you report backlog for these acquisitions at the end of the September quarter?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. From a revenue run rate perspective, I'd say something in order of magnitude of $250 million to $300 million on a combined basis. And then on a backlog, I'd say you're looking at something probably around about $150 million. So that's a soft number right now with that whole public conversion side of the equation and getting into these guys and talking to them exactly as how we define backlog versus them, but I'd say something in order of magnitude of $150 million.
Operator: The next question comes from Noelle Dilts from Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First on the near pipeline project plans, is there any way, you can tell us if they're located in Canada or the U.S.? And then, could you just discuss what you're seeing in terms of the relative opportunity in Canada versus the U.S. and both transmission and pipeline?
James F. O'Neil: The project mix was probably half and half, half in Canada, half in the U.S. And I think the opportunities going forward are in both the U.S. and Canada are the same, it's equal. We're seeing opportunities in both countries.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I think I know the answer to this question, but do you have any updated thoughts or any sort of update on the Keystone XL project and where we stand on that?
James F. O'Neil: Not anything more than what TransCanada's put out publicly. That's all -- we have the same access to the same information that you have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Rygiel from FBR.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. First, any chance you could try to size the market in Australia? And then also, provide some comments on any opportunities you might be looking at in Mexico?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I would say that Australia is probably very similar to Canada, and how Canada has grown for us, when we made an acquisition in '10. So I think that's how I would put it in perspective rather than try to put a number on it. There's a lot of opportunities there and there's needs for significant infrastructure build out, and there's a limit today in a number of service providers that can meet customer's needs. So it's a huge job opportunity for us. The second, Mexico. Mexico is not -- really, I mean there's opportunities there, but we're just treading lightly there right now. There's plenty of opportunities to put our resources to work in other area.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then a quick question, any chance you could give us a vague description of the mix of your Electrical business between transmission and distribution?
James F. O'Neil: It's about the same as it's been. It really hasn't changed, Alex. It's probably x-renewables 65, 35
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Hauke from Robert W. Baird.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So I appreciate you can't give a lot of details on the mainline work, but I was wondering just on the margin front, if maybe you could tell us what's the spread differential on kind of a unit margin basis relative to your existing gathering line work in the shales?
James F. O'Neil: The approach that we take on margins is driven by contract type. When we do a fixed price contract, there's more risk, margins are typically 300 to 400 basis points higher than at cost plus, so we're not taking risk. It's all about what type of risk you're taking, and that's across all of our segments. The spread differential. So when you do more electric transmission projects that are fixed price, it pulls your distribution projects, which are mostly cost plus and [indiscernible] price which are lower side into that 9% to 12 % OpEx range. And that's the same dynamic that we expect to happen on the pipeline side when we do core fixed price pipeline mainline projects.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. But to be clear, these mainline pipeline projects that you booked or that you're calling out are not all fixed price, correct?
James F. O'Neil: I wouldn't assume that they are. That's correct.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess my second question is, just thinking about CREZ and the fact that, that's been such a big project for lots of contractors and is immobilizing later this year. I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that your crews have homes to go to on other jobs. But I guess from an industry perspective, what are you seeing from your competitors that are there, and I guess how should we think about that impacting the pricing of new jobs that are being bid going forward?
James F. O'Neil: Look, all I can tell you is that this whole notion that CREZ is ramping up and there's plenty of people sitting around and pricing is going to be challenging. I mean, where our employee count is up 15% since the first year were at record levels, a lot of CREZ has already wind down. And we're looking for people to move on to other projects. So I don't know what our competition is doing, but I can tell you that we're very busy right now.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Noelle Dilts.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: This is just kind of a big picture question, but my work suggests that last year, the vast majority of transmission project awards over the last few months of the year. And just given what's out there it looks like that's similar this year. Is that consistent with you're seeing? And also do you think there's any reason that we're kind of seeing that trend?
James F. O'Neil: On the electric transmission awards?
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. On the project awards -- a lot of them really [indiscernible] last few months, last year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think people get -- they get hung up that we don't have an announcement every quarter or 2 quarters. And I'm just -- it's still a very robust environment. I don't get caught up in that. I look at what the pipeline of opportunities are and how that's going to replace or grow on the burn that we're experiencing. And I'm very comfortable that is likely that we're going to have growth unless we have some of these bigger projects that get pushed because of permitting or regulatory [indiscernible], which will happen to some degree, but there's a lot of opportunities out there. And I'm not getting hung up on announcements right now. We've got significant work ramping up right now in certain areas that's offsetting, CREZ ramping down, and we'll have other announcements that will come out into the future as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you, sir. There are no further questions. Please continue.
James F. O'Neil: Okay, I'd like to thank all of you for participating in our second quarter 2013 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Co-Founder and Managing Partner James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and President of Infrasource FI LLC Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call on the 2nd of May 2013. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand the conference over to Kip Rupp. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thanks, Michaela, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review first quarter 2013 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta's news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. In addition, Quanta recently launched the Quanta Services investor relations app for iPhone, iPad and Android mobile devices, which is available for free at Apple's App Store and Google Play. For your mobile -- from your mobile device, go to the App Store and search Quanta Services IR to find and download the app. The Quanta investor relations app allows users to navigate the company's investor relations materials including the latest press releases, SEC filings, presentations, videos, audio cast conference calls and stock price information. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 2, 2013, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our first quarter results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Quanta is off to a great start this year, posting record first quarter revenues and operating income. Our first quarter results reflect strong demand for our services and continued solid project execution. For the quarter, revenues increased approximately 19%, and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased almost 55% compared to the same quarter last year. Our 12-month and total backlog increased both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. Our total backlog is also at record levels. Our Electric Power segment continued to experience an increase in demand for electric transmission and distribution services. Regulations to improve grid reliability, renewable interconnections, the impact of coal to gas generation switching and other industry dynamics continued to drive power industry's investments in electric infrastructure. The electric power industry is investing at record levels to upgrade and modernize North America's power grid. We believe this trend will continue over the next several years as the current level of investment is not sufficient to keep pace with the rate at which transmission and distribution systems are aging. Today, available construction resources in the electric power industry are in short supply and skilled labor is in high demand. In the future, we expect demand for our services in an already tight labor market to grow. As such, we see attractive opportunities for our Electric Power segment for the remainder of this year and beyond. We continue to be awarded large transmission projects. During the quarter, we announced 2 large electric transmission projects, a 186-mile, 230-kilovolt line for SaskPower in Northern Saskatchewan and a 310-mile, 500-kilovolt HVDC line for ATCO Electric in Eastern Alberta. We are currently mobilized on 17 large transmission projects throughout North America with each project's contract value averaging over $200 million. Smaller transmission project activity also remains very active as customers continue to upgrade existing transmission infrastructure to meet reliability standards and to interconnect with the significant number of large transmission projects that have been construction -- was constructed over the last several years. Also, growth in distribution activity has continued to accelerate following nearly 3 years of deferred maintenance during the recession as our customers increasingly focused on distribution asset management initiatives such as reliability and smart grid deployment. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment delivered comparable revenues in this quarter versus the first quarter of last year, but operating income increased almost $20 million year-over-year. We are pleased with the improvement in this segment's profitability in the first quarter, and we expect continued profitability improvements throughout the year. In the first quarter, Quanta was selected by Pacific Gas & Electric Company, or PG&E, to provide comprehensive pipeline system integrity solutions as part of PG&E's Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan. Quanta was awarded a 3-year alliance agreement with subsequent annual extensions to provide services such as pipeline replacement, hydrostatic testing and valve automation services. Quanta has begun working under this alliance agreement, and we estimate its value at approximately $100 million per year in revenues over the initial 3-year term. Several of Quanta's operating units are involved in this alliance agreement, illustrating the depth of expertise and the value proposition that Quanta brings to its natural gas utility customers. Demand for pipeline services to support shale gathering infrastructure buildout was active in the first quarter and should remain so throughout the year and for many years hereafter as customers continue to invest in infrastructure needed to support the exploration of shale plays, particularly in liquid-rich shale formations. Active discussions with customers regarding mainline projects continue. While we can't provide details at this time, we believe we will receive some project awards and mobilize on mainline projects in 2013. We also expect mainline project awards to make a significant positive impact on our company's overall performance in 2014 and beyond. In our Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment, revenues for the quarter increased nicely over the prior year period with consistent operating margins. The increase in revenues was primarily due to strong growth in providing telecommunications infrastructure services to non-telecom customers, coupled with steady growth in our Fiber Optic Licensing revenues. As discussed in our earnings release, we have adjusted our full year 2013 guidance. We increased the lower end of our guidance primarily due to superior performance in the first quarter that exceeded our original expectations and slightly increased full year operating margin expectations for our Electric Power segment. We continue to reflect prudent expectations in our financial forecast particularly in the fourth quarter as the timing of electric transmission project awards, construction start dates and seasonality can impact our overall financial performance. Additionally, we have no uncommitted mainline pipe construction revenues in our guidance for the remainder of 2013. While we believe mainline project construction revenues are likely this year, we will not include any projects in guidance until we have a signed contract and firm construction start date. In summary, we had an exceptional first quarter. We continue to believe we are in a multiyear energy investment cycle and remain well positioned to maintain our leadership role in the industries we serve. We will continue to leverage this leadership position and execute on our strategic initiatives to grow both organically and through selective acquisitions as we actively pursue opportunities to expand the solutions we are currently offering to our customers. Before I turn the call over to Derrick, I want to recognize John Colson, Quanta's founder and current Executive Chairman of the Board, who announced his plans to retire later this month. John had a vision in 1997 to form Quanta Services as smaller private contractors were not be able to keep up with the pace of transmission construction activity that we are experiencing today. As the first mover in the industry, Quanta Services is today an S&P 500 company. There have also been many other public companies that have modeled their business to be like Quanta. Not only is John a true friend and mentor to me as well as my entire leadership team, John Colson is a true pioneer and recognized leader in this industry. The electric power industry would not be where it is today without John's contributions. John, you will be missed greatly, and we wish you and your family the best. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer, for his financial review of the first quarter. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.59 billion for the first quarter of 2013 compared to $1.33 billion in the prior year's first quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 19% quarter-over-quarter. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the quarter was $72.1 million, or $0.34 per diluted share, as compared to $45.8 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, in the first quarter of last year. The growth in consolidated revenues in the first quarter of 2013 was driven primarily by increased revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment. However, growth was seen in all 3 of Quanta's segments. Our consolidated gross margin increased to 15% in the first quarter 2013, from 14.0% in 1Q '12. This improvement was led by the profitable first quarter performance of the Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment as compared to last year's first quarter losses, as well as the impact of higher overall revenues, which improved our ability to cover fixed operating costs. Selling, general and administrative of expenses were $113.7 million, reflecting an increase of $15.6 million as compared to last year's first quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $11.6 million in higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with increased levels of activity and profitability, as well as administrative cost associated with the companies acquired in 2012 and $1.3 million in higher costs associated with the various development initiatives. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to 7.2% in the first quarter of 2013 from 7.4% in the first quarter of 2012, primarily due to the impact of higher overall revenues. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense increased to 7.9% in 1Q '13 from 6.6% in 1Q '12. Amortization of intangible assets decreased from $9.2 million in 1Q '12 to $5.3 million in the first quarter of 2013 as certain of these assets became fully amortized. To further discuss our segment results, the Electric Power segment's revenues were up about $248.8 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 27%. Revenues during the quarter were positively impacted by higher revenues from electric power transmission projects and solar power generation projects as a result of increased capital spending by our customers. Revenues from emergency restoration services are relatively consistent between periods with approximately $33.4 million occurring in the first quarter of 2013 and $32 million occurring in the first quarter of 2012. At the end of the first quarter, 12-month backlog for the Electric Power segment increased slightly to $2.8 billion as compared to the first quarter of 2012. Sequentially, 12-month backlog decreased slightly by 3.4% from the end of the fourth quarter of 2012 as certain renewable projects proceeded into construction during the first quarter of 2013. Total backlog for this segment remains strong at $4.84 billion. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment decreased to 11.2% in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to 12.3% in last year's first quarter. The prior year's first quarter performance was positively impacted by favorable winter weather conditions, providing for excellent production on various electric projects. Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues increased slightly quarter-over-quarter by 1% to $358.9 million in 1Q '13. However, operating income for the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment as a percentage of revenues increased to 2.9% in 1Q '13 from a negative 3% in 1Q '12. The operating loss for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, was primarily due to the increased project costs as a result of performance issues caused by adverse weather conditions on certain projects. The operating margins for this quarter are more representative of the margin we would expect with the seasonal effects in volumes and production during a typical first quarter, absent mainline pipework. At the end of the first quarter of 2013, 12-month and total backlog for this segment increased about 7% and 17%, respectively, compared to the end of the first quarter of 2012. As we've commented before, Keystone XL is not in any of the backlog figures presented for our pipeline segment. Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment revenues were up $6.2 million or 15.7% to $45.8 million in 1Q '13 as compared to $39.6 million in 1Q '12. Additionally, operating margin remains relatively constant at approximately 36.9% in 1Q '13 as compared to 36.7% in 1Q '12. When calculating operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effects of such expenses. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $1.1 million in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to 1Q '12, primarily as a result of an increase of $5 million in various overhead expenses, the largest of which was $2.6 million in higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with current levels of operating activity and profitability, partially offset by lower amortization expense of $3.9 million as a result of the burn off of required backlog. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations as calculated in today's press release was $0.38 for the first quarter of 2013 as compared to an adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.26 from 1Q '12. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was approximately $44 million for the first quarter of 2013 as compared to the use of cash of $73 million for the first quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures net of proceeds from equipment sales were about $56 million, resulting in approximately $12 million in negative free cash flow for the first quarter of 2013. This compares to $104 million in negative free cash flow for the first quarter of 2012. Specifically, cash flow has been impacted by higher days sales outstanding, or DSOs. Our DSOs were 87 days at March 31, 2013, compared to 82 days at December 31, 2012, and 80 days at March 31, 2012. Continuing to impact DSOs are the change orders associated with the Sunrise project, which remain in cost and excess of billings. Several meetings occurred throughout the quarter and progress continues to be made. Substantive meetings are scheduled within the next 30 days, and we currently aren't aware of any circumstances warranting any adjustments to the amount invoiced. EBITA for the first quarter 2013 was $119.3 million or 7.5% of revenues compared to $83.8 million or 6.3% of revenues for the first quarter of 2012. Adjusted EBITDA was $159.8 million or 10.1% of revenues for the first quarter of 2013 compared to $119.3 million or 9% of revenues for the first quarter of 2012. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and DSOs can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. At March 31, 2013, we had about $184 million in letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program, and we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $367 million in cash with $112 million of the balance related to foreign operations. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $883 million in total liquidity as of March 31. Concerning our outlook for 2013, we expect revenues for the second quarter of 2013 to range between $1.45 billion and $1.55 billion, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $0.30 to $0.32 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.39 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.27 in 2Q '12. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2Q '13 includes an estimate of $11.1 million for non-cash compensation expenses and $5.1 million for amortization expense. Included in our estimate of non-cash stock-based compensation for the second quarter and year of 2013 is approximately $4.2 million of expense or $0.01 per diluted share related to the accelerated vesting of equity-based awards associated with John Colson's retirement as Quanta's Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors effective May 23, 2013. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the second quarter are expected to be $0.35 to $0.37 when compared to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.32 in 2Q '12. This non-GAAP measure is calculated on the same basis as the historical calculations of adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in this release. We currently expect revenues for the full year 2013 to range between $5.9 billion and $6.3 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.20 to $1.40 on a GAAP basis. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2013 includes an estimate of $32.8 million for non-cash compensation expense and $20.5 million of amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for 2013 are expected to be between $1.37 to $1.57. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to non-controlling interests to be approximately $3 million to $4 million in the second quarter of 2013 and around $14.5 million to $15.5 million for the year. For additional guidance, we're currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be between 35.5% and 36% for 2013 and our diluted share count to be around 214 million shares. We expect CapEx for all of 2013 to be approximately $210 million to $225 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing and Other segment of about $35 million to $45 million. This compares to CapEx from continuing operations for all of 2012 of $209 million. This concludes our formal presentation. Other than to add an additional thank you to John from all of the employees of Quanta. We couldn't have had a greater leader. We'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Alex Rygiel from FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So easy question. You beat the first quarter by $0.05 on the bottom line. You raised your low end of your guidance by $0.10. Was the first quarter -- did you have an extra $0.05 of cushion in the first quarter? Or do you have better visibility on the next 9 months such that you sort of raised the back end by $0.05?
James F. O'Neil: Well I'd say that the first quarter, I mean, obviously, we had 17 big transmission projects in construction and we did have some fairly good weather throughout the country, particularly, in Texas and California. So you just can't predict the weather. So I wouldn't have said we've baked in $0.05 before the quarter. You've got to understand the seasonality in the quarter and weather can be a big impact. For the rest of the year, we're just taking the same approach that we've taken 6 weeks ago when we talked to you guys in late February. And we're being prudent about the second half of the year because of the significant amount of our upcoming work will be big projects that are subject to -- the start dates are subject to movement and we're just being prudent about that so we get more visibility.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then secondly, your Natural Gas margins improved very nicely on a year-over-year basis. Can you give us a little bit more background on that? Was it pricing? Was it type of revenue or type of project or was it just purely better executions?
James F. O'Neil: I think it's a combination of all of those. We worked really hard in that segment. The first quarter is typically a very seasonal -- the segment is very seasonal over the year with the first quarter. Several years ago, we strived to breakeven in that segment. And now, because of the diversity of the services that we're providing with the shale gathering work, some pipeline integrity work, we've rebuilt our gas distribution business. We've done a really nice job bringing that to profitability, and we expect if we can execute, margins will improve over the year to where we'll have our full year margins without big pipe. The full year margins should be in that mid- to upper-single digit operating income range without big pipes. So we're real pleased with the first quarter and how we've moved that segment to profitability in the most seasonal quarter of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Your bookings in the quarter was really strong on a year-on-year basis. Is this trend going to continue in general to trend up as you're going to your seasonally high quarters? And is the mix increasingly going to be on the pipeline side or should we expect the same type of mix?
James F. O'Neil: Well we're going to be -- we've been consistent with our comments on backlog in Electric. We haven't seen any changes. It's a very strong market. The timing of projects awards quarter-over-quarter can be lumpy. But overall, we're saying backlog in Electric should be strong now. With that, if we get big pipe work toward the end of the year, the mix could shift somewhat could get a little bit higher percentage in backlog and pipeline, obviously, because those can be some fairly big projects. But overall, we haven't seen any changes in the overall business environment that we've been communicating to you guys over the last 2 years.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the follow-up question is on the pipeline side. And I'm cleverly trying to make it a twofold question because you only allow me 2 questions. So if I look at the Keystone Pipeline being officially pushed out by around 6 months, even if you start at the facade [ph] what you assume to be early 2014, I assume it does now project out a more stretched construction time frame. Does that allow you to look at your spreads appropriately and see if you can bid on more project going forward than new project you could? And the second part of the question is the timing on some of these mainline prospects. Clearly, there are huge number out there. Is the narrative timing going to be dictated by how economical rail looks as an alternative on the crude side?
James F. O'Neil: Well let me just say that the Keystone project has never impacted our ability to pursue other projects. So your question about Keystone being pushed into '14, whether that's given us the ability to pursue more work that we've always pursued as much work as we could. If we could get work at the margins that we expect to get work for, which we've been very disciplined on bidding these projects. And I would say that, we should hear some announcements hopefully about pipeline. We said -- for this year, we said it's likely that we'll probably do some big pipe work this year, so we're in some pretty detailed discussions right now. So hopefully, we will be able to talk about that in the near future. I mean, when you're building pipelines, the most active parts of the pipeline season is in the second and third quarter, and I don't expect that would change because the weather is more favorable then and there's less risk to building those lines for the customer and for contractor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sorry, a couple of questions on guidance again. But anyway, the guidance in the quarter, I'm just trying to figure out, like, if I look at your second quarter guide relative to where you came in at the first quarter, it doesn't make a lot of sense because seasonally, the second quarter is generally stronger. So is there any pull forward? I'm just trying to understand if there's something in there that I'm not thinking about on just why your second quarter wouldn't be up more significantly relative to Q1. And then, on the Electric Power margin side, I'm just trying to get a feel for how you're thinking about your margins in 2013 relative to 2012, whether you think we can -- the pricing environment is strong enough and utilization is high enough that we could exceed sort of your targeted range of 9% to 12%. And then last question, if we were to handicap where the upside comes from in 2013, do you feel it's more a function of your first quarter good execution or is it a function of the big gas pipeline stuff like Keystone finally getting done?
Derrick A. Jensen: Jamie, this is Derrick. Actually, from a first and second quarter perspective, we have commented last time that we thought the seasonality was going to start to flatten out a little bit. When you look at 2012, in fact, you can see that on a -- after discontinued operations that the first and second quarters are relatively flat. When -- the other thing that's coming into consideration is we've got a lot of these large projects that Jim has talked about. A lot of that work is in California and Texas, which contributed to larger revenues in the first quarter relative to a seasonality perspective. And then lastly, we had a couple of solar projects that came through. So all those things kind of came to a combination effects for the first and second quarter. There was, as you alluded to, some pull forward from the second quarter into the first quarter based upon the good production we had for the period. And then relative to margins, we continue to guide to that 9% to 12% for the Electric Power. As we've commented, I think, last time, the 2012 was a phenomenal year for us throughout. We had great execution. We had very good weather. We had high storm work. So all of those things contributed to margins that were above that 9% to 12% range. But we continue to feel as though that the 9% to 12% range is a prudent guidance for us for -- in that segment. And as we stand here right now, I think that you'll see that the modeling works out that we're probably in the mid-portion of that range in our current guidance. And for the last component of it and as far as what's -- what can lead to some of those upsides, I think as Jim has alluded to, the opportunity for execution. That's really where it can come from similar to 2012. That's probably the primary driver.
Operator: Our next question comes from Will Gabrielski from Lazard.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Can you guys talk about the distribution market? And we're seeing a little bit of a recovery in housing or at least The Wall Street Journal says so every day on the cover. And I'm wondering how that's impacting the distribution business. And then on the maintenance side within that market, how far from peak levels we are and how that's progressing back towards what we saw few years ago?
James F. O'Neil: Well I would say we're hearing the same news about housing starts and there's a lag to the impact, the positive impact it would have to us. We're not really seeing any meaningful impact in our revenues related to housing right now. All of the growth that we've seen in distribution over the last 2 years and going into this year has been maintenance-related, reliability-related. And as far as where that goes, we're not seeing a slowdown. I can't predict what the peak would be, but we're still growing the distribution revenues related to reliability work and maintenance continues to grow in healthy clips. And we don't see it slowing down anytime soon.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in the pipeline integrity or pipeline modernization market, I think there's been some new laws passed over the past few months at least here in the Mid-Atlantic states that allow utilities better cost recovery on a more timely basis in that market. And I guess you had success with PG&E in the quarter. So I'm just wondering how big that market opportunity is starting to look to you versus 12 months ago, and what type of interaction you're having with customers about maybe MSA-type relationships or just bigger framework agreements?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. We were having active discussions with many customers on integrity programs throughout the country. And we've always said that our integrity business, although it's a smaller base, probably has more opportunity to grow at better clips than any other parts of our business. So it's an exciting part of our business, and we think it could be meaningful with the next 3 to 5 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vishal Shah from Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, just curious to get a sense of the margin profile of the pipeline backlog or the new orders that you're getting. Are you seeing better pricing and better margins in some of the upcoming orders? And I have a follow-up.
James F. O'Neil: Well most of the work that we have in backlog is probably out 2 to 3 months at the max. It's pipeline gathering work in the shale fields, and the margins have been pretty predictable over the last several years. We haven't seen much increase in those margins. But margins and backlog will either be equal or slightly higher than what we're experiencing today. We don't have any big pipe revenues to speak of in our backlog other than the project that starts in '14. And certainly, those margins would be higher in backlog when we start booking mainline pipe work hopefully over the next few months this year.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then on the Electric Power segment, just wanted to understand to what extent the improvement in margin expectations. Is this driven by pricing versus better execution? Are you seeing this -- the pricing environment continue to get better and therefore the upside to your margin expectations for the rest of the year?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, Vishal. I think it's a combination of both. I mean, certainly, we can have a year like last year where we had better execution, favorable weather and that certainly would put better margins to the bottom line. But also, margins and backlog are strong, and they continue to be equal to or better than what we're currently experiencing today. So it's a combination of both execution and the bidding environment in margins and backlog.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Good to see the Q1 profits in pipeline. But I guess the revenues were only up less than 1% year-over-year. So I guess I'm just wondering if we should assume a general slowdown in the outlook for shale pipeline project. And if not, why was it only up, I guess, 1%?
James F. O'Neil: Well that's going to be your seasonally low quarter for revenues in that segment. It's more difficult to build pipeline in the first quarter because of weather, particularly in the Marcellus, which is one of our most active areas. So that's by design. That should pick up in the second quarter and into the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, it's kind of a wildcard. It could be your second highest quarter. It could be -- you could continue to have revenues equal to what you experienced in the third quarter. But the first quarter is always going to be a seasonally low quarter for your pipeline segment and even in your gathering work.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So would you assume though that the year-over-year growth in the next few quarters should be better than kind of flattish?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, when we provide a previous guidance for that, we have basically assumed that 2013 would be comparable to 2012. I would say at this stage in the game, we'd see at the mid- and high points, you see some small single-digit revenue growth though.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Bremer from Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Okay, here are my questions. Was wondering if there was any particular substation work that impacted electrical transmission this quarter. My second question is if we go into a little bit -- you call that a little weather issues. There's been a lot of talk of some high degree of rain in the Midwest. How much did that, if any, can you call it and tell us about that impacted the pipeline arena? And then thirdly, on the pipeline integrity, is there any components at this time that you feel as though you need to either develop in-house or potentially acquire to really fulfill your portfolio in that area?
James F. O'Neil: We -- the impact of weather on our pipeline business in the first quarter was negligible. We didn't have any negative or positive impacts due to weather. As far as our integrity business, we believe, today, Bill, that we are a full service solution provider, and there's really not any gaps in our integrity business that we need to fill today other than just continue to pursue opportunities and build that business. And the first question?
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: The particular substation?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, the substation work pretty much flows with the amount of transmission work and distribution work. It rises and falls with that activity. So there was nothing out of the ordinary on substation in the first quarter other than it's very active just like transmission construction is today.
Operator: Our next question, Craig Irwin from Wedbush.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: So my first question I wanted to ask is can you update us on the approximate size of the electric power opportunities that you're bidding right now. How does this change versus last year and whether or not you're seeing a mix shift either in the character of the projects or in the specific geographies that are offering the most exciting opportunities?
James F. O'Neil: Well there's still opportunities throughout the U.S. and North America in general, Craig. I mean we are having a shift obviously CREZ is rolling off in Texas. But there's still a significant amount of work to be done in Texas, but there are other areas in the country that certainly we'll be redeploying the resources to. There's opportunities to coal to gas switching. So when you talk about the drivers, we are seeing coal to gas switching being one of the bigger drivers of the transmission opportunities going forward for the remainder of the year and into '14.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. And then can you update us on dark fiber? Your last call, you said you thought that, that could grow. Double digits may be better this year. There were some pretty solid bookings in that segment in the quarter. How do you see dark fiber progressing over the course of 2013? Have these sort of headwinds of the fiscal discipline out there may be lifted off enough where we can see a number of these projects actually supported by the local customers?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure, this is Derrick. As it relates to fiber, if you recall, now we have the non-telecom revenues buried within the fiber as far as from a segment perspective, but fiber overall is growing at a high single-digit rate at this stage in the game from a revenue perspective. The sales continue to be strong. 2012 sales for future revenue installs was basically double-digit. So from a revenue perspective, as we go through and build out those new networks from sales, I think we'll continue to see growth, thus the high-single digit to double-digit growth. Relative to the commentary of any of the sequestration or anything from spending, we're not seeing that really impact our business right now. I mean, a lot of the work that we're doing is associated with ongoing contracts. A lot of the sales that we're doing are for other incremental verticals like the financials rather than just relying on K-12. But the K-12 spending right now is still going good for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Rogers from D.A. Davidson.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I guess, first thing, in terms of the pipeline project opportunities, Jim, are they -- how quickly do you need to see that work actually get booked and actually executed this year? Is this something that we need to see in the second quarter given that's the time period when normally those projects come out?
James F. O'Neil: No, John. I would say that in the pipeline business on mainline pipe, once your notice of award -- you get the notice of award, you could mobilize immediately within the next week or 2 on that project. So it's very -- it's a very quick mobilization from the time of award. At least the projects that we're seeing here in the near term, that's the way it will be. So it's not like we get an award and then it goes to construction 6 months later. It moves fairly rapidly.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then on the large electric transmission projects, are you seeing a shift at all in that market towards more sequential small projects away from large lump sum projects?
James F. O'Neil: We are seeing our smaller project revenues ramp at the same pace as the large projects. So they're both very active right now or they have been. We continue to believe that the small transmission market will continue to grow for the next several years.
Derrick A. Jensen: Much of that work though still is lump sum work.
James F. O'Neil: That's right. Most of it is lump sum work and the visibility is limited in backlog and when projects will be awarded and move to construction. But it is a very active market right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann from Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Thanks for the color on the electric side you kind of gave and idea of what the average project size that you're working on today is. Just curious if you can give us some similar context like that for the pipeline stuff, obviously, not on what you're working on today, but on the large diameter stuff that you could be working and you're looking at bidding on today for the future, obviously excluding Keystone. Just give us some sense about what the opportunities that might be like.
James F. O'Neil: Andy, I'd rather stay away from that right now. I would say that we typically announce projects that are at $100 million or greater in size. And that's just a general rule that we've been applied the last -- over the last several years. But we really don't want to talk about any of these pipeline projects until we have a signed contract and a start date. And then we'll be glad to provide as much information and color as we're allowed to by the customer.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Fair response. I've figured I'd try. The balance sheet is still sitting with, as you mentioned, over $800 million of liquidity and still the cash from the telecom sale -- just as you think and strategically here, Jim, you haven't really commented on the M&A environment always part of what you do. And talk about the activity level there and maybe the potential or the size of deals that you're looking at here today, adjacencies to what you currently do, et cetera.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick, actually. The -- from a use of capital perspective, our obviously #1 in areas of focus continues to be working capital. When you use a -- just to the extent that the large project that Jim spoke about, there was a little demand, a fair amount of working capital. And so our #1 priority is to ensure we have plenty of working capital or cash availability to support the growth and then as well associated CapEx. But then, yes, acquisitions and our investments are next priority. From that, we continue to be quite active. We haven't had a material transaction closed in a bit. We did have a small transaction closed in the first quarter, recently, small transaction. But we're active, we're opportunistic and we don't have anything that we target from a size of an acquisition or a timing of an acquisition, but we continue to be quite active in the pursuit of those opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Mannes from Avondale.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, just I want to focus a little bit more on Q1 as well on the electric side. Given that the -- as far as I can see, this is the strongest quarterly revenue you've ever put up and you put it up in the first quarter. But just wondering if there was any material impact either from maybe counter seasonal work in Canada? Or number two, was there any sort of post-Sandy work that maybe fell through in the first quarter that was maybe more or better than previously anticipated?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I would say that there was probably limited post-Sandy work going into the first quarter. Most of that was completed in early December. The seasonal -- the performance in the first quarter, I think it's just good execution and good weather throughout the country. I mean, we've got a significant amount of activity going on in Texas. We'd have great production on CREZ, great production in California and other parts of the country. So it's just overall having good weather elements over the -- on average on 17 projects throughout North America and great execution. So we're very pleased with the results and then hopefully, we'll be able to continue that into the next few quarters and beyond.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And then a quick follow-up on that. With some of the CREZ work winding down, I think some of it wound down in the first quarter in Lone Star and some of it maybe later in the year and then a big pickup in Canada. How mobile is your labor force in terms of project management? Or how do you manage that internally given pretty different geographies for this work?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, that's one thing that I would say that we excel at is moving resources across the country to mobilize on opportunities that come to us. And we're not concerned at all right now. I mean we feel that we still have the ability to take on additional work even at today's level of activity, and we'll continue to pursue opportunities. If we can get the right margins in projects, we'll certainly pursue them in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noelle Dilts from Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First on looking at transition orders, I know a few folks have cited how strong they were. But if I strip out the Island Falls Key Lake project in Eastern Alberta, it actually looks like order is kind of outside of the identical -- identifiable projects over the past few quarters have slowed a bit, and that seems counter to what you're saying. So I'm just -- I want to know if that's attributable mostly just to lumpiness or if you have any thoughts on that?
James F. O'Neil: It's lumpy. I mean, and that's one thing we try to convey and communicate every quarter is that large project awards can be lumpy quarter-over-quarter, and you have to look at the long term. And we've continued to say that our Electric Segment backlog will remain strong going forward, and we do not see any fundamental changes in the drivers of transmission over the next year, and we'll continue to say that. So you can't get caught up in not seeing any awards in the quarter or if you get 3 or 4 awards in the quarter, it doesn't mean we're going to grow at 50% or 80% like we did last year either. So you just -- it's going to be strong going forward. And until we see otherwise, we'll continue to communicate that same message.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then secondly, I appreciated your comment when you talked about being disciplined on bidding on some of these larger pipeline projects. I'm just curious, as you -- I think we've seen a lot of smaller and large projects, but NGL-type products -- projects in the south that you don't really participate in, but some of your maybe more competitive, competitors do. So I was curious, have you seen some of that capacity tightened up? Are you starting to see more disciplined bidding on some of these jobs? Are you seeing just any change in how competitive that bidding is? And also we've heard quite a bit about a shift toward more negotiations away from competitive bid. And can you comment on if you're seeing that trend in the industry?
James F. O'Neil: I would say capacity in the industry is tight, and one of the big drivers is that a lot of the big pipe or mainline resources are mobilized in shales doing gathering work. We're going to continue to remain disciplined in bidding and only pursue opportunities where we believe we have the right margins in projects to mitigate the risk of doing those jobs. And I don't see -- I think that as far as negotiated work and so forth, I would just say that we're not seeing that right now. It's the traditional bidding environment, but probably with only the players that customers have the comfort that they've got the capacity to carry out the capital programs in the future because it is a tight market.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Craig Irwin from Wedbush.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just a housekeeping question. I noticed you bumped your CapEx guidance for the year. Can you comment about whether this is due to limited availability of equipment out of the rental houses. Maybe if there's something specific that had you increase your capital requirements for the year, if this is maybe something for gas or electric power or if this is just due to greater project activity possibly in the back end of the year or next year?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. Actually, it's really none of those. It's us moving forward on the development of a training facility. We've committed this year to put forward some, obviously, $10 million to $15 million for the development of a training facility, which will be used for both pipeline group and our electric power group, which we think provides us a much more steady and reliable location to provide that training to our employees. And at the same time, we ultimately think it will reduce our cash, out-of-pocket costs associated with any of that training.
Operator: There appears to be no further questions. Please continue with any other points you wish to raise.
James F. O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our first quarter 2013 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes the Quanta Services First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thanks for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Co-Founder and Managing Partner James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and President of Infrasource FI LLC Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call on the 21st of February, 2013. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand the call over to Kip Rupp. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Michaela, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information e-mailed to you when they occur, please sign up for e-mail information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 21, 2013, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter and full year financial results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. Before I begin my overview, I'll comment that any references to financial results in my prepared remarks have been adjusted to exclude discontinued operations. 2012 was a record year for Quanta. Our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results reflect strong demand for our services and continued solid project execution. For the full year, revenues increased 41%, and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 143%. Our 12-month backlog was near record levels, and total backlog was at record levels as of December 31, 2012. Our employee count at the end of this year's fourth quarter was approximately 17,800, up 15% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. We are in a dynamic environment where Quanta is recognized as the industry leader in providing energy infrastructure solutions to our customers. We are also the employer of choice and continue to retain and attract exceptional people into our organization. Despite working nearly 10 million more work hours in 2012 than 2011, we reduced our lost time incident rate by 17%, which demonstrates our commitment to safety and the high quality of our workforce. These factors contributed to organic revenue growth exceeding $1 billion in 2012, or an increase of approximately 36%. We believe we are in the early stages of a multiyear build-out of energy infrastructure in North America and remain well-positioned to maintain our leadership role in the industries we serve. We will continue to leverage this leadership position and execute our strategic initiatives to grow both organically and selectively through acquisition, as we actively pursue opportunities to expand solutions to our customers and further differentiate Quanta from our competition. Effective January 1, I promoted Duke Austin to Chief Operating Officer to lead the pursuit of these strategic initiatives and to lead our organization into the future. Duke brings over 25 years of experience in the markets we serve and is the fourth generation of his family serving the electric power industry. I'm very pleased to have Duke in this extremely important role. We continue to build momentum in our Electric Power segment during the fourth quarter. We were in construction on a record 14 large electric transmission projects with contract value averaging over $200 million throughout North America. We were just as active on smaller transmission projects as customers continue to upgrade existing transmission infrastructure to comply with NERC reliability standards. Our electric distribution revenues grew near double-digit rates for the full year of 2012 as our customers' focus on reliability has been heightened due to the storm events impacting the United States over the past 2 years. During the quarter, our emergency restoration service revenues were approximately $130 million, driven primarily by Hurricane Sandy, which impacted the Northeast United States. More than 8 million homes lost power due to this devastation, and Quanta deployed more than 800 crews to 12 states in the District of Columbia to assist with the power restoration efforts. Preplanning with our customers in the days before Hurricane Sandy made landfall allowed us to position the majority of our resources in impacted areas well advance of the storm, enabling us to begin restoring possible as soon as it was safe to work. Our employees had no serious safety incidents despite working more than 40,000 man-hours in an extremely challenging environment. I want to congratulate our crews for their commitment to safety and thank them for their dedication to restore power to the victims of this catastrophe. While emergency restoration revenues positively impacted our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results, our record results in 2012 were also driven by strong performance in our Electric Power segment due to the significant volume and solid execution of electric transmission projects underway. Excluding emergency restoration revenues in each period, Electric Power segment revenues grew approximately 39% in 2012 over 2011. The electric utility industry continues to drive initiatives to improve the reliability of North America's electric transmission and distribution system and to interconnect new generation sources. We continue to believe that transmission spending will remain robust for at least the next several years and likely beyond, driven by reliability mandates, switching generation from coal to gas and the interconnection of new and existing renewable generation facilities. Turning to our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment. Revenues increased substantially in 2012 as compared to 2011. More importantly, operating income increased $139 million year-over-year, primarily due to our strategic shift over the last 18 months to capitalize on shale infrastructure opportunities throughout the United States and Canada. We expect demand for our pipeline shale gathering services to remain active in 2013. Our customers continue to execute development programs in liquid-rich shales at a fast pace, and insufficient gathering pipeline infrastructure in many of these areas remains a bottleneck to efficiently transport product to market and processing areas. We are in active discussions with several customers and believe a meaningful volume of large-diameter, long-haul pipeline or mainline projects will be awarded over the next several quarters. We believe several of these projects could move into construction in the second half of 2013 and beyond. We expect an improved mainline market environment in 2014, one that the industry has not seen for several years. We will continue to gain more clarity on industry dynamics and the progress of mainline projects over the next few months. In our Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment, revenues for the year increased 12%, primarily due to the growth in providing telecommunication infrastructure services to non-telecom customers. Our fiber licensing contract sales within this segment increased at a healthy double-digit growth rate for the year. The increase in contract sales in 2012 leads us to believe that Fiber Optic Licensing revenues could increase in the double-digit range in 2013. However, as telecommunication work is no longer a strategic priority, we anticipate other telecom revenues will likely decline, offsetting any increases in Fiber Optic Licensing revenues. Turning to our outlook for 2013. The midpoint of our guidance indicates modest year-over-year growth after adjusting record 2012 emergency restoration revenues of $250 million to normalized levels of $100 million for our 2013 forecast. In addition, our guidance takes into account several factors. First, consistent with last year, our guidance takes into account potential delays in future electric transmission projects awards that may come into construction in the second half of this year. There are a number of large electric transmission projects that we expect will be awarded over the coming months that we believe we are well positioned to receive. However, a challenging and uncertain regulatory environment can cause delays in project awards and project starts. We believe transmission spending remains strong and will continue over the next several years. As we have indicated in the past, the timing of large electric transmission project awards can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. However, adjusting for a more normalized contribution of emergency restoration services, the higher end of our expectations contemplate potential double-digit revenue growth in Electric Power revenues if project awards do in fact materialize. The second factor is the approach we have taken towards forecasting our Electric Power segment operating margins for 2013. In 2012, we generated 12.4% operating income margins in the Electric Power segment, which resulted in margins for the year above our prior 9% to 12% expectations. Three major factors contributed to our margin success: stellar execution, good weather throughout the year and a record storm year. Our guidance reflects the midpoint of our 9% to 12% operating margin segment expectations. And finally, in our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment, we have no uncommitted mainline construction revenues in our guidance for 2013. While we believe mainline project construction is possible in the second half of this year, we will not include any projects in guidance until we have a signed contract and a firm construction start date, which is consistent with the approach we established last year. We have taken a different approach to forecasting uncommitted shale gathering revenues in 2013. Last year, we did not forecast uncommitted shale gathering revenues because we were working with new customers in new markets. This year, we are forecasting enough uncommitted shale projects so that shale revenues for the full year of 2013 are comparable to 2012. We transitioned to this approach because shale gathering contracts, although quickly booked and burned, have been similar to master service agreements, where the customer contracts have been relatively consistent and repeatable. We will continue to strive to perform at levels seen in 2012. And as the year progresses, we will evaluate all factors and their influence on our expected financial performance. In summary, 2012 was Quanta's best year ever. While we are proud of our accomplishments in 2012, we are focused on the future and continue to implement strategic initiatives to position Quanta for near-term and long-term profitable growth. We could not have accomplished what we did in 2012 without our dedicated employees who are the very best in the industry. We believe we are in the early stages of a significant multiyear energy infrastructure investment cycle, and that the demand for Quanta Services provide -- remains robust for at least the next several years. Our total backlog is at record levels, and our 12-month backlog is at near record levels despite the significant revenue growth we experienced in 2012. We are confident that Quanta can continue to safely execute current and future projects for our customers, and we look forward to reporting our progress to you as we move through 2013. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our Chief Financial Officer, for his financial review of the fourth quarter. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Before I discuss the results of the quarter, I'll remind everyone that on December 3, 2012, we sold our telecommunications subsidiaries, which comprised substantially all of our domestic telecommunications infrastructure services operations. We have presented these as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements for the current and prior periods. As such, the amounts presented in our earnings release and discussed in my following comments do not compare to our previous SEC filings, which have not been adjusted to reflect these discontinued operations. However, for comparative purposes, we have posted certain prior-period information on our website reflecting these discontinued operations. I will discuss the impact of the transaction on our fourth quarter results later in my presentation. Today, we announced revenues of $1.67 billion for the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to $1.39 billion in the prior year's fourth quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 20% quarter-over-quarter. Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the quarter was $102.4 million or $0.48 per diluted share as compared to net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock of $58.7 million or $0.28 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of last year. As discussed in our previous fourth quarter guidance, included in net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the fourth quarter of 2012 is $2.7 million of income or $0.01 per diluted share from the release of income tax contingencies. Included in net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the fourth quarter of 2011 is $8.4 million of income from the release of income tax contingencies and settlements of certain tax audits and a $32.6 million charge to cost of services or $20.4 million net of tax related to a pension plan withdrawal liability. The net impact of these 2 items to the fourth quarter of 2011 resulted in a $0.06 reduction in diluted earnings per share. The growth in consolidated revenues in the fourth quarter of 2012 was driven by growth across all of Quanta's segments, as well as the incremental contribution of approximately $69.5 million in revenues from companies acquired since the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding the impact from acquired companies, organic growth for the quarter was 15.1%. Our consolidated gross margin increased to 17.1% in the fourth quarter of 2012 from 12.9% in 4Q '11. Contributing to this increase was the impact of the previously mentioned withdrawal charge, which affected the Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment in the fourth quarter of 2011. Consolidated gross margin without the effect of this charge was 15.2% for the fourth quarter of 2011. The remaining increase was due to strong performance in each of our segments, as well as the impact of higher revenues, which improved our ability to cover fixed operating costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $117 million, reflecting an increase of $27.6 million as compared to last year's fourth quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $14.8 million in higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with increased levels of activity and profitability and $3.3 million in additional administrative expenses associated with companies acquired during 2012. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 7% in the fourth quarter of 2012 from 6.4% in the fourth quarter of 2011, primarily due to the impact of incentive compensation costs associated with this quarter's record results. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense increased from 6.5% in 4Q '11 to 10.1% in 4Q '12. Excluding the withdrawal charge, operating margin before amortization expense would have been 8.8% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $8.3 million in 4Q '11 to $8.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 due to acquisitions in the first and second quarters of 2012. Overall, for the quarter, our performance versus previous expectations was driven by record emergency restoration services of $130 million and better productivity on several projects, primarily in electric transmission, which led to greater revenue and profit recognition. To further discuss our segment results, the Electric Power's segment's revenues were up about $204.8 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 21%. The record emergency restoration service revenues of approximately $130 million this quarter is an increase of approximately $86 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. For the full year 2012, our emergency restoration revenues increased 45% over 2011 to a record $250 million, surpassing the previous high mark of $206 million generated in 2008. Revenues during the quarter were also positively impacted by higher revenue from electric power transmission services, resulting from an increase in the number and size of projects that were ongoing in 4Q '12 compared to 4Q '11. Lastly, revenues increased due to the incremental contribution of $67.9 million in segment revenues from companies acquired in 2012. Organic growth in this segment without revenues from acquired companies was still 14.1%. At the end of the fourth quarter, 12-month backlog for the Electric Power segment increased 22% to $2.9 billion, and total backlog for this segment decreased slightly by 1% to $4.9 billion compared to the end of the fourth quarter of 2011. 12-month backlog for this segment is at a record level and has grown sequentially every quarter of 2011 and 2012, despite sequential revenue growth in this segment for all but 1 of the last 8 quarters. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment remains relatively flat at 13.4% in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to 13.5% in last year's fourth quarter. Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by 18.5% to $445.9 million in 4Q '12, primarily due to an increase in the number of shale gathering system projects currently under construction. Additionally, we saw increases in revenues from natural gas distribution services as the outsourced gas distribution work for Puget Sound Energy had just started in the third quarter of 2011. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2012, 12-month and total backlog for the segment increased about 4% and 17%, respectively, compared to the end of the fourth quarter of 2011. As we've commented before, Keystone is not in any of the backlog figures presented in our pipeline segments. Operating income for the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment as a percentage of revenues increased to 6.2% in 4Q '12 from a negative 9.5% in 4Q '11. As previously noted, in the fourth quarter of 2011, this segment's operating results were negatively impacted by the withdrawal charge. Excluding this expense, operating margin for our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment would have been a negative 0.1% in 4Q '11. Additionally, 4Q '11 was negatively impacted by increased project costs related to performance issues caused by adverse weather conditions, as well as the Teamsters' union labor strike in the fourth quarter of 2011. The current-year period was positively impacted by the overall increase in the volume of this segment's revenues due to the shift to more shale gathering system projects and our ability to execute this work consistently at mid- to upper-single digit operating margins. Excluding last year's withdrawal charge, this is the fifth sequential quarter with improvements in operating margin for the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment. The results of our Electric Power and Natural Gas and Pipeline segments were impacted slightly from the disposition of our telecommunications subsidiaries, as the subsidiaries we sold did perform some electrical and pipeline services. We have combined the residual telecommunications work performed by our remaining subsidiaries with our Fiber Optic Licensing business to create a new combined segment called Fiber Optic Licensing and Other Infrastructure Services. This segment's revenues were $47.8 million in 4Q '12 as compared to $41.9 million in 4Q '11. Additionally, operating margin was 34% in 4Q '12 as compared to 37.3% in 4Q '11. Due to the lower volumes of telecom revenue in this segment, individual telecom project performance can create more significant swings in operating margins, but in general, we believe that this segment will average operating margins in the mid-30% range. When calculating operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense for our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effect of such expenses. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $12 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 as compared to 4Q '11, primarily as a result of $7.7 million in higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with current levels of operating activity and profitability and $0.6 million in higher amortization expense associated with intangible assets. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, as calculated in today's press release, was $0.51 for the fourth quarter of 2012 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.38 for 4Q '11. As it relates to the disposition of our telecommunications subsidiaries this quarter, we had a net loss from discontinued operations this quarter of $0.02 per diluted share. Included in these results was a pretax gain of approximately $18 million or an after-tax loss of $14.3 million resulting from the transaction, which negatively impacted discontinued operations by $0.07 per diluted share for the quarter. The net proceeds from the transaction of approximately $265 million are currently being utilized for general corporate purposes. However, we continue to evaluate additional strategic acquisitions and investments as we look to opportunistically expand our geographic and strategic service offerings. Cash flow from continuing operations was approximately $177.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures net of proceeds from equipment sales were about $57.4 million, resulting in approximately $119.8 million in free cash flow for the quarter. For the full year of 2012, cash flow from operations of about $158.7 million, less net capital expenditures of about $197 million, resulted in approximately $38 million of negative free cash flow. Contributing to the negative cash flow for the year was a substantial revenue growth and the working capital demands associated with funding the large projects ongoing during the year. Specifically, cash flow has been impacted by increases in receivables and net positions on jobs in progress. Our days sales outstanding or DSOs were 82 days at December 31, 2012, versus 66 days at December 31, 2011, and 91 days at September 30, 2012. The increase in DSOs from the prior year end is due in part to the significant storm work I spoke of earlier, a majority of which remains uncollected as of year end due to the timing of when the work was performed during the fourth quarter. In addition, the change orders associated with the Sunrise project are impacting this year's fourth quarter and have not yet been settled due to the substantial volume of underlying supporting records that are being reviewed by the customers. Certain balances have been paid since our last earnings conference call. However, a significant amount of the change orders remain in cost in excess of billings and contribute to the overall higher DSO. Detailed discussions and document reviews, although slow, are progressing with the customer, and we currently aren't unaware of any circumstances warranting any adjustments to the amounts invoiced. EBITA for the quarter of 2012 was $166.8 million or 10% of revenues compared to about $85.3 million or 6.1% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2011. Adjusted EBITDA was $203.8 million or 12.2% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to $151.4 million or 10.9% for the fourth quarter of 2011. For the 12 months in the 2012, adjusted EBITDA was $635.3 million or 10.7% of revenues compared to $375 million or 8.9% of revenues for 2011. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and DSOs can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. At December 31, 2012, we had about $183 million in letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program, and we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $395 million in cash, with $141 million of the balance related to foreign operations. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $912 million in total liquidity as of December 31. Concerning our outlook for 2013, we expect revenues for the first quarter of 2013 to range between $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be $0.28 to $0.30 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.33 billion and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.22 in 1Q '12. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 1Q '13 includes an estimate of $5.6 million for noncash compensation expenses and $5.3 million for amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the first quarter are expected to be $0.31 to $0.33 when compared to our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.26 in 1Q '12. This non-GAAP measure is calculated on the same basis as the historical calculations of adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations presented in this release. We currently expect revenues for the full year of 2013 to range between $5.7 billion to $6.2 billion and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.10 to $1.40 on a GAAP basis. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2013 includes an estimate of $26.1 million for noncash compensation expense and $20.2 million of amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for 2013 are expected to be between $1.23 to $1.53. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interests to be approximately $3 million to $3.5 million in the first quarter of 2013 and around $12 million to $13 million for the year. For additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be between 35.5% and 36.5% for 2013 and expect our diluted share count to be around 214 million shares. We expect CapEx for all of 2013 to be approximately $200 million to $210 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing segment of about $35 million to $45 million. And this compares to CapEx for all of 2012 of $209 million. 2012 was an exceptional year for Quanta. We ended the year with record revenues growing 36% organically year-over-year, record operating income, record electric power operating margins, record emergency restoration services and record total backlog, just to name a few. We made significant strategic moves, including selling substantially all of our domestic telecommunication infrastructure services operations, enabling us to further strategically focus on energy infrastructure markets and making additional acquisitions and investments providing further strategic differentiation from our competitors. All of this while ultimately maintaining a strong balance sheet, leaving us well-positioned for continued internal growth and further strategic initiatives. We are proud of our year and the hard work of our employees who helped produce it. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Dan Mannes from Avondale.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And I just had a brief question, particularly on the pipeline segment. When you talk about the shale work for '13, you sort of talk through how you get to the revenue side. Can you talk through how we should think about margins on the shale work, especially given the nice improvement we were seeing sequentially during the course of '12 on shale work?
James F. O'Neil: Dan, we're saying that we should be in the mid- to upper-single-digit range on shale gathering work. That's without any big pipe for the year. Certainly, we're getting more volume. We've gotten more volume throughout the second half of the year. And Bob [ph], I would be disappointed if we weren't in the upper end of that range this year for the shale gathering work.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then secondly on mainline, and I definitely hear your caution there in terms of putting stuff in guidance when it's unawarded, and especially given all the regulatory issues we've seen. But we're sort of hearing from the pipe developers that there's certainly a sense of maybe some concern about availability. We're even hearing some of the large developers talking about entering into alliance agreements and things like that. Can you talk about maybe your positioning for those types of arrangements beyond even KXL, and how you're looking to participate in the mainline market over the next couple of years?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I think since August, we've been talking to you guys about how the communication between our customers has changed on the pipeline side and that we've been in discussions with many customers because of the amount of work that's going to be let out toward the end of this year and '14. And so you could have more of those strategic-type relationships versus RFPs going out, what you would normally see in a normal pipeline season. So I think that, that's the type of opportunities. We're in discussions right now with many customers. We're very pleased with the progress that we're seeing in the mainline pipeline business, and we certainly expect to see some big things, if not by the end of this year, into '14. So that would be my comments on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question is on guidance at the low end. Again, you've done a great job of explaining the nuances. But if I take the $1.46 and, let's say, take out around $0.15 for telecom, take out maybe another $0.08 to $0.10 for outside storm work, I'd still end up with $1.20, which is above your lower end. So should I assume that the difference is more your caution or what you're building in regards to electric transmission as new projects roll out? And as you've mentioned -- or I guess, how should I be looking at the delta between 2012 and 2013 at the lower end, given shale work that you're assuming is kind of in line with last year?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think that the big variance between the midpoint and the lower end would be that more of the transmission that we expect or even that we have in backlog would get pushed into the next period because of regulatory delays. And also, the margin position that we've taken. Certainly, we could have some seasonality or not as good execution to get to the middle of that 9% to 12% OpEx. So that would be the scenario on the lower end, that we would have lower margins and perhaps projects get pushed into the next period that we certainly expect will move to construction this year. But if they don't, then that will get us to the lower end of the range, which with the electric transmission is a big variable between the midpoint and the low point.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. That makes a lot of sense. And second question is, I know Keystone remains out there and a moving target. How should we be thinking about how you're treating your capacity and if you're locking some down for Keystone? Is that impacting your ability to bid on some of these long-haul pipelines? And also, if you look at some of the alternates, some other projects that have sprung up in regards to the oil sands in Canada, this seems fairly large. If I add them all up, maybe as large as Keystone. Could you talk about your market positioning in Canada versus the U.S.? And even if Keystone doesn't go through, does that imply that the eventual outcome will be net neutral for you?
James F. O'Neil: Well, you had a couple of questions there. Let me just address that we've got more capacity than any other contractor in the industry. So we've got 9 spreads that could possibly expand up to 12. So Keystone is not going to inhibit us from pursuing other pipeline opportunities. So -- and as far as Canada goes, we're well positioned in Canada, probably even more so in Canada, to take advantage of opportunities to build out projects there as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions -- or a couple of questions. First, on the electric power side. How should we think about margins on the electric power side? I mean, over the past couple of quarters, you've exceeded your sort of your target range given utilization and higher margin stuff that's in backlog. How do we think about that? And you talk about -- your guide seems conservative, and I understand you want to be cognizant of any potential regulatory delays or whatever, but are there any particular projects that you -- we should be watching or that could really move the needle? And then my last question is on the gas pipeline side. As the market starts to heat up, should we expect Quanta to lag in terms of winning projects just as you want to wait for better pricing? Or do you think the market is tight enough where we shouldn't see that?
James F. O'Neil: Okay. To answer the pipeline question first, we -- there won't be a lag. I mean, the industry is already tight, and I think that there's opportunities out there for us, and we're having discussions with our customers just like others are today. And it's a different environment today, and there could be opportunities that move into construction this year. For certain, in '14, we've already had work booked in '14. We can't talk about the detail, but we've got work booked in '14. So it's going to be a robust market, and there's not going to be any lag effect. As far as the electric power margins, I mean, our utilization will continue to be high, and we expect to have stellar execution as well throughout this year. The factors that affect that is that we had such great weather last year that we felt like it was prudent for us to set the bar in the middle of the range and then we'll revisit how our financial performance is throughout the year and adjust accordingly, if necessary. But it's the weather and the excess storm revenues that were predominantly driving the margin improvement in 2012, as well as great execution. So we're just going to -- it's early in the year. We'll just see how things play out. And certainly, we hope to repeat what we did in '12, but we just have to have some things going for us in order for that to happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Will Gabrielski from Lazard Capital Markets.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: The questions I had, I guess, one, on the distribution of small projects side, PSE&G yesterday had an announcement about a 10-year plan to upgrade the grid, trying to fortify it from events like Hurricane Sandy. And then on that type of smaller project work and maybe in the distribution market, I'm wondering what your views are of the utility's ability to do that work internally today versus the need to outsource, and if you could compare it to, say, like 5 years ago when the housing market was healthier, considering the housing market has certainly improved over the last year.
James F. O'Neil: Well, distribution's very regional, Will. And many of our customers outsource a lot of these capital projects and then some do most of their work with their own resources internally. I think across the board, you are seeing increased activity and a tight workforce, not only contractor workforce, but utility workforce to do this type of work, which is an opportunity for us going forward. So -- but we do think that distribution spending will be good going forward, and we've baked some of that in to our midpoint guidance less the excess storm that we've seen in '12.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as my follow-up, obviously, it seems like you've found a comfort zone in the pipeline business at around a 6% margin, absent any large-diameter work that may be coming. And I'm just wondering, is that kind of the level to think about absent large-diameter work going forward from here?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think you need to look at seasonality. I mean, our margins have continued to improve in this segment, and yet a lot of our work was in the Marcellus in the fourth quarter, which was impacted by Hurricane Sandy. So we had some weather impacts on that segment and -- specifically gathering work, and we were still able to deliver improved margins quarter-over-quarter. So like I said earlier, my expectations are that we're in the top end of that mid to high range. The seasonality in January is going to be low, though. I mean, we are in a seasonal period right now, so we expect margins should be better throughout the year as weather gets better, which is the typical seasonality we see in all of our business. Third -- second and third quarter, we should have better weather impacts than we do in the first and the fourth in a normal weather pattern year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Rygiel from FBR.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Could you discuss the 14 large transmission projects that will be completed at some point? How many of those are going to get completed in 2013? And how many projects do you have sort of in your backlog that you think you're going to be starting in 2013 at this moment?
James F. O'Neil: I think that we'll probably have 6-or-so projects start rolling off, but we've got 6-or-so projects rolling on, plus others that are out there that we feel we're well-positioned to be awarded. But it's like we've experienced over the last couple of years, that regulatory delays could impact the start of those projects. So we still think the large transmission project market is very strong, as reflected by our backlog, and we think that will continue for the next several years. But we will have some movement on projects rolling off and projects rolling on in '13, much more than we did in '12.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: That's helpful. And Jim, can you quantify the Sunrise change orders? And is there any cautiousness in your guidance from the uncertainty of the Sunrise change orders?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Alex, this is Derrick. Relative to quantification, we haven't really stated a specific number since we're still in negotiations with the customer. I'd say that the balance is roughly less than 1/2 of our total cost in excess balance. And then relative to expectations, we haven't factored in anything relative to any adjustments in that receivable.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Very helpful. And one last question, could you just talk big picture about your outlook for backlog in 12 months? Do you think you can expand backlog within electric transmission during that period of time?
James F. O'Neil: Alex, I think it's possible. I mean, we continue to use the word strong for backlog because it's more qualitative, because of the choppiness or the lumpiness in awards. But the markets there would not tick [ph] by any means, and it's going to be a strong year for transmission. So as far as backlog being up at the end of the year, it's quite possible that it could be, but it's going to depend largely on the timing of the project awards in the certain calendar periods in which we measure backlog. And so -- but it should be a good year.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Irwin from Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Jim, so in the past and even on this call, you've talked a little bit about potentially splitting some of your spreads, with 6 of the 9 currently in shale. Can you maybe give us a little bit of color on how the decision process would move on splitting those spreads, whether or not you would split spreads specifically to capture more shale work, or if this is something that you would do more to increase the overall capacity if sort of large-diameter pipe projects become available later this year?
James F. O'Neil: Well, it's all of the above, Craig. I mean, we've got a complement of equipment that we could use for whatever the customer opportunity is. So I mean, it could be to pursue more shale work or it could be to pursue more mainline work or a combination of the above. The main thing is we have the leadership, the project superintendents and the leadership, and that next level of leadership that's been trained and developed over the years to be able to lead a spread as well. So we're very flexible in that way, and I think that's an advantage, to be in one of the largest providers of that service in North America. So we're positioned to expand if necessary.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. And now with the disposal of the telecom segment, the dark fiber segment is something that really stands out as really not being so utility-focused, great cash flow business, great growth business for the long term. But can you discuss with us whether or not you have or maybe could consider offers for this business? And can you discuss with us why the operating margins in this segment dipped sequentially to mid-30s? Was this a function really because of the telecom segment disposal impacting project initiations, or if this is something short term and we should see the margins normalized to the roughly 50% level where they've been over the last few years?
James F. O'Neil: That's a good question, Craig. We've actually put all other telecom work, and we still do telecom services but for non-telecom customers, which is typically the electric -- the investor-owned utilities who have telecom infrastructure installed on their electric power infrastructure. And so that other telecom now goes into that Fiber Optic Licensing segment. So basically, that revenue was prior in the telecom segment, but now it's been moved into the Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment. So Fiber Optic Licensing margins are -- continue to be consistent. But the construction margins from the non-telecom customers brings that margin down somewhat, now that it's lumped into this new segment -- or it's an addition to the Fiber Optic Licensing segment. As far as the Fiber Optic Licensing group, we look at that completely different than we did the telecom segment. That's a good business right now. It's a good place for us to put capital to grow the revenues at very nice margins. Is it strategic to us? It's not in the energy infrastructure segment. Did we look at opportunities to either grow it or even divest? Yes. But we don't feel like we've really capitalized on the investment or we've seen the returns on the investment that we've made over the last few years, and that asset in general hasn't reached its value, in our opinion, to date because of the investments we've made in different regions, which -- so we evaluate options on what we're going to do with that segment, and we'll continue to do so going forward. But it's a good business for us, and we're going to continue to grow it over the next several years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noelle Dilts from Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First question I have, if you could just discuss how current activity levels and project opportunities in Canada compare to the U.S., both for transmission and pipeline?
James F. O'Neil: I think we've characterized in the past that Canada is about 1 year to 18 months behind the U.S. on the electric side. So it's starting to ramp up like we experienced in the U.S. toward the end of '10 and into '11. So it's a very robust marketplace, and it's going to be more active. Pipeline is really moving forward at the same pace that we're seeing in the U.S. right now, and there should be opportunities in '14 and beyond, certainly, that we'll be able to capitalize on.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then if Keystone is approved, could you just talk about some of the steps that will have to happen before you could potentially move into construction and how quickly you think that could happen? Would you have to go back and kind of renegotiate terms? I'm just curious to know what the steps are at this point that would have to happen.
James F. O'Neil: No, we're ready to go when it gets approved. Yes, it's -- but we could move as fast as the customer's ready to move to construction. So it's -- things are pretty much in place for us to be pretty efficient from the time the project is approved to move to construction. We'll move as fast as our customer wants us to move.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vishal Shah from Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify your guidance assumptions. What kind of revenue growth are you assuming from some of the smaller transmission work this year? I believe that segment was very strong last year. Can you continue to see the kind of growth that you saw last year in the segment?
James F. O'Neil: In our guidance, we've assumed that we would have -- and this, again, is the excess storm revenue in 2012. So when we look at $100 million in storm being projected in our guidance for '13, we are looking at mid-single digit growth in transmission at the midrange. And like I said on the call, we could get to double-digits or higher if things go well with the permitting and regulatory project in the -- or our process in the second half of the year. And on the low end, I mentioned that we just see more regulatory delays, and we currently anticipate to where we have somewhat negative growth in electric transmission on the low end of the range.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And on the margins in the pipeline segment, I believe a lot of the work this year will still be in the Marcellus. But if you sort of start seeing some of the other shale activity, do you see margins being at these levels? Or do you see mix shift impacting margins going forward? What are you thinking about some of the other solutions in that activity to improve margins going forward?
James F. O'Neil: Well, we won't take work unless we're in that mid- to upper-single digit range on gathering work. And we are continuing to grow opportunities in both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford that meet those margin expectations. So we think that there's opportunities not only to expand in the Marcellus potentially, but in these other shale regions as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer from BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Was there any mainline pipeline revenue in 2012?
James F. O'Neil: There was, in the beginning, in the first quarter of '12. We had some work in Texas as well as in Canada, and then we have a little bit of a small mainline job that we're doing in Canada that some of that revenue was in the fourth quarter and some of it will be in the first quarter of this year.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe you said this and I missed it, but can you comment on uses of cash now that you're after the telecom sale and strong cash flow in Q4, cash was up versus where we were this time last year?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. Yes, sure. This is Derrick. I mean, looking at cash and even as you look to the 2013 model, we would expect a stronger cash flow year in 2013 than here in 2012. But a lot of the things that were -- Jim has commented to about the large projects, whether they started in the latter part of '13, and more specifically, even his comments about mainline pipe going into 2014, we continue to believe that cash -- first priority is to deal with working capital associated with those large projects. Clearly, we have CapEx and, at the same time, we continue to be strategic relative to acquisitions and investments. I do think that you'll likely -- [Audio Gap] that occur potentially here in the latter part of '13 and into '14.
Operator: The next question comes from William Bremmer from Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Can you provide us, Jim, with a little update on the current pricing environment, both on the transmission side and pipeline side there? I guess my second question would really be going to Duke here, give us an update on the inspection and integrity market, what you're seeing there. And then finally, Derrick, I don't want to exclude you, SG&A, very nice, in my opinion, management, given the top line performance. Can you give us a little color for '13? Can we provide maybe a little more leverage to the model there, if that's possible for '13?
James F. O'Neil: Margins -- Bill, this is Jim. Margins in both the electric power segment and the pipeline segment continue to be strong. Margins in backlog are better -- equal or better than what we're experiencing today. So that's a good -- that's a reflection of the strong market that we're in today and the amount infrastructure that needs to be built. As far as integrity, the integrity business right now is a smaller part of the segment, but certainly, there are significant opportunities to grow that business over the next few years. And we're well positioned being one of the -- or the only contractor with its own [indiscernible] capabilities to provide a full service to our customer or provide a total solution to customers. So we're excited about that, and that's a great opportunity going forward. We're also doing work for PG&E as one of their program managers to help rebuild their gas infrastructure network as well. So we're excited about that. Derrick, I'll turn it over to you.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Bill, this is Derrick. Relative to the G&A, I would anticipate something along the lines, as a percentage of revenues in '13, as what you saw in '12. I don't think that you'll see any market increase. As a percentage of revenues, I think I'd hold it basically around the same.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a follow-up on that last question. My question around that was how much of a benefit you may have seen in the SG&A related to the disposition of the telecom business? I guess if you're suggesting that, as a percentage of overall revenues, there will be some benefit going forward from that, is that the way to think about it?
Derrick A. Jensen: Well, I guess I'd say it this way, that I mean, all of our telecommunications operations have been reflected down in discontinued operations. So the numbers that you're seeing now are for continuing operations G&A. And I would anticipate the continuing operations G&A for '13 to run somewhat comparable to what you're seeing in '12.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just a clarification on an earlier question on the topic of resource availability for the pipeline segment, should the big projects start to pick back up? I mean, it doesn't sound like there's any real concern about equipment capacity. Did I hear you right in saying that there really shouldn't be a resource constraint on the project manager side as well? Such that it would affect any other part of your business, you wouldn't have to take away from kind of wanting to choose where you're going to be, you can really have it all be additive, is that the way to think about it? Or do you have to hire more people?
James F. O'Neil: Well, on the leadership piece, certainly, we've been developing that next level of leadership for the last several years to prepare for this type of opportunity. So having project leadership to run additional spreads, whether it be in gathering system work or in mainline pipeline, we're well positioned to take advantage of that going forward, and it shouldn't be an issue. Of course, the industry is very tight on skilled labor right now and, certainly, that's a challenge. But we feel like we're well-positioned there as well, so that we won't be turning down any work until we're at spread capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wittman from Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just -- I wanted to ask about Howard Partners. We've seen some news out of them that they're making some investments. I guess, first off, can you talk about what's going on with Howard and how much capital that you might need to put into that venture?
James F. O'Neil: Well, Howard is doing exactly what we expected them to do. They're building out infrastructure in the Eagle Ford, which is probably one of the most dynamic shale plays in the world, certainly in the United States. And so we will continue to look at opportunities to invest with them. To date, we've invested...
Derrick A. Jensen: $93 million.
James F. O'Neil: $93 million. And we're certainly happy with that. Not only is it a great investment for us, it's bringing opportunities for -- construction opportunities for us in the Eagle Ford as well. So we'll continue to evaluate whether investments are prudent going forward and that -- with Howard Energy. But certainly, we're very pleased with what we've done to date in the opportunities that was brought to us.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got you. And just -- Derrick, just in terms of the equity and income line, that as a result of that -- as you look kind of the -- as you look into '13 here, can you just give us some color as to how you expect [indiscernible] might grow or change?
Derrick A. Jensen: Actually, I think that overall, it'll probably remain somewhat comparable to 2012. There'll be some offsets to that, as we've got pluses and minuses from various investments that are running through that line. But -- so overall, I think for the year, I probably expect something along the lines of probably around $1 million in total for that line.
Operator: The next question comes from John Rogers from Davidson.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Jim, first of all, you gave some comments relative to the distribution work in the pipeline business, but you had roughly $1.5 billion in revenue there. Is that the right way to think about your smaller pipeline capacity, within that range?
James F. O'Neil: I'm having a hard -- you're breaking up, John. I'm sorry, I can't catch the question.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I'm sorry. Is that better?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, sir.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Sorry, I apologize. In terms of your distribution capacity in natural gas, is it in that $1.5 billion range where your revenue levels were this year? I mean, you mentioned there was some mainline work, but just so I understand the capacity, mainline versus smaller pipe.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, distribution is a very small part of that segment. The vast majority of the revenue in that segment is from the gathering work that we're doing. I would say probably 70% to 80% of the revenues in that segment are from gathering. And then the rest of the 20% would be made up of pipeline integrity, gas distribution and so forth. Now with that said, distribution is also a significant opportunity for us because they are undergoing the same regulatory issues as far as integrity and upgrading the distribution systems. And that's a big opportunity that goes hand-in-hand with the same comments I made about pipeline integrity. It's a growth opportunity for us over the next few years.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned some of the returns on the capital in your various businesses. What's the gap right now between the returns in the electric power versus the natural gas business? And how long before they start to -- before the natural gas, I assume, catches up with the kind of returns you're getting in the power business?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. The primary driver of that would be the commentary that Jim has made relative to when any of the mainline pipeline would come about. I think Jim has alluded to several times that, overall, we look for a 9% to 12% margin expectation for all of our segments. But what it would take for our pipeline segment currently to get to that range is the addition of some of the mainline construction that we're talking about. So once some of the mainline construction came about with even a few projects, we think we'd be able to get into that 9% to 12% range, which should be comparable to what you saw in electric power.
Operator: There appears to be no further questions. Please continue with any other points you wish to raise.
James F. O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our fourth quarter and full year 2012 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: This concludes the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thanks for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Founder and Managing Partner James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Rodney C. Clayton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Chris Godby - Stephens Inc., Research Division Ahmar M. Zaman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Andrew Buscaglia John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Martin W. Malloy - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, October 31, 2012. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Luke, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review third quarter 2012 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information e-mailed to you when they occur, please sign up for e-mail information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day. That can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, October 31, 2012, and therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011; its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and; its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Before I begin the call, on behalf of the Quanta management team, we would like to express our concerns to our friends, analysts and shareholders that may have been impacted by Hurricane Sandy, many of whom may not be able to participate on the call today. You are in our thoughts and prayers. After my operational overview, I will turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our third quarter financial results. Following Derrick's comments, we welcome your questions. We continue to see market momentum in our infrastructure segments, particularly our electric transmission and pipeline services. In addition, because of the many nuances in building major infrastructure projects in today's challenging environment, our customers have become more selective in choosing a construction partner that can successfully manage safety and environmental concerns, project timelines and execution while meeting budget expectations. Our third quarter performance reflects our customers' continued confidence in our ability to exceed expectations with consistent, safe and efficient execution. We are also -- we also expect strong demand for our services in the future from a broadening customer base as our infrastructure projects move forward. Our revenues in the third quarter were a record $1.69 billion, a 35% increase compared to the third quarter of 2011, and revenues for the first 9 months of this year have increased almost 49% compared to the same period last year. Our 12-month backlog is at record levels. Our employee count at the end of this year's third quarter was approximately 21,000, up 21% compared to the third quarter of last year and up 20% since the end of 2011. Although emergency restoration service revenues were $81 million for the quarter, the highest quarterly level since Hurricane Rita hit the Gulf Coast in the third quarter of 2008, the quarter-over-quarter increase of $16 million was negligible relative to the overall revenue growth in the quarter. Our third quarter results were primarily driven by a strong performance in our Electric Power segment due to the significant volume of electric transmission projects underway and our ability to safely execute those projects. Improved performance quarter-over-quarter and sequentially from our Natural Gas and Pipeline and Telecommunications segments also contributed to the strong results. Our Electric Power segment revenues continue to reflect significant growth, and 12-month backlog grew due to new contract awards. During the third quarter, Quanta was selected for 3 large electric transmission projects which have an aggregate value of approximately $400 million. We secured a contract from ATCO Electric to install transmission infrastructure for their Hanna Region Transmission Development Project in Southeast Alberta, Canada. This project is in the early stages of construction and is expected to be completed in 2013. Southern California Edison or SCE selected Quanta to install transmission infrastructure for SCE's Eldorado-Ivanpah Transmission Project. This project is in construction, with completion estimated by July of 2013. In addition, SCE selected Quanta to construct its Red Bluff Substation Project, which also includes the installation of 2 parallel transmission line segments in eastern Riverside County California. This project is in construction and is expected to be completed by the end of 2013. Quanta was also selected by American Electric Power or AEP to rebuild 66 miles of its 345-kilovolt line near Corpus Christi, Texas. We will perform this work while the line is in an energized state utilizing proprietary energized services capabilities and equipment to avoid service outages to AEP's customers during construction. This project is the first of 5 phases of energized transmission upgrades AEP has planned in this area which are projected for completion by March of 2016. Once completed, this first phase will represent the longest transmission line in the United States rebuilt in an energized state. And we believe we are well-positioned to be awarded the remaining 4 phases of this project. Our proprietary Energized Services strategically differentiate Quanta from others, enabling us to provide solutions to utilities that minimize disruption to their customers when upgrading or replacing electrical infrastructure. Last month, a Federal court entered an order finding that a product line sold by another company infringed on the United States patent for our LineMaster Robotic Arm. We will continue to be diligent in defending our proprietary technologies and work methods. The outlook for electric transmission spending remains strong. We continue to see a significant amount of additional new, large transmission program opportunities that we expect to be awarded over the next 12 months. In addition, smaller transmission project activity, which represents approximately 50% of our overall transmission revenues, is significant as our customers upgrade existing transmission infrastructure to comply with NERC reliability standards. Our electric distribution revenues continue to grow at near double-digit rates through the first 9 months of this year compared to the same period last year despite political and economic uncertainty. Pockets of distribution activity are being spurred by a pick-up in new home construction, but the primary driver of distribution activity continues to be reliability initiatives. Our Renewables revenues increased approximately 104% to $306 million during the first 9 months of this year compared to the same period of last year, as we continued to build utility scale solar projects primarily in the Western United States. We have an active pipeline of utility scale solar opportunities that we anticipate will be awarded and move into construction in 2013. Over the past week, we have deployed significant resources to 9 states and the District of Columbia for 8 utility customers to restore electrical infrastructure damaged by Hurricane Sandy. A storm like Sandy will obviously generate emergency restoration revenues for Quanta, however, these revenues are not all incremental. Our employees who are responding from points throughout the United States and Canada have been released from noncritical work where they were generating revenues to respond to this storm event. Additionally, we have pipeline construction projects in the Marcellus, several large electric transmission construction projects in the Northeast and our Fiber Optic Licensing business in Philadelphia that may be negatively impacted by Hurricane Sandy. As a result, it is too early to determine the extent to which Hurricane Sandy will affect our financial performance this quarter, and our fourth quarter guidance does not take into account any positive or negative impacts from the storm. Turning to our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment, revenues increased substantially compared to the same quarter last year and more importantly, operating income continues to improve. The strategic shift of this segment over the past 18 months to capitalize on shale infrastructure opportunities, as well as better project execution, is driving this improved profitability. We expect this segment to remain profitable for the remainder of the year and for 2013. Demand for our pipeline shale gathering services is active and steady as the lack of gathering infrastructure in many of the shales remains a challenge for producers to transport product to market and processing areas. Most of our shale gathering work is being performed in the Marcellus, Bakken and Eagle Ford Shales. We believe demand for the shale gathering infrastructure will remain robust for the foreseeable future and that development of new shales in the future will create additional opportunities for Quanta over the next several years. We continue to see signs that a significant volume of long-haul, large diameter pipeline projects could be awarded over the next several quarters and move into construction toward the middle of 2013. A significant increase in the long-haul pipeline market, coupled with continued demand for shale gathering pipeline construction resources, could result in a significant tightening of industry capacity. A number of long-haul pipeline construction companies have moved pipeline construction resources into the shales to perform pipeline gathering work, and we do not believe all of these spread resources will return to the long-haul market. We have been taking strategic steps to ensure we are in position to capitalize on the return of the long-haul pipeline market when it occurs while maintaining pipeline construction resources in the shales to help our customers develop pipeline-gathering infrastructure. We will continue to gain more clarity on the progress of long haul projects and the industry dynamics over the next few quarters. We are optimistic that long-haul pipeline market conditions should improve in 2013 and 2014. Our Telecommunications segment experienced solid growth in the third quarter. Revenues increased almost 21% in the third quarter compared to the same period last year, driven by increases in the pace of construction on broadband stimulus projects in fiber-to-the-cell site initiatives. Our 12-month backlog increased in the quarter, while total backlog decreased slightly due to backlog burn associated with the significant increase in projects under construction during this year's third quarter, as well as the expiration of several multiyear master service agreements at the end of this year that we are optimistic will renew before year-end. We expect broadband stimulus projects to continue through the rest of this year and well into 2013 and expect sustained high levels of fiber-to-the-cell site activity through 2013. The reallocation of funds within the Universal Services Fund to develop and operate the broadband networks in underserved areas of the country should also have a positive impact on our business. This program funding reallocation is in the early stages of deployment, and we anticipate that our Telecom segment will begin to experience the benefits of it in the latter part of 2013 or 2014. In our Fiber Optic Licensing segment, revenues for the quarter were slightly up compared to the third quarter of last year. This segment continues to provide a steadily growing revenue and earnings profile with attractive margins and returns. Our contract sales for this segment for the first 9 months of the year have increased at a healthy double-digit growth rate, which indicates that the segment revenue growth is likely to accelerate next year. We are increasing our full year outlook to reflect our strong results for the first 9 months of 2012, the expectation of continued strength in all of our segments for the remainder of this year, and better visibility in our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment. Derrick will provide additional detail about our outlook during his comments. In summary, the demand for the services Quanta provides is substantial. All of our operating segments are executing well, and total company backlog remains strong. Based on the work we have in hand today, the opportunities we believe could materialize over the next year and our confidence in continued solid execution, we believe all of our operating segments will have a solid finish to 2012, and we look forward to a strong 2013. I will now turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our CFO, for his financial review of the third quarter. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.69 billion for the third quarter of 2012 compared to $1.25 billion in the prior year's third quarter, reflecting growth of about 35% quarter-over-quarter. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $96.4 million or $0.45 per diluted share as compared to net income of $52 million or $0.25 per diluted share in the third quarter of last year. Included in net income attributable to common stock for the third quarter of 2012 is $7.1 million of income or net benefit of $0.03 per diluted share, primarily from the release of income tax contingencies associated with the expiration of certain statutory periods that are no longer subject to audit. The growth in consolidated revenues in the third quarter of 2012 was driven by growth across all of Quanta's segments, as well as the incremental contribution of approximately $62 million in revenues from companies acquired since the third quarter of last year. Excluding the impact of revenues from acquired companies, organic growth for the quarter was 31%. Our consolidated gross margin increased to 16.6% in the third quarter of 2012 from 15.6% in 3Q '11. This increase was due to strong performance in each of our segments, as well as the impact of higher revenues, which improved our ability to cover fixed operating costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $124.3 million, reflecting the increase of $31.9 million as compared to last year's third quarter. This increase is primarily due to $16.7 million on higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with increased levels of activity and profitability; approximately $5.1 million in increased professional fees, primarily associated with ongoing technology development costs, business development initiatives and legal matters; and $4.6 million in additional administrative expenses associated with recently acquired companies. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses remained flat at 7.4% for the third quarter of 2012 and 2011. Our consolidated operating margins before amortization expense increased from 8.2% in 3Q '11 to 9.3% in 3Q '12. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $8.3 million in 3Q '11 to $10.5 million in the third quarter of 2012 due to acquisitions at the end of 2011 and the first and second quarters of 2012. To further discuss our segment results, the Electric Power segment's revenues were up about $266.6 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 32%. Revenues were positively impacted by higher revenues from Electric Power transmission services, resulting from an increase in number and size of projects that were ongoing in 3Q '12 compared to 3Q '11, as well as increased renewables revenues. The increase in revenues is also attributable in part to the incremental contribution of $53 million in segment revenues from acquired companies and an increase of $13 million in emergency restoration services versus 3Q '11. Growth in this segment without revenues from acquired companies was still 27%. At the end of the third quarter, 12-month backlog for the Electric Power segment increased 23%, and total backlog for this segment decreased slightly by 1% compared to the third quarter of 2011. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment increased to 12.5% in the third quarter of 2012 compared to 12.2% in last year's third quarter, primarily due to the increased volume of revenues from services on higher-margin transmission projects. Also contributing to the increase was the increase in emergency restoration service revenues which typically carry higher margins. Natural Gas and Pipeline revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by 53% to $397.5 million in 3Q '12, primarily due to an increase in the number of shale gathering system projects currently under construction. Additionally, we saw increases in revenues from natural gas distribution services as the outsourced gas distribution work for Puget Sound Energy was just starting up in the third quarter of 2011. At the end of the third quarter of 2012, 12-month and total backlog for this segment increased about 26% and 11%, respectively, compared to the end of the third quarter of 2011. Operating income for the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment as a percentage of revenues increased to 5.8% for 3Q '12 from a negative 1.6% for 3Q '11, due primarily to the impact that lower revenues earned in the prior year and on this segment's ability to cover fixed operating and overhead costs as our efforts to move into shale gathering system projects had just begun in the third quarter of 2011. Current year was positively impacted by the overall increase in the volume of this segment's revenues due to the shift to more shale gathering system projects. Revenues from our Telecommunications segment increased $29.2 million or 21% to $169.9 million in 3Q '12, primarily due to an increase in the volume of work associated with stimulus-funded fiber optic network projects and higher revenues from fiber-to-cell site and wireless initiatives, resulting from higher capital spending by our customers. Compared to the end of last year's third quarter, 12-month backlog for the segment increased 6%, and total backlog decreased about 2%. Operating margin in the Telecommunications segment was 13.1% in 3Q '12 compared to 11.3% in 3Q '11. This increase in margin is primarily due to increased demand for our services, allowing for margin expansion, as well as the impact of revenue increases on this segment's ability to cover fixed and overhead costs. Fiber Optic Licensing segment revenues were $28.6 million, and operating margin was 49.2% in 3Q '12, which are both comparable to the third quarter of 2011. Capital expenditures for this segment have increased this year versus last year, which should drive revenue and backlog growth as network capacities license out to customers in 2013. When calculating operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, a previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effects of such expenses. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $18 million in the third quarter of 2012 as compared to 3Q '11, primarily as a result of $11 million in higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with current levels of operating activity and $2.2 million in higher amortization expense associated with intangible assets. Adjusted diluted earnings per share as calculated in today's press release were $0.48 for the third quarter of 2012 compared to an adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.29 for 3Q '11. Cash flow used in operations was approximately $61.3 million for the third quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures, net of proceeds from equipment sales, were about $68.7 million, resulting in approximately $130 million in negative free cash flow for the quarter. Days sales outstanding or DSOs were 91 days at September 30, 2012 versus 75 days at September 30, 2011 and 81 days at June 30, 2012. Cash flow for the quarter was primarily impacted by increases in receivables. DSOs have increased compared to September 30, 2011 and June 30, 2012 as a result of the overall increase in Quanta's net position with its customers, which is driven by significant revenue increases on the select number of large electric transmission projects which went into construction starting this quarter. These jobs contributed approximately 5 days to Quanta's consolidated DSO calculation as of September 30, 2012. In addition, the significant storm work I spoke of earlier remains uncollected due to the timing of when the work was performed in the quarter. Lastly, although we have invoiced the customer for the change orders associated with the Sunrise project, the change orders have not yet been settled due to the substantial volume of underlying support records that are being reviewed by the customer. These change orders remain and cost in excess of billings [ph] and contribute to the overall higher DSO. Detailed discussions and reviews continue with the customer, and we are currently aren't aware of any circumstances warranting any adjustments to the amounts invoiced, although the timing of the settlement could significantly impact our overall free cash flow for the year. EBITA for the quarter of 2012 was $152.8 million or 9.1% of revenues compared to $98.1 million or 7.8% of revenues for the third quarter of 2011. Adjusted EBITDA was $193.7 million or 11.5% of revenues for the third quarter of 2012 compared to $133 million or 10.6% of revenues for the third quarter of 2011. Calculation of the EBITA and EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures and the definitions of these and DSOs, can be found in Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. At September 30, 2012, we had about $179 million in letters of credit outstanding primarily to secure our insurance program and we had borrowings of approximately $125 million outstanding under our credit facility. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $128 million in cash predominantly within foreign operations. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $524 million of total liquidity as of September 30. Turning to our outlook for 2012, we expect revenues for the fourth quarter of 2012 to range between $1.55 billion and $1.65 billion and diluted earnings per share to be $0.37 to $0.39 on a GAAP basis. Included in our estimate of GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2012 is a net tax benefit of approximately $0.02 per share associated with certain tax contingency releases due to the expiration of certain statutes of limitations during the fourth quarter. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.51 billion and diluted earnings per share of $0.32 in GAAP EPS in 4Q '11. GAAP EPS forecast for 4Q '12 includes an estimate of $6.9 million for noncash compensation expenses and $9.1 million for amortization expenses. Including these expenses and the previously discussed net tax benefit, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter are expected to be $0.40 to $0.42, and compare to non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.41 in 4Q '11. This non-GAAP measure is calculated on the same basis as the historical calculations of adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in the release. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interest to be approximately $3 million to $3.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 and around $16 million to $16.5 million for the year. For additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be around 34% for the fourth quarter of 2012. The lower tax rate for the fourth quarter is primarily due to the additional tax contingency releases I previously discussed. We expect our diluted share count to be about 213 million shares for 2012. We expect CapEx for all of 2012 to be approximately $215 million to $225 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Optic Licensing segment of about $45 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2011 of $172 million. As Jim commented, we continue to execute within all of our segments and we believe that we are operationally and financially well-positioned for continued solid growth in 2012 and beyond. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal of KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question is, you've had -- you're having such a strong finish to the year. As you look into 2013, Jim, what do you see as your key challenges for growth?
James F. O'Neil: Well, Tahira, right now, we're seeing so much momentum. I think it's just -- getting resources is becoming more challenging, even though we are the preferred employer in the industry because we pay the best wage and provide our folks with good equipment to work with. So I think that would be the biggest challenge. I mean, we have momentum in our business. Going forward, the timing of projects is the challenge and the regulatory environment, while it's not as big an issue for us overall because we have so many projects going, trying to determine when a project is going to start, if there's a slippage of a month or 2, it could impact our forecast. But other than that, we're continuing to see momentum going into next year.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And I'll have one more, and then I'll hop back in the queue. If you look on the electric transmission side and we've tallied up several fairly large awards that are still out there, and you're talking about $200 million to $500 million type of projects, from what we can see, that could be awarded over the next 12 months. As you look at that prospect list you kind of mentioned, could you sort of talk a little more about -- provide us a little more color on the drivers of some of these transmission opportunities that you're seeing?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, there's going to be big project awards, there are big projects in the pipeline, and we're excited about that. But I think one thing that's really not understood is the small transmission market. The regulation that's driving the NERC compliance standards and the coal switching to natural gas, these are all going to be smaller segments of transmission, and that business is very, very active and is going to remain very active, and I believe in a growth mode for quite some time. You look at CREZ, I mean, CREZ is built. It's a big transmission project but you have to think about all the laterals and interconnects that are going to be built off of that. And in total, the amount of money being spent there is far more than what CREZ is. So the small transmission market for projects that we don't typically announce with a day-to-day work is very active, and that's over half of our business. And we expect the big transmission market to be active as well. So it's a really robust time in the transmission business, and I still think we're in the early years of a major transmission buildout.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer of BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: First, Derrick or Jim, can you help me to think about -- your Q4 revenue guidance is up single digits, but your total 12-month backlog, up about 19% in Q3. What's the relationship between 12-month backlog and then revenue over the next couple of quarters?
Derrick A. Jensen: 12-month backlog, overall, I mean, over the next couple of quarters, typically we would just run it about the 65% range as far as backlog as a percentage of revenue, as that relates to '12 and going into '13.
James F. O'Neil: I think the relationship, too, Adam, when you look at the fourth quarter -- I mean, first off, 12-month backlog is the best indicator of our business going forward. It's at record levels, it's strong. So that's an indicator that the next 12 months, we should see growth in our business, although we're not willing to quantify it right now. The fourth quarter guidance, we've got seasonality in the fourth quarter, we've got weather risks, the risk that projects will get pushed into the next period, we've got holidays, we've got this storm going on right now. So we think we can do better, but we're going to shoot the ball down the middle right now and give the guidance that we have. And hopefully we will do better, but we don't want to take a risk because of all of these factors and the fourth quarter being seasonal, primarily because of weather and holidays, that we have an issue hitting guidance.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, that's good. And then, for the second question, I wanted to ask about electric distribution. Jim, have you seen any -- has there been any changes there in demand in Q3? Some of the equipment suppliers saw some deceleration in demand on the distribution side, and utility returns maybe are softening a little bit. Are you seeing any utilities kind of cut distribution here?
James F. O'Neil: No, we haven't. From a comp standpoint, the third quarter in distribution was probably a tough comp at [ph] third quarter '11, but I mean, we're still seeing close to double-digit growth for the year. And really, we haven't seen any slowdown as many of the utilities are spending money on reliability. And that trend continues despite that we're in an election year. So we've been pleased with what we've seen so far, and we expect that trend to continue going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel of FBR.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Two quick questions. First, you mentioned in your opening remarks that you're seeing your customer base broaden. And one of the strengths of Quanta through the years has been that your customer base had already been very broad. Can you comment a little bit further on that comment in your opening remarks?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, well, I don’t want to give any names, Alex. I mean, I think that the current environment is, for our customers, that they're under more pressure to get projects done on time and underbudget or on budget, and it's very important. And we had more discussions with people that we haven't traditionally worked with in the past, and we believe that there will be opportunities that we'll execute on because we have the capabilities to get their projects done, on time and on budget. And we have the resources to do that. You will see some new customers for certain in '13.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Excellent. And then secondly, can we dig a little bit deeper into the pipeline business, excellent quarter, 5.8% operating margin, up nicely from the second quarter. Can you put that into perspective and maybe give us some directional guidance on the mix of long-haul, large diameter versus shale work this year, and possibly, what that mix could look like next year and how it could help or hurt margins?
James F. O'Neil: I would say that for '12, all of our work was shale-related, and we've done very well. I mean, we established a presence about 18 months ago, and from that point, we've built momentum. And we've gotten more volume and better margins because of that. I wouldn't think that a 50-50 mix next year would be out of the question. But that's not going to be 1 plus 1 equal 2, so we're going to have to probably be 1 plus 1 equal 1.5. But we will have some big pipe opportunities next year, and it could be a 50-50 mix potentially, big pipe versus shale work.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Gabrielski of Lazard.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Can you talk about any impact you may have seen as the quarter, Q3, went along in the shales? Did you see any change in activity levels based on what's happening with the rig count or some of the commentary from the EMPs around expensing their or exhausting their capital budgets for this year and maybe waiting until next year to start spending again?
James F. O'Neil: No, Will, we haven't seen that. I mean, these EMP guys that we're dealing with, they're not going to shut rigs down for a quarter and then start back up in January. That's inefficient. I mean, we continue to see the drilling rig count on, particularly on the horizontal rigs in the liquid-rich plays, the count continues to be strong, and we haven't seen any pullback in that activity.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then for my follow-up I was just wondering if you could talk about the reliability side of your business, mostly on transmission. I've tried to ask this every quarter just to see how it's tracking, but the enforcement of some of the NERC reliability rules and how that's trending and what the margins are looking like in that work right now?
James F. O'Neil: Well, it's 50% of our transmission business, and it's growing, if not the same, more than what our big transmission business has grown this year. It's significant, and it's going to be here for several years. And our customers are just on the very front end of spending money to comply with NERC reliability standards. And then on top of that, you've got FERC 1000, you've got -- which could impact us in '14 and '15; you've got the coal switching to natural gas projects, which is going to be 30, 60-mile type segment lines that need to be built off of new gas-fired generation that's going to be in the small transmission categories. So we've got a significant amount of opportunities in the small transmission market that's being driven by regulation. And that's going to help pipeline, too, because you're going to have to build gas pipelines, compressor stations, pump stations and all that, so that's going to really support our pipeline business as well. So it's all good stuff, good drivers right now in our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noelle Dilts of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you could speak a little bit about the opportunities that you're seeing in Canada in terms of both electrical and pipeline and how that compares to the U.S. And I've been hearing that -- we're on the pipeline side, in particular, have been hearing that labor is tight in Canada, so I'm wondering if you're seeing a shift toward negotiation and away from competitive bid in the Canadian market on the pipeline side.
James F. O'Neil: I can just tell you that the same drivers in the U.S. are in Canada today as far as both electric transmission and on pipeline. And it's a very active market, and we're well positioned in Canada from a competitive standpoint to take advantage of those opportunities as they present themselves. Really in almost every province in Canada, there's opportunities. It's the same progress that we see in the U.S. It's just about 18 months behind the activity here in the States.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then on the labor side, is there -- is the tightness in labor pools similar to the U.S. or is it a little bit tighter in Canada on pipeline?
James F. O'Neil: I would say it's as tight or if not, tighter in Canada than it is in the U.S. So everyone's going through a skilled labor, both the pipeline industry and the electric industry are going through labor shortfalls right now as the demand continues to increase for the services our customers need.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Wittmann of Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to just kind of dig into the pricing environment in the electric business specifically and there's a fairly large project that went out this past quarter that -- your name had been circled around. There's probably -- you guys have been kind of a higher quality service provider, and this is a project that I assume that you didn't want to price it at some of those levels that we're seeing in it. Can you just talk about the level of competition on price today, and what maybe your passing on that job means for the rest of the environment that you might be looking at in terms of other projects?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, Andy, you can't take one project and think that, that's going to set pricing for the industry. I mean, it's a very regional dynamic and it also depends upon the size of the line, the scope of the line, what geography, what type of geography we're in. So we're not going to win every job. I'll tell you that our philosophy on pricing hasn't changed, if anything, prices should go up because the demand for our services continues to increase. So I wouldn't read anything into us winning -- not winning a project that everybody had circled for us to win. I just think that you can't do that. The pricing dynamic in the industry still continues to be very strong.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just maybe totally different, but I guess somewhat related also. On the margins, were there any project closeouts in the quarter, Derrick or -- and can you also just quantify the absolute dollars of storm? I know you said $11 million or $16 million more this year than last, but can you just give us the absolute dollar amount for storm?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. The absolute dollar amount for storm for the consolidated basis is about $81 million for the quarter. And then relative to your question about closeouts, I mean, we obviously have starts and stops of all the jobs, but there was nothing material associated with any impacts for the quarter forward for those starts and stops.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Levine of JPMorgan.
Rodney C. Clayton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Rodney Clayton here for Scott. First, I want to ask about your Energized Services offering, obviously, you've got a nice award there from AEP, and certainly it looks like that's a service where you have a competitive advantage and what differentiates you from your competition. What's really stopping, I guess, the greater -- the percentage of your customers from adopting this type of approach when they're planning projects, is it just price or is there some other reason why that couldn't become a greater percentage of your business?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think that Energized Services is going to be more important to our customers going forward. The NERC compliance work is going to be an important driver for that business. When you have 1 transmission line into an area that needs to be upgraded because it's not in compliance and that the customer can't or it's not cost effective to acquire a new right-of-way or take the line out of service because the customers will have interruptions for too long of a period of time, so this is a perfect application in technology that becomes cost-effective at that point to utilize. That's why AEP is using this technology. So again, upgrading this older infrastructure having 1 line in and out of the load center, it gets to the point of right-of-way issues and everything else. It just makes it a lot more cost effective and more efficient for the customer to use this technology going forward. So we're pretty excited about the opportunities we have for Energized Services in the future.
Rodney C. Clayton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, got it. Very good. And I guess one more follow-up. I want to ask about Howard Energy Partners, just in general, how is that venture going, and how does your project pipeline look as you get to work in the Eagle Ford shale?
James F. O'Neil: Howard Energy is going along like we expected it to. The investment is giving us opportunities. The Eagle Ford is very early in development. And we are seeing engineering and construction opportunities, not only in the Eagle Ford, but in other areas because we've leveraged our relationship with Howard to do work in the Marcellus as well and in the Bakken. So we've been very pleased with that relationship and that investment, and we expect more opportunities to come out in the future as the Eagle Ford, in particular, becomes more active.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Zach Larkin of Stephens Inc.
Chris Godby - Stephens Inc., Research Division: This is Chris Godby in for Zach. With 2 quarters of profitability in gas with that large diameter work, do you have a sense for what the operating margin profile of the segment could be just on shale work alone?
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've said we should be in the mid- to upper single-digit operating income on shale gathering work alone. And we've been moving toward that target over the last several quarters. If we were to bring in some big pipe into that mix, some large diameter pipe, we should be able to move into that 9% to 12% operating income range.
Chris Godby - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, thinking about electric transmission, have there been any changes in approval timelines given the regulatory environment or elections?
James F. O'Neil: No, everything has moved according to plan over the last -- since the last quarter, we haven't had any delays to speak of. Nothing meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ahmar Zaman of Piper Jaffray.
Ahmar M. Zaman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: A couple of questions just on the impact of Hurricane Sandy. I know you made some comments in your prepared statements. First question is, how much pre-prep were you able to do getting -- going into Hurricane Sandy, and how will that affect kind of minimizing the damage to your activities that were in the past? And then secondly, the repair work that you'll probably get because of Hurricane Sandy, how should we think about the margin profile of that work versus your -- basically the margin mix between repair work and existing projects that were impacted by Hurricane Sandy is what I'm trying to get at.
James F. O'Neil: A hurricane is a little bit different than a tornado or an ice storm, we get a little bit of pre-notice, so we did have almost a week to prepare and batten down and secure our equipment in the core services that we provide in the area. So hopefully, we'll be okay there. I mean, we haven't been able to go in and completely assess the situation to date. We were also, at the same time, able to move a significant amount of resources in and pre-position those resources prior to the storm arriving so that we can have an expedient response to the storm damage that occurred. So in both cases, both from our core business and helping respond, too, to repair the damage, we had some ability to move in and do what we could before the storm arrived. As far as the margin profile, I don't even think we need to go there right now. I mean, certainly storm margins do come in at a higher margin, but are these resources coming off existing work we're doing for those utilities we're responding to? Are they coming in from Canada or the West Coast? And then what ultimately is the impact, negative impact, to our core business in the area? So it's just too early to tell what kind of margin impact we're going to have at this time. But certainly, by our fourth quarter call, we'll be able to give more color around that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Mannes of Avondale.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: A couple of follow-up questions. I think most of my questions have been asked and answered, but real quick on the pipeline side. We were pretty pleased to see the backlog pick up sequentially. Can you talk a little bit about maybe the bidding environment on the shale side, and maybe just help me out a little bit with understanding the seasonality of the business because it looks like it's run [ph] a lot less seasonality than maybe we've seen before?
James F. O'Neil: There is less seasonality even though I don’t want to discount the fourth quarter weather seasonality. There's seasonality in the amount of work that you do, and there's seasonality due to weather. The work's steady right now. The fourth quarter is very active because our customers are still trying to get infrastructure in place and there's no let up. With that said, that means that you're really moving with one customer from project to project to project, so you're really working on a negotiated basis. They don't have time to go out and do an RFP on every project, and they certainly don’t want to deal with the new foreman and workforce every time they bid out a new job. So they're very comfortable with their working relationship with us. We've been working for 6 to 8 of the same customers and just going from project to project to project, and the work is steady and we don’t see any see any let up on that work going forward. If anything, it's increasing.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Sounds good. And then, just one quick other topic that you guys haven't talked much about. But you mentioned on Puget Sound, obviously you've kind of outsourced their gas LDC operations. Are you seeing opportunities either for more deals like that or alternatively, just more opportunities for gas LDC retrofit work, especially given some of the regs coming down from FIMSA [ph] there and certainly what happened in California?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, certainly, we think there are more opportunities to do outsourcing work and program management on reliability of projects that are being driven by FIMSA [ph] regulations. There are opportunities, that's one of the biggest areas I think that we have, working off a smaller base, of course, but that's one of the biggest areas of growth for us, as the integrity and the pipeline rehabilitation work that is going to occur throughout the country. There's a role to be a program manager in many of those, and certainly some outsourcing opportunities are possible.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Andrew Buscaglia: This is actually Andrew Buscaglia on behalf of Jamie. Just a quick question. It's regarding your customers' visibility, I know we have -- the elections should be kind of like a lift for that. But I'm just curious what you guys are hearing. I mean, it looks like your guidance says that things are getting better for your customers, and just curious what they're saying on the remainder of the year and 2013, just any update there.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, our customers -- the spending is there. I mean, we've got significant pipeline of opportunities and backlog going into '13. So there doesn't seem to be any pull back from our customers on capital spending in either the electric -- or electric, pipeline or Telecommunications markets right now in our customer base. Things look to be very active going into '13.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then just an update on capital allocation relatively -- specifically, if you can comment on M&A, what your updated views are, if any?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. I mean, capital allocation, first, is the -- obviously, a working capital to support the business, but you can see this going on here versus the second and third quarter type of cash demands. Second, capital expenditures. And then third, to investments and acquisitions. We did about 10 acquisitions over the last year to 1.5 years now, and we've continue to be active in the -- and opportunistic in that area. As it stands right now, we don't really comment to future acquisitions and the timing of when and how large and whether they will occur. But we've continued to be active and opportunistic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rogers of D.A. Davidson.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: The -- if we could just go back to the DSOs for a second. I know that in the past, seasonally, they've come down the fourth quarter. But it sounds like there were some timing issues this quarter, and then -- can you just talk about how quickly those are going to drop back down or what the collection cycle is on those?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. Your -- I would agree that, I mean, typically, DSOs do decline in the fourth quarter because of the seasonality as revenues also drop. But particularly in this fourth quarter, I think it's pretty difficult. The storm work that Jim alluded to is an example. We're uncertain as to yet as to the type of volume that may occur from that and the timing of what that would be and how long. And so, that could be a pretty big draw of cash. Secondly, as I made reference to the Sunrise change order as an example, the timing of the collection of that, we're striving to achieve the collection before the end of the year, but as to whether that occurs by 12/31 or into the following quarters, a little bit difficult to say. I would say that we, overall, expect we'll have a strong free cash flow in the near term. It's just difficult to say whether that will occur by the 12/31 timeframe or not.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then just my other question was, I guess for Jim, in terms of the large diameter work, there's a lot of projects on the table. But are they going to bid this season, meaning, I guess late fourth quarter, first quarter or some of the big projects that we're seeing in the press, are they late or end 2012 or 2013, sorry?
James F. O'Neil: I think the bidding season is modified somewhat during this time. I think that you really don't have a bidding season right now. I think it's just -- it's on an ongoing basis. And it really -- you may not have projects go to a formal RFP. It may be just a negotiation process because some of these projects are so big and our customers are concerned about capacity. So I wouldn't be focused so much on a bidding season on big pipe this year. I think it's going to be a different dynamic, not to say that it won't moderate back to a bidding season at some point in time. I do think -- we do think these programs get built, whether it's in the latter part of '13, the mid of '13, the latter part of '13 or into '14, a lot of that's going to do to the regulatory environment and when these projects get approved, these liquid lines [ph] get approved. But it's going to be a very robust market. You can see the capital spending going into the refinery space, and the EMPs really aren't letting up on drilling these wells and building this gathering infrastructure. So the next logical step is to build these pipelines, and we do see visibility and traction online to getting plans [ph] moving toward construction in the -- over the next year or 2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Gusick [ph] of Wedbush Securities.
Unknown Analyst: You mentioned earlier about an expectation for dark fiber acceleration going forward. Could you talk a bit more about that?
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. I mean, last year, we had capital expenditures in dark fiber, of about $17 million, and this year, we have CapEx in the segment of about $45 million. And so, what we believe will happen as Jim alluded to that the pick up in sales K-12 has been a little bit down because of the economy, and that's picked back up in some of the double-digit sales that you see. And we think that will turn back into revenues in backlog in the future as we end up delivering on those networks.
Unknown Analyst: And also, it looks like you had substantial Telecom bookings in the quarter. That appears to be accelerating. Can you talk a bit more about that going forward as well?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I think what you're seeing is that we're in the height of the stimulus buildout right now, and we think that our business will continue, the Telecom construction activity will continue at high levels through the better part of 2013. But the significant portion of what you're seeing is stimulus buildout that's occurring due to customers in underserved areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Martin Malloy of Johnson Rice.
Martin W. Malloy - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: On the pipeline side, could you talk a little bit about your market share in terms of spreads of equipment for large diameter pipelines in North America?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I think what we've been saying is we've got about 1/3 of industry capacity to do large diameter pipeline across the U.S. So it's about 1/3.
Martin W. Malloy - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And in terms of levels of activity, and -- do you think you can come back to the '06, '08 timeframe?
James F. O'Neil: I think it's possible. I think it depends upon how compressed a construction cycle we have, how many customers are we going to be [indiscernible] are going to be building pipe for at one time, or does it get spread over a 3 to 4-year period. It's going to be a very active market. Can it reach '08 levels? Yes, but that's yet to be determined as to whether that will happen or not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher of UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Wondering if you can talk about your staffing and presence in the various shales. Are you guys ramped up to where you want to be in the specific shales? And if not, which basins do you think you need to add the most incremental resources to be the most competitive?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think, the Marcellus was the first shale that really was developed and we've been there for 18 months, and certainly, we're doing a lot of work there. But we've got a presence there now, so we're well-positioned to take on additional customers if we're able to do so. The same goes for the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, which are younger shales as far as development, but opportunities will present themselves there as well. And then you start talking about new shales that haven't even really been developed yet, like the Utica, the Niobrara, the Granite Wash, the Mississippi, and it goes on and on. So it's a life cycle, but we will continue to build our presence in the shale and take advantage of those opportunities. And we should see growth over the next several years, building out gathering for some work.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference over to management for some closing remarks.
James F. O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our third quarter 2012 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. This conference will be available for replay later this afternoon until November 7, 2012 at midnight. You may access the replay at area code (303) 590-3030 and enter access code 4572253. Again, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect your line.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Founder and Managing Partner James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Derrick A. Jensen - Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance & Administration
Analysts: Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Saagar Parikh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Shawn E. Lockman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for question. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, August 2, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Arianne, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review second quarter 2012 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information e-mailed to you when they occur, please sign up for e-mail information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 2, 2012, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning it over to Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a detailed review of our second quarter financial results. Following Derrick's comments, we will welcome your questions. Our second quarter results demonstrate continued solid execution by our operations and reflects strong demand for our services. Our revenues in the second quarter grew 50% compared to the second quarter of 2011, and revenues for the first 6 months of this year have increased 58% compared to the same period last year. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.31 in the second quarter increased 107% compared to the second quarter of last year. Our second quarter results were driven by strong performance in our electric power segment due to the significant volume of electric transmission projects underway and our ability to safely execute on those projects. Quarter over quarter and sequentially, improved performance from our natural gas and pipeline segment also contributed to the strong results. Our employee count at the end of this year's second quarter was approximately 19,300, up 30% compared to the second quarter of last year and up 10% since the end of 2011. Our electric power segment revenues increased approximately 52% in this year's second quarter compared to the same period last year. At the end of the second quarter, 12-month backlog for the electric power segment increased 27.4%, and total backlog for this segment increased 4.1% compared to the second quarter of 2011. In the second quarter, Quanta completed the installation of San Diego Gas & Electric Sunrise Powerlink transmission line, which was energized on June 17. This was an extremely challenging project due to the environmental sensitivities, difficult geology and geography, and an accelerated construction timeline. For environmental reasons, nearly 75% of the project's towers were set by helicopters, resulting in more than 28,000 flight hours being logged to complete the aerial construction. The timely completion of the Sunrise Powerlink transmission line was critical due to the recent shutdown of the San Onofre nuclear plant. Because this plant supplied a significant amount of electricity to San Diego, energizing the Sunrise Powerlink line on the accelerated schedule was critical. This project, in almost every aspect, is an excellent example of Quanta's industry-leading transmission capabilities and our ability to meet our customers' expectations under challenging circumstances. Also during the second quarter, we completed construction of Hydro One's Bruce to Milton transmission line. This 79-mile, double circuit, 500,000-volt transmission line is the largest expansion of Ontario's electric transmission system in more than 2 decades and should bring enough nuclear and renewable energy to provide more than 10% of the province's electricity needs. It is worth noting that this project was accomplished with 0 lost time injuries to Hydro One employees or contractors working on this job, demonstrating the safety commitment of everyone involved. While Quanta was successfully completing these 2 projects in the second quarter, we also were ramping up on construction activities on 3 projects: the Devers to Palo Verde 2 project for Southern California Edison; Texas Competitive Renewable Energy Zone or CREZ project for Sharyland and ETT; and the Northwest Transmission Line project for BC Hydro. We believe the industry is in a multiyear transmission investment trend. It has been more than 40 years since significant transmission investment occurred in North America, and various industry sources indicate approximately 2/3 of North America's transmission infrastructure is in poor condition. Four quarters of meaningful transmission construction does not solve this challenge. The replacement or repair of aging electrical infrastructure, the installation of new transmission networks to improve reliability and the need for transmission interconnection or renewable power sources are only a few of the drivers of transmission investment. We believe certain near- and medium-term dynamics are not currently reflected in various third-party transmission spending forecast, which will require additional transmission infrastructure spending. These dynamics include the implementation of mandatory compliance with NERC reliability standards, the implementation of FERC Order 1000, which we believe will spur merchant transmission investment, and the impact of new transmission or upgraded transmission lines resulting from the retirement and conversion of older coal-fired generation plants to cleaner burning generation sources, such as natural gas-fired plants due to federal environmental regulations. For example, ICF International recently estimated that more than 50 gigawatts of coal-fired generation will be retired over the next 4 years. Earlier this week, Quanta announced that ATCO Electric has selected Valard Construction, a Quanta services company, to install transmission infrastructure for their Hanna Region Transmission Development Project. Under the terms of the contract, Valard will install approximately 149 miles of 240-kilovolt transmission infrastructure in the Hanna region of Southeast Alberta, Canada. Resources have mobilized to begin this project, which is expected to be completed in 2013. This project is included in our backlog figure at June 30. We believe this award is indicative of the level of transmission opportunities that exist in the market. As we have highlighted in our past few earnings conference calls, we expect the timing of large transmission projects awards to be lumpy going forward. Therefore, we recommend that investors focus on new award activity over a longer term rather than on a quarterly basis. Turning to our natural gas and pipeline segment. Revenues increased approximately 62% in the second quarter of 2012 compared to the same quarter last year. Importantly, operating income in the quarter improved from a loss of $1.2 million in last year's second quarter to $15.3 million of operating income in this year's second quarter. With the strategic moves we have made to date, we believe this segment will be profitable for the remainder of the year. At the end of the second quarter of 2012, 12-month and total backlog for this segment increased about 59% and 20%, respectively, compared to the end of the second quarter of 2011. The significant increase in quarter-over-quarter backlog reflects the strategic shift Quanta made last year to pursue shale-gathering work and also the master service agreement we signed with Puget Sound Energy last year for natural gas infrastructure maintenance. Despite declines in crude oil and NGL prices, we have seen increased demand for our pipeline construction services. Aggregate horizontal or directional rig counts and liquid-rich shales remain at high levels, and companies continue to maintain or increase exploration and production activities for liquids and wet shale formations, such as the Bakken, Eagle Ford and Marcellus shales. In addition, there is minimal existing infrastructure in these shales, and hundreds of wells are shut in because they do not have the pipeline-gathering infrastructure to transport the product from the wells to processing facilities. Therefore, strategic investment in gathering infrastructure is required to transport product to market in the near and long term. We continue to see signs that a significant volume of long-haul, large-diameter projects could be awarded and moved into construction in 2013. Should most of these projects move forward, the industry could experience the most active pipeline construction market it has seen in the past several years. We will continue to gain more clarity on these projects as we approach year end. This dynamic, coupled with expectations for continued shale-gathering pipeline infrastructure development, will require significant pipeline construction resources and could result in tightening of industry capacity. Our telecommunications segment experienced solid growth in the quarter. Revenues increased almost 26% in this year's second quarter compared to the same period last year, driven by increases in the base of construction on broadband stimulus projects and fiber-to-the-cell site projects. Compared to the end of last year's second quarter, 12-month and total backlog for this segment decreased 2.4% and about 10%, respectively. The decrease in segment backlog was due to backlog burn associated with the significant increases in projects in construction during this year's second quarter, as well as the exploration of several multiyear master service agreements at the end of this year. However, we are actively working with these customers and are optimistic about renewing these master service agreements before year end. In our Fiber Optic Licensing segment, revenues for the quarter increased approximately 3.5% compared to the second quarter of last year. We continue to balance the build-out of our newer markets to increase network penetration while investing in our more mature markets that generate higher margins and returns in the near term. This balanced approach should enable us to grow revenues while maintaining high margins and acceptable rates of return on investment. As a result of our strong first and second quarter results, the expectation of continued strength in our electric power segment and ongoing opportunities and better visibility for our natural gas and pipeline segment, we're increasing our 2012 full year outlook. Derrick will provide additional detail about our outlook during his comments. In summary, total company backlog remains strong and we see continued opportunity to profitably grow our business. We are confident that 2012 will be a strong year for Quanta and believe that the momentum and the strength of our business should continue into the foreseeable future. Before I turn the call over to Derrick Jensen, our new CFO, I would like to recognize James Haddox for his contributions to Quanta's overall success. As CFO since our inception, James has participated in 57 quarterly conference calls, which is a substantial tenure considering the growth of the company from an annual IPO revenue of $152 million back in 1998 to where we are today. James, a big thank you to you for your service to this organization. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Derrick. Derrick?
Derrick A. Jensen: Thanks, Jim, and thanks, James. Good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.52 billion for the second quarter of 2012 compared to $1.01 billion in the prior year's second quarter, reflecting growth of about 50% quarter-over-quarter. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $65.5 million or $0.31 per diluted share, as compared to net income of $31.8 million or $0.15 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. The growth in consolidated revenues in the second quarter of 2012 was driven by growth across all of Quanta's segments. Second quarter 2012 revenues were also favorably impacted by the incremental contribution of approximately $58 million in revenues from companies acquired since the second quarter of 2011. Our consolidated gross margin increased to 15.5% in the second quarter of 2012 from 15.2% in 2Q '11. This increase was due to strong performance in each of our segments, as well as the impact of higher revenues, which improved our ability to cover fixed costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $115 million, reflecting an increase of $25 million as compared to last year's second quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $14.5 million in higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with increased levels of activity and profitability, approximately $5.7 million in additional administrative expenses associated with companies acquired since the second quarter of 2011, and $5.2 million in increased professional fees associated with ongoing legal matters. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased from 8.9% in the second quarter of 2011 to 7.6% in the second quarter of 2012, primarily due to the higher overall revenues as previously discussed. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense increased from 6.3% in 2Q '11 to 8.0% in 2Q '12. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $6.9 million in 2Q '11 to $9.5 million in the second quarter of 2Q '12 due to the acquisitions since June of last year. To further discuss our segment results, the electric power segment's revenues were up about $347 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 52%. Revenues were positively impacted by higher revenues from electric power transmission services, resulting from an increase in the number and size of projects that were ongoing in 2Q '12 compared to 2Q '11. The increase in revenues is also attributable in part to the incremental contribution of $49 million in segment revenues from acquired company. These increases were partially offset by $36 million in lower emergency restoration services versus 2Q '11. Operating margin in the electric power segment increased to 11% in the second quarter of 2012, compared to 10.4% in last year's second quarter, primarily due to higher overall revenues from services on higher-margin transmission projects. Additionally, the overall increase in this segment's revenue contributed to this segment's improved ability to cover fixed and overhead costs. Partially offsetting the increase was a decrease in emergency restoration service revenues, which typically carry higher margins. Natural gas and pipeline revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by 62% to about $340 million in 2Q '12 primarily due to an increase in the number of shale-gathering system projects currently under construction. Additionally, we saw increases in revenues from natural gas distribution services as the outsourced gas distribution work for Puget Sound Energy was just starting up in the second quarter of 2011. Operating income for the natural gas and pipeline segment as a percentage of revenues increased to 4.5% for 2Q '12 from a negative 0.6% for 2Q '11. This improvement was primarily due to the overall increase in the volume of this segment's revenue due to the shift to more shale-gathering system projects, which improved the segment's ability to cover fixed and overhead costs, as well as the prior year being significantly impacted by productivity issues on certain transmission pipeline projects that were hampered by unusual weather -- winter weather and complicated by restrictive governmental regulations. Although significant rainfall did adversely impact the profitability of certain projects in the second quarter of 2012, the impact was not as extensive as what was experienced in 2Q '11. Revenues from our telecommunications segment increased $27.2 million or 26% to $133.6 million in 2Q '12, primarily due to an increase in the volume of work associated with stimulus-funded fiber optic network projects and higher revenues from fiber-to-the-cell site and wireless initiatives, resulting from higher capital spending by our customers. Operating margin in the telecommunications segment was 10.3% in 2Q '12, compared to 8.5% in 2Q '11. This increase in margin is primarily due to increased demand for our services, allowing for margin expansion, as well as the impact of revenue increases on the segment's ability to cover fixed costs. Fiber Optic Licensing segment revenues were $28.7 million for the second quarter of 2012, reflecting an increase of 4% over 2Q '11. Operating margin was 53% in 2Q '12, compared to operating margin of 47.5% in 2Q '11. When calculating operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effect of such expenses. Corporate and non-allocated costs increased $11.8 million in the second quarter of 2012 as compared to 2Q '11, primarily as a result of $5.7 million in higher salary and incentive compensation cost associated with current levels of operating activity, $2.8 million in increased professional fees associated with ongoing legal matters and $2.7 million in higher amortization expense associated with intangible assets. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, as calculated in today's press release, were $0.36 for the second quarter of 2012 compared to an adjusted diluted income per share of $0.19 for 2Q '11. Cash flow provided by operations was approximately $86.3 million for the second quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures, net of proceeds from sales, were about $43.7 million, resulting in approximately $42.6 million in free cash flow for the quarter. Our days sales outstanding or DSOs were 81 days at June 30, 2012, versus 79 days at March 31, 2012, and 75 days at June 30, 2011. Although DSOs were comparable to the first quarter, our cost in excess to billing balance is higher during the period. A significant component of the balance is associated with the Sunrise Electric transmission project, which was substantially accelerated during the first half of this year. This acceleration created considerable workarounds impacting the sequence of production. This out-of-scope work, which is directed by the customer in order to meet the accelerated completion date, created change order requests and delays in the final billing as reconciliations of final project activity had only just begun since the project was so recently completed. Although not fully approved yet by the customer, the change order has been billed subsequent to June 30. And in discussions with the customer, we are not aware of any circumstances that would prevent these amounts from being collected in subsequent periods. EBITA for the second quarter of 2012 was $116.1 million or 7.7% of revenues, compared to $62.3 million or 6.2% of revenues for the second quarter of 2011. Adjusted EBITDA was $155.9 million or 10.3% of revenues for the second quarter of 2012, compared to $97.4 million or 9.6% of revenues for the second quarter of 2011. The calculation of EBITA, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and DSOs can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. At June 30, 2012, we had about $174 million in letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program, and we had borrowings of approximately $39 million outstanding. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $173 million in cash. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we had nearly $660 million in total liquidity as of June 30. Concerning our outlook for 2012, we expect revenues for the third quarter of 2012 to range between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion, and diluted earnings per share to be $0.34 to $0.37 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $1.25 billion and diluted earnings per share of $0.25 in 3Q '11. Our forecast for 3Q '12 includes an estimate of $7.1 million for noncash compensation expenses and $10.4 million for amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter are expected to be $0.39 to $0.42 and compare to non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.29 in 3Q '11. This non-GAAP measure is calculated on the same basis as the historical calculations of adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in the release. We currently expect revenues for the full year of 2012 to range between $5.9 billion and $6.1 billion and diluted earnings per share to be between $1.15 to $1.25 on a GAAP basis. These estimates compare to revenues of $4.6 billion and $0.62 in 2011. Our forecast for 2012 includes an estimate of $29 million for noncash compensation expenses and $38 million of amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for 2012 are expected to be between $1.35 to $1.45. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interests to be approximately $3.5 million in the third quarter of 2012 and between $15 million and $15.5 million for the year. For additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be between 36% and 37% for 2012, and we expect our diluted share count to be about 213 million shares. We expect CapEx for all of 2012 to be approximately $200 million to $220 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Optic Licensing segment of about $40 million to $50 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2011 of $172 million. As Jim commented, we continue to execute within all of our segments and believe our pipeline segment will continue to be profitable throughout the rest of the year. We believe that we're operationally and financially well positioned for continued solid growth in 2012 and beyond. This concludes our formal presentation. We'll now open the lines for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: A couple of questions, first, Jim, you finished 2 big transmission projects. You started 3 big transmission projects. How should we think about the positives or negatives that came through your P&L because of all that activity? Was it a net positive? Was it a net negative because of the transition of the 2 and the 3?
James F. O'Neil: I think it's neutral, Alex. I mean, we have [indiscernible] costs that typically go into our POC accounting. So I mean, if it is a little bit negative, it would be immaterial. So it's neutral. I mean, I think the important thing is that we continue to have momentum and we're able to fill any burn with backlog in large transmission projects going forward.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: As I look at your book-to-bill and your new awards, I focus a lot more attention on 12-month backlog. And the new awards in your 12-month backlog, I think, was the third highest in history, which is an amazing number here. Do you continue to believe that new awards can remain at a very high level like they are right now for the foreseeable future?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean one thing you guys don't see are projects below $100 million, and a lot of our smaller projects continue to accelerate. I'd say our small transmission market is growing faster than the big projects. And that's our everyday work, distributions growing. Every aspect of our business has growth in it today. The big projects, we had a light quarter on awards, but that -- I expect in the third quarter, we're going to see more activity there. So I feel very confident that the backlog will be strong as we go into '13.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And it sounds like storm activity in the second quarter was maybe even somewhat of a negative. Do you expect that to kind of reverse and be a little bit more of a positive in the third quarter?
James F. O'Neil: It will be. We only have $13 million in storm revenue in the second quarter. And the storm work that we started on here in the third quarter was significantly more than $13 million that began in the first week of July. So I can tell you with confidence that storm revenues in the third quarter will be higher than in the second.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Talking real quick about your guidance. It's a really nice increase on the -- for the year and really not because of the quarter. I mean, it seems like a pretty significant move up. Can you talk a little bit about what increases your confidence or what changes your view for the balance of the year given what you've experienced, I guess, over the last quarter?
James F. O'Neil: Dan, it's really just better visibility. I mean, we're in an election year, we didn't -- we did hedge a little bit on timing on some of these project starts. But we're getting better visibility that these projects will start on time. And it's really just visibility between what we see today versus what we saw back in May.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Is there any impact from the tightness, i.e. the margins in your backlog? Have they been improving relative to where they were 3, 6, 9 months ago? Or is that not as much of an indicator?
James F. O'Neil: Margins and backlog are strong or stronger than what we're experiencing today.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I guess, can you just talk about your confidence level on the gas side with the margins that you put up with -- the worst is behind us, and how you see margins trending in the back half of the year, specifically, and what you think the implications could be for 2013? With and without big gas -- with regards to 2013, how we think about things if big gas or if it doesn't pick up, I guess.
James F. O'Neil: Well, the good thing, under Duke's leadership and trying to shift resources into these gathering fields, which we moved into that initiative about a year ago, now we're well established in these liquid-rich fields. That works almost like an MSA work. It's recurring revenues, and it is profitable. And the second quarter's a good example that we don't have to have any big pipework to gain profitability in that segment. So we expect that work to continue, that shale-gathering work. There will be some seasonality due to weather in the fourth and first quarter, but it should be more predictable going forward. Any big pipework would be incremental to that. Because those are lump-sum type projects, the margins on large pipe are 400 to 500 basis points higher than what we experience in the shale-gathering work on an average basis. So we're very excited about where we're going with the segment. Everything that we expected and communicated to you guys is playing out as expected. And we do expect to be profitable for the year in that segment. And I look forward to good things next year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Will Gabrielski with Lazard Capital Markets.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Two questions, one on electric. We have heard from a few different power generating companies that the EPA rules are starting to -- around emissions, are starting to drive some incremental transmission spending and you touched on that. I'm wondering if you could give a little more detail of whether or not you're doing that work now and what the visibility is like there. And then I'll have a follow-up.
James F. O'Neil: Not a whole lot right now, Will. We think that'll play out over the next -- probably be more significant 2, 3 years from now, even into 2020. I mean, it's a longer play for us. I mean, the main thing is that the rule will drive coal switching to gas primarily. And while those rebuilds are occurring, whether it's a rebuild or a new gas plant that's being built, transmission will either be upgraded or will be built new and -- but we think that will play out over a longer period of time. But certainly, it will be incremental to our business.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the natural gas pipeline side, I guess you're getting your hands dirty in some of the different basins that are out there now and expanding beyond the Marcellus. I'm wondering what the competitive environment looks like, union versus nonunion, and what type of progress you're making in the different fields.
James F. O'Neil: We're seeing capacity just tighten overall in that market, both union and nonunion labor. And it is presenting opportunities for us to get the pricing that we aspire to have in that business even in nonunion markets. So I did make comments in my script that capacity is tightening and we do see that continuing in the shale fields today. And we expect that will continue. And once big pipe construction moves forward in a meaningful way, we think we're going to be really tight. The industry is going to be really tight in capacity. So the momentum that we're seeing and -- our expectations are very positive for that segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Saagar Parikh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This is Saagar on for Tahira. My first question relates again to the pipeline business, and I know that you've touched on a little bit of this. But the second quarter pipeline profitability was -- is it really a reflection of what the base pipeline margins on a clean level should be going forward? And along with that, how many of your spreads were utilized in the second quarter because as we saw, overall pipeline revenue was down sequentially?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I think we did have some weather impact in the second quarter. So I think margins should be just -- should be a little bit better than what we experienced on a go-forward basis provided we have good weather. We should be closer to the mid to upper mid single digit operating income with just shale-gathering work. And I think we did 4.5% for the segment. Other than that, I think, going forward, if we get big pipework in the mix, we should be up in the 9% to 12% range. And I'm sorry, I didn't catch the second part of the question.
Saagar Parikh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Oh, I just -- how many of your spreads were utilized in the second quarter because as I saw, the overall pipeline revenue was down sequentially?
James F. O'Neil: We look at spreads in 2 ways. One is equipment, and one is people. And I would say that from a personnel standpoint, we're fairly utilized in the shale-gathering work right now and in Canada. As far as spreads are concerned, we do have some underutilization on some of our specialized equipment for big pipe. But other than that, our equipment is being utilized fairly well on the equipment that can be used in both big pipe and in shale-gathering work. So I would say overall, our utilization is pretty high right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Zach Larkin with Stephens.
Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First question, Jim, I wondered if you could talk a little bit more about the small transmission work, the positive indications there. And I wondered if there's any kind of a geographic impact where you're seeing the most strength in the small transmission markets. Or is it something that's pretty broad-based across the country?
James F. O'Neil: It's broad-based across the country right now. I mean, it's NERC compliance standards that all of our customers have to meet. And those went into effect late last year, and we're starting to see momentum there. So we expect that will continue -- it's a multiyear trend. And it's a significant amount of work that needs to be done. So it's -- the day-to-day work, the $5 million, $10 million, $20 million, $30 million projects, but there are some specific requirements that NERC has put out that our customers need to meet, and that's driving a lot of our construction activity today.
Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great, thanks. And then Derrick, I wondered if you could give a little bit more color on the legal expense. Is that something that you expect to kind of continue through the end of the year? Or do you have any sense on when those expenses might curtail?
Derrick A. Jensen: I think we'll have some form of expense through probably the rest of this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I was hoping you might be able to provide a little bit more color on priorities for cash for deployment. I know you made some discussion about investing in individual projects on a select basis, maybe any thoughts there, as well as your current M&A outlook and appetite for acquisitions either in the U.S. or overseas.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. I'd say that it remains somewhat constant. And as you saw from the second quarter, I mean, our first demand is working capital to support our projects. And as we talked about, we have capital expenditure needs for this year. We are optimistic still on the acquisition and investment side. I mean, we've talked about some smaller investments that are out there. And at the same time, from an acquisition standpoint, I'd say that we closed 10 acquisitions in the last 12 months. And I believe we'll continue to see that -- a similar type of opportunistic activity over the next 12 months.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And Jim, I'm not sure if I caught this as well in your prepared comments. Is there any update regarding your thoughts on the renewables business for this year, in particular the solar side?
James F. O'Neil: Renewables will be strong this year, particularly solar, as we take advantage of -- our customers take advantage of the 1603 tax grant that expired at the end of last year. So we do have significant activity. We will experience strong double-digit growth in solar this year and renewables overall. And I expect that, that trend will last into '13. Beyond that, I think a lot of it has to do with what state RPS does because federal subsidies are expiring, but for the foreseeable future, it's going to be a very active business for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Beach with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. One, the electric margin in this quarter at 11% on record revenues, below the margins of the last 3 quarters at least, and you had a couple of major project close-outs, can you describe why the margin is lower this quarter than the past 2 or 3?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. The primary reason is actually the amount of storm work. I mean, when you look at the amount of the storm work we had in the fourth quarter of last year and the second quarter of last year, as well as even the first quarter of this year, we had substantially higher revenues from storm and yet, in all of those periods. And those things come in at higher margin. This quarter, we only had $13 million of storm work that compares to numbers of -- in the neighborhood of like $50 million from the previous period. So that's a pretty big driver. And then kind of sequentially, I mean, from the first quarter to second quarter, we had great weather in the first quarter, allowing us to have substantially higher productivity. That contributed to both revenues and reduced costs in the first quarter that when we come to the second quarter, those weren't quite the same. Relative to close-outs, there wasn't anything unusual in the second quarter relative to any close-out jobs. So there wasn't anything negatively impacted in the quarter.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And as the follow-up, can you tell us what the growth rate was in your electric distribution revenues this quarter year-over-year?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think last year, we said we had about 10%. And again, we don't measure this segment. There is some gray line between small transmission and large distribution. But it's not a bright line. But I would say that we're experiencing close to 15% to 20% growth in distribution year-to-date, compared to 10% year-over-year last year over the prior year. So distribution does continue to accelerate, and we're real pleased about that.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Does any of that have to do with the extreme hot weather?
James F. O'Neil: It has to do with extreme hot weather, NERC reliability standards, pent-up demand because distribution has been at very low levels. Distribution mainly has been at low levels since '08, and it's really catch-up. So it's also housing. Housing reports over the last quarter have started to turn, and we do have some new housing starts. So it's a combination of different things, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I was just wondering a little bit about the guidance. And Jim, you kind of mentioned some better visibility is giving you the confidence to raise the guidance. Is there any change in your overall approach, where you try to be real conservative and really put in there what you know you have? Or has the execution success here over the first 2 quarters of the year maybe encouraged you to have a little bit more confidence just broadly speaking as you go into the second half?
James F. O'Neil: I think the midpoint of our guidance is consistent with the approach that we've taken since the first of the year when it comes to the timing and start of large projects and our visibility into the gas business. So I would say the midpoint of our guidance has very little uncommitted gas in there. Our non -- no uncommitted gas for the year.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just as it relates to the pipelines. Typically, the winter months have been the bidding season for the large-diameter stuff. You kind of mentioned in your press release here that you're expecting a couple of large projects come forward. With the winter months a few months off still, do you think that the seasonality of those pipeline bookings could maybe change this year and come earlier than it normally has in the past?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I think you're going to see a change in the seasonality of awards probably over the next 2 to 3 years because of the amount of large, multiyear potentially projects that are going to be proposed to bring liquids from Canada and from these liquid shale plays to refinery centers. So the normal cyclicality of this business could provide more visibility on big diameter -- large-diameter, long-haul pipe for probably at least 2 to 3 years. That's what we think will occur. We're pretty confident that, that's what we're going to see going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ahmar Zaman with Piper Jaffray.
Shawn E. Lockman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: This is Shawn on for Ahmar. I noticed on the balance sheet, you guys took out some long-term debt this quarter. I'm wondering if you could kind of walk us through what prompted that and how you're using it.
Derrick A. Jensen: I'm not sure I understood the second part of your question or heard the second part. But relative to the debt, back to the working capital demands in the quarter, we've had substantial growth. And then as we talked about some of the aspects of Sunrise, it takes some draws on our cash. But in addition, we closed an acquisition in the quarter, which was about $26 million of cash. And we also put the additional investment in Howard Energy, which we talked about in the first quarter, which is an additional $52 million of cash. So those things combined just took some short-term cash needs. I'd say that by the end of the year, we wouldn't expect to have any borrowings outstanding.
Shawn E. Lockman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And I wonder if you could just take a bigger picture question here. I mean, we talk a lot about kind of the challenges of an election year. The outlook that as we get past the election this year that we're going to see some acceleration of work in 2013 or just to kind of get your thoughts on that.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we haven't quantified or given any guidance for '13, but there is nothing that doesn't lead us to believe that '13 is going to be a very strong year from what we have in backlog today and what we expect will happen going forward in all of our segments, really. I mean, we have momentum in all of our segments and we haven't seen any reason to believe that '13 won't be a very strong year. It doesn't matter who wins the election. Infrastructure is still going to be one of the primary objectives of either administration. So we're feeling confident going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: My first question is on pipeline integrity. Can you give us an update on that aspect of pipeline. And my second question specifically deals with Canada. Can you give us a little more color on Canada's operations both in the electrical and the pipe side for this last quarter?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think the Hanna award is just -- reflects the opportunities in Canada. There is a similar build opportunities in Canada as there are in the U.S. It's just occurring probably a year or 2 later than what the U.S. experienced. I mean, that's reflected not only by Hanna, but the Northwest Transmission Line. So that works out in about those 2 projects and we look forward to executing and growing our businesses in the Canadian market. The pipeline integrity business, it's going to be a strong business. I think that's an area of our business that can grow more than any other part of our business, but it's growing off of a smaller base and I think that's going to materialize over time. That's a longer-term growth opportunity for us that, I think, could be something material in 3 to 4 to 5 years from now but it seems the regulations are going to draw a significant amount of construction and rehabilitation efforts in the pipeline market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Irwin with Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Jim, you mentioned that you have a pretty high level of utilization. I was hoping that you might be able to shed some color on whether or not this makes you a little bit more selective in the jobs that you accept and how you see potentially expanding the utilization and -- or at least your capacity to handle similar levels of utilization going forward, and then whether or not the current high levels of activity are impacting labor rates and if you see that out there on the horizon.
James F. O'Neil: Well, the labor -- let me address the labor rates first. We're under multiyear agreements with -- we're in the pipeline unions, the different unions that are associated with the pipeline industry. Those are multiyear agreements. Labor rates aren't going crazy right now for us. I mean, they're multiyear agreements that we negotiate when they expire, very similar to the electric business. We're not utilizing our big pipe equipment right now. And we're very comfortable that when the big pipework comes that we're going to be able to provide the necessary resources and execute on those projects. It was imperative for us to maximize utilization of our people and what equipment that we could share on shale pipework to move back toward a profitable segment. So that was an imperative objective for us. But we're certainly well positioned strategically to not only keep that work ongoing in the shales, but to capitalize on opportunities in the big pipework. Very similar to the electric route. Everybody was worried about how we were going to move from being on 2 transmission projects to 12, and we were able to deliver there, from a resource standpoint. And we're just as confident that we're going to be able to capitalize on the pipeline market as it expands as well.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: My follow-up question, I wanted to ask if you could give us an update on your initiative in combined cycle power plants, where you stand on that and what your potential outlook is for bookings in that market over the course of the year.
James F. O'Neil: That's a niche market for us that we're trying to greenfield into. And some of that work has been pushed out a little bit further than what we thought it would from a standpoint of accelerating, the market accelerating, which is okay, because we're using our renewable folks into that type of business. And our renewable folks are very active right now, building solar plants. And the wind market has also picked up somewhat. So it's a niche market for us. It's not immaterial today. Hopefully, we'll be able to talk more about that. It's a growth area for us in '13 or even in '14, but it's more of a future opportunity for us, not something that is really going to materialize anytime near soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: On the -- with regards to your outlook for the long-haul pipeline segment, are you bidding on those jobs yet? And if not, when do you expect to see those bids come out?
James F. O'Neil: We're having discussions with customers, okay, and nothing's really formally come out to bid right now. We're just having discussions with customers about capacity concerns into '13 and '14 because the industry is going to be tight. So we -- like I said in my prepared remarks, we think that this will become clear to everyone as we get into the fourth quarter. And certainly into the first quarter, we'll have much more visibility on what's going on in the big pipe market. But we haven't bid anything to date yet, no.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then I wanted to ask secondly on telecom. What are the atmospherics like in that business right now? And are there any catalysts there, say, over the next 12 months?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I think right now, we're at the height of stimulus construction and things are going really, really well. And I don’t anticipate that, that is going to lighten up anytime soon. I mean, stimulus is going to take us well into '13 and probably to the end of '13. The Universal Services Fund is a big opportunity. That's a program that's almost like a federal stimulus that we think will provide subsidies to the telecom market equal to what we're seeing in stimulus today as we get beyond '13. So that's a huge potential opportunity that could keep our telecom business strong beyond stimulus as well as many of our customers are starting to move forward with capital projects beyond stimulus. Stimulus really got them a head start on their strategic objectives. So we're feeling pretty good about telecom right now going forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the gas business, just a follow-up to a question earlier. Your revenues were down sequentially the last 2 quarters in that business, but the margins improved significantly. So I'm just trying to get an understanding, get my head around that, what were the big changes between this quarter and the last couple of quarters where you were able to increase the profitability of that business?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. Actually, it's similar to our discussion of second quarter of this year versus second quarter of last year in that there were some weather impacts that impacted a few of the jobs in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. At the same time, from a revenue perspective, we had the wrap-up of at least one large diameter pipeline job in the first quarter. We didn't have any of that work in the second. So you had kind of a decrease in revenue because of that.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So the right way to think about it is, weather impacts really have that kind of ability to change your profitability on those projects, and it seems like this quarter was a much cleaner, from a weather perspective, than it had been in previous quarters. Is that right?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, weather actually is an impact, but we also established ourselves in the shales. And we weren't in the shales last year at this time as well. So that's going to help us as well in the second quarter of this year, certainly, against the second quarter of last year.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess just a follow-up question there is, you're still not at your target of 9% to 12% margins in that business and my understanding is that there is -- in order to get to 9% to 12%, you're likely going to need to book some of these large-diameter pipe projects. And so maybe help me understand your confidence, I guess, on the timing of some of these projects, Keystone being one of them, one that we haven't talked about yet today.
James F. O'Neil: Well, again, we're confident that Keystone and other projects will go forward in '13 and '14 because of the discussions we've been having with customers. And not only us, but other contractors in the industry have -- will give you that same data point. You will see big pipe taking liquids from these liquid-rich shale plays and the Canadian oil sands go to refining centers primarily in the Gulf of Mexico. Look at the expansion plans in the capital that's going into expanding these refineries. You haven't seen that in decades. That's all associated -- or primarily associated with liquids coming from these shales. Right now, they're railing and trucking product. That's a very inefficient means of transporting products. Once they get enough gathering in place, gathering systems in place, you will start seeing big pipe built. And I think that, from what we're hearing from our customers, the big pipelines are going to start coming in '13 and '14. We do need to get some of that big pipework in order to get to that 9% to 12% operating income target. And we're confident that we'll see that big pipework come sometime in '13 and certainly into the '14 and '15 time frame.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from the line of Will Gabrielski with Lazard Capital Markets.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Jim, can you quantify what underutilization of the big pipeline equipment, what impact that had on the natural gas margin in Q2?
James F. O'Neil: It's mid single digit operating income to the 9% to 12% operating range. I mean, the primary reason that we have that delta in margins is because we have higher margin work on the big pipework, as well as underutilization of equipment. So I don't think we can quantify it any better than that, really. I mean that direction is what it does for you.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just quickly on working capital, where that's going to trend maybe over the next few quarters based on what you have in hand today?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. I think that the biggest driver of working capital is obviously our receivables and DSOs, and I think that what we'll see is that by the time we get to the end of the year that, that will start to trend downward. Historically, working capitals run about 15% of revenues and -- but as we go forward, a lot of revenue is coming up right now. And some of these things can get tied up in some of these larger jobs, but I'd say that you can look at DSOs being able to be improved.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Saagar Parikh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This is Saagar again. I have a quick question -- I apologize if I missed this in Derrick's commentary earlier. But the rise that you -- the ramp that you guys had with the Sunrise Powerlink project, just finishing that up in the second quarter, did that have -- how much of a damper did that have on your electric power operating margins? What sort of impact could we see going forward from the change order? And is that built into your updated guidance?
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, there wasn't any impact relative to margins. I mean, that job has recorded consistent margins throughout the period. And as it relates to -- I think the second part of your question is kind of what risk profile. And we believe that we're in substantial conversation with the customers such that the change order will come through and be collected at some point in time between now and the end of the year. It's tough to predict, I guess, the change order effect as far as when it will be settled, but we're pushing for settlement as soon as possible.
Saagar Parikh - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. And I'm assuming that's built into your guidance then?
Derrick A. Jensen: Well, that job is complete at this point. So relative to an income impact, there wouldn't -- there will not be any income impact.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to management for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
James F. O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our second quarter 2012 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: If you'd like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial 1 (800) 406-7325 or (303) 590-3030 and enter access code 455817.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Founder and Managing Partner James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Rodney C. Clayton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew Buscaglia Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Ahmar M. Zaman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this call is being recorded today, May 3, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Craig, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review first quarter 2012 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information e-mailed to you when they occur, please sign up for the e-mail information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com.  A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day. That can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 3, 2012, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statement. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011; its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning the call over to James Haddox, Quanta's CFO, to provide a detailed review of our first quarter financial results. Following James' comments, we will welcome your questions.  Our first quarter results reflect continued solid execution by our operations and robust demand for our services. Our revenues in the first quarter grew 68% compared to the first quarter of 2011, and our GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.22 represents a $63.3 million net income improvement over the same quarter last year. Both our 12 month and total backlog increased at the end of the first quarter compared to the end of the same quarter in 2011. 12-month backlog increased about 37% and total backlog increased almost 12% compared to the backlog at the end of the first quarter of 2011.  Our first quarter results were driven by strong performance in our Electric Power segment, due to the number of electric transmission projects in construction and our ability to safely execute on these projects. Of note, our employed count at the end of this year's first quarter was about 19,000, up 35% compared to the first quarter of last year, and up 7% sequentially since the end of the fourth quarter of 2011.  Turning to our Electric Power segment, revenues increased approximately 65% in this year's first quarter compared to the same period last year. 12-month backlog at the end of the first quarter for the Electric Power segment increased 45%, and total backlog for this segment increased 14% compared to the end of the 2011 first quarter. We are in the construction phase on 12 large electric transmission projects, and most are progressing as expected without significant delays. We continue to see significant opportunity for large electric transmission awards in 2012 and 2013, as utilities move forward with these projects to improve grid reliability and transport power from renewable sources to load centers. We believe we are still in the early stages of a multiyear transmission build-out in the United States and Canada, and expect our Electric Power segment backlog to remain strong throughout 2012 and beyond. We are currently in various stages of discussions on approximately $1 billion of large electric transmission projects that we expect will be awarded this year.  As I mentioned on our fourth quarter earnings call, we expect the timing of large transmission awards to be lumpy going forward. Therefore, we recommend that investors focus on new award activity over the long term rather than on a quarterly basis.  In addition to the large electric transmission project opportunities, the smaller transmission market remains active, and tight industry capacity has firmed up pricing for these smaller projects. We have also seen distribution spending increased thus far in 2012 when compared to 2011, but are cautious about our expectation for the remainder of the year given that the politics of an election year could impact utility spending patterns.  We believe attractive opportunities for solar EPC projects could move forward in 2012 and 2013. During the first quarter, we were selected by GCL Solar Energy to provide comprehensive EPC services on 2 photovoltaic facilities totaling 70 megawatts. These projects are located near the city of Alpaugh in Tulare County, California. The projects are scheduled for completion by year end. And once completed, the combined facilities will be one of the largest photovoltaic tracking facilities in the world.  We're also working on the 20-megawatt Atwell Island solar facility in Tulare County, California for Solar Project Solutions, a joint venture between Samsung Green Repower and Enco Utility Services. Both of the GCL and Atwell projects are in the early stages of construction and will move into more active state of construction in the second quarter of this year. We are seeing additional utility scale solar opportunities that could be awarded this year. Like large electric transmission projects, we expect the timing of solar EPC project awards to be uneven due to the regulatory environment, availability of project financing and other factors.  Natural Gas and Pipeline revenues increased about 103% in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the same quarter last year. At the end of the first quarter of 2012, 12-month backlog and total backlog for our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment increased approximately -- about 29% and 12%, respectively, compared to the end of the first quarter of 2011. Demand for gathering system pipeline infrastructure within the shales is strong, and we remain encouraged by the opportunities we continue to see for our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment.  Since our last earnings conference call, on February 22, Quanta has been awarded approximately $170 million of pipeline projects, for a total of approximately $370 million of pipeline project awards since the first of the year. The projects awarded thus far in 2012 consist of gathering system and pipeline construction projects that call for Quanta to construct new pipeline facilities and replace existing pipelines to facilitate the transportation of natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil to markets and processing facilities. These projects are for customers such as Anadarko Petroleum, Cayman Energy, EPE Energy , Enbridge Pipeline and Nicor Gas.  Of our current 12-month backlog for pipeline projects, the majority is for pipeline gathering system infrastructure with the remainder for long-haul pipeline projects. It is worth noting that we have had no -- we had no pipeline gathering projects in hand or in backlog at this time last year. We are also encouraged by the level of long-haul pipeline opportunities on the horizon. In addition to the Keystone XL project, there are several large pipeline projects yet to be awarded that are targeted for construction later this year, in 2013 and in 2014, that will require a significant amount of pipeline construction industry capacity. Based on these long-haul pipeline opportunities, coupled with our expectations of a strong pipeline gathering system market in those years, we anticipate industry capacity could meaningfully tighten going forward.  As a result of the strategic initiatives we have executed on over the past year and the positive demand side outlook for our pipeline construction services for the next several years, we believe our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment is better positioned today for profitable growth than it was at this time last year. Although we have incurred an operating loss in the first quarter for this segment, we do expect this segment to be profitable for the full year of 2012.  Our Telecommunications segment continues to experience momentum. Revenues increased approximately 33% in this year's first quarter compared to the same period last year, and we expect to improve financial performance for this segment in 2012 versus 2011. Compared to the end of last year's first quarter, 12 month and total backlog for this segment increased almost 13% and about 2%, respectively. The increase in revenues, margins and backlog for this segment versus the first quarter of last year was driven by increases in the engineering and startup of broadband stimulus projects, fiber-to-the-cell site projects and wireless-related work. We anticipate that this segment's revenues will grow at double-digit rates with attractive margins throughout the year.  In our Fiber Optic Licensing segment, revenues in the quarter increased approximately 3% compared to the first quarter of last year. 12 month and total backlog increased about 10% and nearly 4%, respectively, at the end of this year's first quarter as compared to the end of the first quarter of 2011. We experienced a pickup in sales activity last year and during the K-12's school district selling season earlier this year. We believe this activity will result in an increased revenue growth in the latter part of this year and into 2013. We continue to balance the build-out of our newer markets to increase network penetration, while investing in our more mature markets that generate higher margins and returns in the near term. This balanced approach has enabled us to enhance our networks to grow returns and revenues, while also maintaining relatively consistent and high margins.  As a result of our strong first quarter results, the expectation of continued strength in our Electric Power segment, the improved opportunities and better visibility for our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment and our continued expectation for growth in our Telecom segment, we are increasing our 2012 full year outlook. We are increasing our revenue estimate by $400 million to $500 million and our diluted and adjusted diluted earnings per share estimates each by $0.10. James will provide additional detail about our outlook in his comments.  Though we are excited about our opportunities for 2012, our outlook continues to take in account a challenging operating environment due to economic uncertainty, and in particular, a tough regulatory environment in a presidential election year. These factors are outside of our control, and they have impacted the timing of project awards and project starts in the past.  In summary, total company backlog remains strong. Our Electric Power segment continues to perform well, and we see significant transmission opportunities for the next several years. We also believe our better positioning and indications of an improved operating environment for our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment should produce better results for this segment in 2012 versus 2011, with momentum building in 2013 and 2014. As a result, we believe all of our operating segments will experience an increase in revenues and margins in 2012.  As a final note, in early April, we announced that James Haddox will assume the role of Executive Vice President of Quanta on May 17 of this year and that Derrick Jensen, Quanta's Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Accounting Officer will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer on the same date. James will remain actively involved with Quanta in his role as Executive Vice President. Derrick has been with Quanta since its inception. I have worked with Derrick for nearly 14 years, and I'd like to thank James and congratulate Derrick, and I look forward to continuing to work with them both.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to James.
James H. Haddox: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.43 billion for the first quarter of 2011 compared to $849 million in the prior year's first quarter, reflecting growth of about 68% quarter-over-quarter. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $45.7 million or $0.22 per diluted share, as compared to a net loss of $17.6 million or a loss of $0.08 per diluted share in the first quarter of last year. The growth in consolidated revenues in the first quarter of 2012 was driven by growth across all of Quanta's segments. Also contributing to our increased revenues in the first quarter of 2012 was the incremental contribution of approximately $50 million in revenues during the quarter from companies acquired since the first quarter of 2011.  Our consolidated gross margin increased from 8.4% in 1Q '11 to 13.7% in 1Q '12. This increase was due to higher profit margins earned across all of our segments, with the majority of the increase being driven by improved performance on electric power transmission projects and reduced losses in the Natural Gas segment.  Selling, general and administrative expenses of $107 million increased $15 million as compared to last year's first quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $4.1 million in higher salary and benefit costs associated with increased levels of activity; approximately $3.7 million in additional administrative expenses associated with companies acquired since the first quarter of 2011; and $3.1 million in increased professional fees and technology development costs relating to starting activities that no longer qualify for capitalization.  As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased from 10.8% in the first quarter of 2011 to 7.5% in the first quarter of 2012, primarily due to the higher overall revenues as previously discussed.  Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense increased from a loss of 2.4% in 1Q '11 to a positive 6.2% in 1Q '12.  To further discuss our segment results, the Electric Power segment's revenues were up about $367 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 65%. Revenues were positively impacted by higher revenues from electric power transmission services resulting from an increase in the number and size of projects that are ongoing in 1Q '12 compared to 1Q '11. Also contributing to this increase was the incremental contribution of $40 million in revenue from acquired companies and $16 million in higher emergency restoration services, resulting primarily from winter storm work in the Northwest region of the United States. Additionally, as compared to last year's first quarter, when we had construction start delays on 3 major power transmission projects, this year's first quarter had no such delay.  Operating margin in the Electric Power segment increased to 11.7% in the first quarter of 2012 compared to 5.2% in last year's first quarter, primarily due to higher overall revenues from services on higher-margin transmission projects, as well as increased higher-margin emergency restoration services. Additionally, these increased revenues contributed to this segment's improved ability to cover fixed and overhead costs.  Natural Gas and Pipeline revenues increased quarter-over-quarter by 103% to $358.9 million in 1Q '12, primarily due to an increase in number and size of transmission pipeline projects. Additionally, we saw increases in revenues from natural gas distribution services due to an outsourced services agreement for gas distribution work, which we started in the second quarter of 2011, as well as increased spending by certain of our customers.  Operating loss for the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment as a percentage of revenues decreased to negative 3.1% for 1Q '12 from a negative 20.9% for 1Q '11. This improvement was primarily due to the prior year being significantly impacted by productivity issues on certain gas transmission pipeline projects, which were hampered by unusual winter weather and complicated by restrictive governmental regulations. Significant rainfall adversely impacted the profitability of certain projects in the first quarter of 2012, although, to a lesser extent than we experienced in 1Q of '11.  Revenues from our Telecommunications segment increased $26.6 million or 33% from $106 million in 1Q '12, primarily due to an increase in the volume of work associated with stimulus-funded fiber optic construction projects and higher revenues from fiber-to-the-cell site initiatives, resulting from higher capital spending by our customers. Operating margin in the Telecommunications segment was 7.9% in 1Q '12 compared to a negative 4.6% in 1Q '11. This increase in margin is primarily due to the increased demand for our services, allowing for margin expansion, as well as the impact of revenue increases on this segment's ability to cover fixed costs.  Fiber Optic Licensing segment revenues were $27.0 million for the first quarter of 2012, reflecting an increase of 3% over 1Q '11. Operating margin was 50% in 1Q '12 compared to operating margin of 45.8% in 1Q '11.  When calculating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effect of such expenses. Corporate and unallocated costs increased $13.3 million in the first quarter of '12 as compared to 1Q of 2011, primarily due to $5.3 million in higher salary and incentive compensation costs associated with current levels of operating activity, and $3.1 million in higher amortization expense, as well as increased professional fees and technology development costs relating to certain activities that no longer qualify for capitalization.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share, as calculated in today's press release, was $0.27 for the first quarter of 2012 compared to an adjusted diluted loss per share of $0.05 in 1Q '11. Cash flow used in operations was approximately $60 million. Capital expenditures were about $34 million, resulting in approximately $94 million in negative free cash flow for the quarter. The negative free cash flow during the first quarter of 2012 was primarily due to higher costs in excess of billing balances and certain ongoing electric and gas transmission projects at first quarter production that had now reached milestone billing points, as well as increased retainage balances associated with these ongoing projects. The higher production on certain transmission projects due to favorable weather resulted in increased revenue. However, some of the billing units associated with these projects are large, and the milestones for submission of these billings had not occurred as of the quarter end. Despite these increases, our days sales outstanding or DSOs were 79 days at March 31, 2012, versus 84 days at March 31, 2011, and 68 days at December 31, 2011.  EBITA for the first quarter of 2012 was $84.7 million or 5.9% of revenues, compared to a negative $22 million or negative 2.6% of revenues for the first quarter of 2011.  Adjusted EBITDA was $122.4 million or 8.6% of revenues for the first quarter of 2012, compared to $12 million or 1.4% of revenues for the first quarter of 2011.  The calculation of EBITA and EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and DSOs can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com.  At March 31, 2012, we had about $182 million in letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program, and had no other borrowing. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $177 million in cash. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we have nearly $695 million in total liquidity as of March 31.  We closed 3 acquisitions during the first quarter for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $67 million, comprised of about $25 million in stock and $42 million in cash. Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we closed an additional acquisition of a full-service electrical construction company in the Southeast U.S. for $38 million and finalized an additional $52 million equity investment in Howard Midstream Energy Partners. Howard Energy used the proceeds of our investment, together with capital contributed by other investors, to acquire additional pipeline assets in South Texas. Our equity investment in Howard is approximately $87 million after this transaction, representing about a 31% interest.  Concerning our outlook for 2012, we expect revenues for the second quarter of 2012 to range between $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion, and diluted earnings per share to be $0.28 to $0.30 on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to revenues of $1.01 billion and diluted earnings per share of $0.15 in GAAP EPS in 2Q '11. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2Q '12 includes an estimate of $7 million for noncash compensation expenses and $10 million for amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter are expected to be $0.33 to $0.35, and compared to non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.19 in 2Q '11. This non-GAAP measure is calculated on the same basis as the historical calculations of adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in the release.  As a result of our strong financial performance in the first quarter of 2012, our increased backlog and our higher level of confidence in the expected results for our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment, we have increased our 2012 guidance. We currently expect revenues for the full year 2012 to range between $5.4 billion and $5.7 billion, and diluted earnings per share to be between $1 to $1.20 on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to revenues of $4.6 billion and $0.62 in GAAP EPS in 2011. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2012 includes an estimate of $26 million for noncash compensation expenses and $39 million of amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from 2012 -- for 2012 are expected to be $1.19 to $1.39. We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interest to be approximately $4 million in the second quarter of 2012 and $16.3 million for the year.  For additional guidance, we're currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 37% for 2012, and we expect our diluted share count to be about 212 million shares for 2012. We expect CapEx for all of 2012 to be approximately $190 million to $225 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing segment of about $40 million to $50 million. This compares to CapEx of all of 2011 of $172 million.  As Jim commented, we have entered 2012 with quite a bit of momentum in our business. We believe that we're operationally and financially well-positioned for solid growth in 2012 and beyond. As you know, this will be my last quarterly conference call as the CFO of Quanta. Effective at our annual meeting on May 17, Derrick Jensen will become CFO of Quanta. Derrick and I have worked closely together since the inception of Quanta, and I'm confident that Derrick will do an excellent job as Quanta's CFO. As for me, I'm looking forward to serving as Quanta's EVP and assisting Quanta as needed through this transition. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question does come from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: James, we're going to miss you. So I look forward to hopefully seeing you at Quanta headquarters. My first question is really, obviously, if you look at the strong performance in the second quarter and how it's shaping up, a lot of your guidance being taken up seems to reflect that. As you look at the second half of this year, could you talk a bit about the drivers that are on the positive, and really a little more color on the risk you're assuming there?
James F. O'Neil: Tahira, we probably, for the first time, we've taken a lot of uncommitted out of our forecast because we are in an election year. And so much of our backlog is large project work that's subject to starts and stops because of the owners' regulatory environment. And so we've taken a conservative approach, and we've got very high -- I think our pipeline business is pretty much what we forecasted is what we have in backlog for the year. Not much uncommitted if any at all. And on the electric side, we're really not taking into account any future awards to any greater extent. So we are being conservative because we have been through this before. In prior -- in the last year, we've had some stops in projects which we got on the wrong side of guidance. So we're just trying to be conservative, and we'll take it a quarter at a time.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That seems to make sense. And I guess my second question is, your commentary on the long-haul pipeline side, very encouraging and really the first blush, really, outside of Keystone that seems positive. Could you talk a bit about what you think is driving this, and what we should be looking out for to see these projects really move ahead?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I can talk in general. Again, it's difficult because of the customer environment and the pipeline segment for us to disclose too much information specifically about customers. But it's what we've been saying all along, it's the Canadian oil sands, pipeline infrastructure, bringing that product to refineries either into the U.S. or to shipping ports in Canada. And also, just the gathering system in long-haul pipeline infrastructure to bring shale products to refineries and to markets throughout the U.S. And that's been the consistent theme, and we're starting to see some traction in the industry. And I think that it's getting ready to break out, the industry in general. And we're going to have some very robust years ahead, and we'll benefit from that.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Will Gabrielski with Lazard Capital Markets.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about beyond the reliability and congestion of renewables-driven transmission work? I've just been seeing a lot more talk about rebuilding of lines and enforcement of NERC regulations. How much is that impacting your business? And what does that look like going forward?
James F. O'Neil: That's a very good question, Will. The small transmission market is really accelerating and that is being driven by NERC compliance. And I would say that we're probably seeing just as large of an increase in the smaller transmission market, which probably makes up for almost half of our overall transmission market, just giving you a general estimate. I see that part of the transmission business accelerating even more than my large transmission market, and it's being driven by the NERC compliance standards.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Is there any way -- or have you seen any numbers that can quantify maybe the number of miles that are out there that could possibly fall under some sort of NERC-driven rebuild cycle?
James F. O'Neil: We're hearing around 10,000 miles right now. It's probably going to increase over time.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then one last question, if you'll allow me. Can you just run through -- you said you have 12 big projects in construction now. As you look through the year, what the schedule looks like in terms of big jobs winding down and then maybe some jobs that you recently booked moving into construction?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think in general, the way to look at it is you got Sunrise and Hydro One that are winding down here in the second quarter. And you got most of the CREZ that's winding up in the second quarter. That's the big, I guess, movement. The other projects are moving along in construction, and they have completion schedules anywhere from mid-2013 all the way out through 2016.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Rodney C. Clayton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Rodney Clayton here for Scott. And congrats, again, to Derrick and James on your responsibilities there. So first, I just want to focus a bit on the regulatory environment. It sounds like you didn't have many delays in Q1 and it feels like maybe your visibility into the timing on some of the transmission projects is improving. Should we interpret that to mean that the permitting environment is getting any less onerous or is it just that some of your newer projects have had the time to push through the regulatory bottleneck?
James F. O'Neil: I think it's the latter. I think that the regulatory environment has been onerous for our customers, and that we've just had projects move through that bottleneck into construction. But we are -- we do still have some projects that are working in Forest Service lands and we're just being very conservative on forecasting those projects through the rest of the year.
Rodney C. Clayton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I appreciate your commentary around election year politics. I certainly understand that. Are you seeing any impact at this time from the election calendar? Or is it just -- or that's just something that you're cognizant of that, that could occur later on?
James F. O'Neil: We're cognizant of it, that it could occur later on. We haven't seen anything to date, but we expect the unexpected today versus the -- in the past.
Rodney C. Clayton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then finally, looking at your pipeline business, obviously, revenue very strong in the quarter. And I understand that it's going to be profitable on a full year basis. Can you just remind us, what kind of turns that -- pushes that in the profitability? Is it just the higher activity levels that you're expecting later on in the year, absorbing your fixed costs? Or is there -- or is there some of the catalysts there?
James F. O'Neil: No, I think it's just moving out of the first quarter that had some bad weather -- or challenging weather. It's just better weather. And second and third quarter is when you really move into full execution and get your better weather, to will drive a profitable business, which in turn will give us, we think, a marginally profitable business for the full year of '12. So we're looking forward to the second quarter and beyond in that segment.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Buscaglia: This is Andrew Buscaglia on behalf of Jamie Cook. So I got a quick question on -- just looking at, sort of looking at your strength in Q1, which is usually a seasonally weaker quarter. I know you mentioned that you had some revenues from acquisitions and some better weather. Was there anything else there that surprised you that -- I mean, I think you surprised us here a little bit, with such a strong top line and the margins were pretty good. So is there anything else that you're seeing in what is usually sort of a seasonally weaker time frame?
James F. O'Neil: No, Andrew, I think it was really -- we just had so much transmission work going on. And the winter weather was very mild throughout the country, and we got better production and that translated into better margins. I think if there was anything added to that, is we were doing more work in the small transmission market than we expected because of NERC compliance.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, yes. So, yes, it looks like some of the weather helped. Do you think that might have pulled anything? I know looking at your guidance, it looks like the back half implies sort of like a $0.60 between Q3 and Q4. Is that just you being conservative or is there just -- is there -- is some of that demand -- or some of that -- from the strength in Q1, just kind of pulled ahead from the remaining 3 quarters?
James F. O'Neil: Again, I think -- well, we're being conservative in the second half of the year because it is an election year. So if you model the second half of the year, the fourth quarter's probably going to be light because we don't have a lot of uncommitted in there. So that's -- it is a conservative second half of the year, and we'll take it a quarter at a time.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: But a couple of quick questions. First on the pipeline business. What's your geographic mix these days, given that it's changed a little bit over the last 12 months?
James F. O'Neil: We've primarily been in the Marcellus and we had a transmission job in the -- a long-haul pipeline job in Texas in the first quarter. That's completed. But we're primarily in the Marcellus and Eagle Ford and Bakken. That's where we're positioned to take advantage of these liquid-rich plays. Of course, our long-haul pipeline, we work throughout the country, wherever there's an opportunity.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And could you run through your view on pricing by end market?
James F. O'Neil: By end market, you mean by segment or just in the pipeline business?
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: You can go by segment in all your businesses.
James F. O'Neil: I mean, pricing across the board is, I guess I can just say in general, is strengthening because the capacity in all of our segments is tightening up. You can look at any of the businesses, whether it's electric distribution, the small transmission market, the large electric transmission market, even the pipeline business is beginning to firm up. Telecom has been very active. That market's firmed up. So that should all translate into better margins this year compared to last on a consolidated basis.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And one last question. Given sort of some of the transition in transmission projects in 2Q, should we expect margins in Electric Power to be a little bit better or a little bit softer than 1Q?
James F. O'Neil: I think, margins should continue to be strong. It's going to be driven by Electric Power segment, which should perform on the upper end of the 9% to 12% operating income. We can't really take any one quarter. The second quarter -- the first quarter, obviously, was strong because we had good weather. It almost felt like a second or third quarter because of the mild weather. So I think I'd just rather leave it at that. You can't really show any patterns, margins should -- throughout the year, margins just should be strong. They should be in the upward, in the 9% to 12%, maybe even better than that for the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Beach with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You had quantified the bidding opportunities in your Electric Power division, can you quantify opportunities, talk about how active the bidding or discussions are in the other 2 major divisions, gas and gas pipeline -- or Gas and Pipeline and Telecom?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, on the pipeline side, Jeff, it's very active. It's a little bit different dynamic because last year, we were looking at $1.8 billion worth of activity that was going to be awarded and constructed during that calendar year. Obviously, that didn't play out. Now we're looking at probably a much higher number than that, but over 2- to 3-year construction period. So I think, a lot of that will firm up between now and the end of the year. So it's a very robust environment on the pipeline side. I would say it's definitely more robust than it was last year at this time. Telecom, obviously, we're in the height of the construction cycle for stimulus. We're still getting awards. We're seeing some MSA agreements come into play on the Telecom side as well. I think we had much as $30 million of MSA awards on the Telecom side in the first quarter. And we think that trend will continue. So it's still a very strong environment. Distribution, again, that market's growing. It's just all around, all of our segments have momentum. And price is tightening up, and the environment looks good in 2012 and into '13 and '14.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And specifically with Telecom, you've got a nice backlog. Is there enough opportunity to maintain or possibly even grow that backlog through the year?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, one thing, that's the wild card -- and we don’t think it's going to be a big issue because stimulus construction should wind down in the middle of '13. But many of the customers that benefited from stimulus will continue with their capital programs to expand the networks and then the wireless business should continue to accelerate, specifically, back-haul fiber construction. So we think that we may not have as strong a growth in Telecom in '14 over '13, as we do in our other segments, but it should still be a very strong environment.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Zach Larkin with Stephens Inc.
Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First question I had, Jim, I wanted to go back to your comments on the winding down of the Sunrise and Hydro One and then the increase on CREZ. As you're looking at those, knowing that both Sunrise and Hydro were done on a more compressed time schedule, do you think that the increase on the CREZ projects is going to be enough to offset them as we move kind of 2Q into 3Q? Or should we expect maybe a little bit of softening just on the overall level given those dynamics?
James F. O'Neil: Now remember, CREZ is compressed, too. I mean that schedule -- many of those customers compress their schedules from 12 to 18 months. Less time to build those lines. The completion dates still must be by the middle of '13. So you're not going to see any softening in transmission in the second quarter.
Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in second to third, same, same kind of dynamic there?
James F. O'Neil: Yes.
Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as you're looking at the renewables opportunities, are you seeing any differences or changes in the tides and/or scope of EPC projects that you're doing in that space?
James F. O'Neil: No, it's pretty consistent with what we've done on the prior years. I will add that these opportunities that we're capitalizing on do take advantage of the 1603 tax grants. So beyond '13 and '14 -- or excuse me, beyond '12 and '13, we'll just have to see whether renewable market goes. But it looks like a very robust market for the next 1.5 years for us.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Jeff kind of just asked my question, but maybe I'll ask it again and you can expand it -- expand on it. But the Telecom backlog, total backlog up only 2% year-over-year. I just want to make sure that they didn't really portend any real weakening there, maybe it's just a lumpy issue.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, you've got to remember that a lot of this stimulus work was awarded to us, and there were delays in the construction due to the permitting -- environmental permitting that was necessary. So we're burning off a lot of that construction -- that backlog in an accelerated manner because that was a bottleneck as well. So I think any backlog increase in that segment, with the amount of construction activity going on, is a positive.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then I did want to ask about, you made a comment about your electric utility customers, there -- are they feeling a little bit pressure? Maybe they cut back on distribution spending a little bit here as we move through 2012. What -- is that an issue of, with natural gas prices being down, is that squeezing their profitability a little bit? Why the weakness there from electric utility customers?
James F. O'Neil: No, I mean, distribution was up in '11 over '10, and we've seen it up so far in the first quarter. And we still see momentum in distribution spending. We're just being cautious about being in an election year because when we had the midterm elections is when we saw distribution cuts the last time, politics played a role in the, I guess, in capital programs being cut back on distribution. So we're just anticipating that, that type of phenomenon could happen again. We haven't seen anything that indicates that. But our forecast is leaning towards being conservative in case that does come into play.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And when you talk to those electric utility customers, they're not telling you they're concerned, you're just being cautious just based on your experience.
James F. O'Neil: Being cautious, I mean, right now, the distribution -- the customer budgets are being released in the first quarter for distribution spending. So it's more an unknown right now to us. But we don't expect distribution. We haven't heard anything from our customers that they're cutting back. It's just a cautious approach.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Ahmar Zaman with Piper Jaffray.
Ahmar M. Zaman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: A couple of questions. First one, so in your electric and pipeline business, a strong quarter. How should we think about the linearity in this business through the year, as we go through the year here? And what are some of the drivers of that linearity?
James F. O'Neil: When you talk about linearity, are you talking about the seasonality of the business or our growth year-over-year?
Ahmar M. Zaman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just the year -- as we go -- as we look at the full year, with a very strong quarter in the first quarter, as we go through Q2, Q3 and the second half of the year, do you expect any slowdown or continuous sequential growth? How should we think about that?
James F. O'Neil: No, you should see a double-digit revenue growth in each of our segments and improving margins for the year, year-over-year. And a lot of that is being driven by increased activity in the U.S. and Canada. And Canada is going to be a very active market this year.
Ahmar M. Zaman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, great. And so we should just assume that growth -- that strong double-digit growth year-over-year just linearly throughout the year?
James F. O'Neil: That's correct.
Ahmar M. Zaman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Second question's on smart grid. We've heard there's some slowdown on the smart grid sector especially around AMI. What are you seeing in some of your engagements in the smart grid side?
James F. O'Neil: We've got smart grid insulation contracts throughout the country and related smart grid apparatus like a wireless infrastructure and switchgear installations, and we haven't seen any slowdown in our smart grid business. Of course, incrementally, that's a very small part of our overall revenues. That's probably less than $100 million of what we do today. But we haven't seen any slowdown in that business.
Ahmar M. Zaman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Great. And then just -- I think, somebody already asked this question on your renewables side. Specifically on solar, you mentioned the 2 projects you won with GCL. What are you seeing in terms of overall solar growth in the U.S. year-over-year? Do you have any projections for the amount of megawatts this year that you're expecting for the U.S. market?
James F. O'Neil: I think it was a 2-gig market last year. I think that number should be fairly consistent this year. But you got to be careful because a lot of that is distributive solar, and utility scale solar is kind of mixed in. But I think the utility scale programs that we're seeing is a very robust environment at least for the next 2 years, compared to what we've seen over the last 2 or 3 years.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess my first question is really on your gas margins. Jim, if I heard you correctly, it's seems like you will get the profitability this year. Perhaps you can tell us a little bit about the timing. Do you expect the timing to be in 2Q? And then more specifically, as we kind of move out into 2013, do you think we can get back to a normalized margin range there for that business, just based on the visibility that you have today?
James F. O'Neil: Yes. We expect to be profitable in 2Q. We have forecasted this to be marginally profitable for the year. I think that's being conservative, because we've only forecasted the backlog we have in hand. But certainly we expect execution and hopefully more awards. And we should be better than hopefully marginally breakeven or marginally profitable. We certainly think that in '13 and '14, we should return to normal margin patterns that we have seen in years prior to 2011.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe a follow-on to that is, at your Investor Day, you guys listed a few sample pipeline projects that you expected to start construction in 2012, 2013. Perhaps maybe you can provide an update on whether any of those projects have been awarded yet or whether you're still expecting those projects to move forward as planned?
James F. O'Neil: None of those have been awarded to -- I know there's been some Texas projects awarded. But for the most part, that list, most of those haven't been awarded. They're all still in play. And they should move into construction in '12 -- excuse me, '13 and '14. Most of those projects will move into construction in '13 and '14.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: James, wish you well. Derrick, congratulations. Many of my questions have been answered. I want to go into pipeline in terms of integrity and inspection. Can you give us an idea of how that has been progressing throughout this first quarter?
James F. O'Neil: It's been progressing very well. It's a very small percentage of our overall pipeline segment, revenues today. But it probably has the opportunity to grow faster than any other part of our business. And we actually bought a pigging company in the first quarter to help -- allow us to provide full service -- integrity services to our customers. And we're excited about that business. And we think that over the next several years, for years to come, that business should grow significantly.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I hate to pick on the pipeline business, still. But I do have a couple of questions. I guess it's just confusing to me because the revenue was so strong, I mean, it doubled last year. And when I looked at what the margins were in that business in 2010, when your revenue was about half of what you did this quarter, you weren't posting losses. So I guess maybe the way to ask it is, the shale work that you're doing versus the long-haul work, can you break out kind of what the profitability was in your shale work specifically?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean it's pretty consistent, Justin, with the shale and the pipeline work. I mean, we -- a couple of data points for you. I mean, we did have a very good revenue quarter. And we typically see that type of revenue in the second and third quarter, we had it in the first. And we did have the mild weather in the winter due to the fact just because we did have more rain and snow and frozen ground to work in and that the muddy conditions certainly hurt our production. And I hate talking about the weather. All I can tell you is you're going to see improved performance in the second and third quarter and for the full year. And we had a challenge in the first quarter but we -- I think we've talked about being breakeven in the pipeline segment. We did have a slight loss because of some of the weather challenges that we faced, primarily in the Marcellus.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: To be clear then, I guess it's not an asset utilization issue here, where you're not generating enough revenue to cover it. It was more specific to the quarter because of weather-related issues.
James F. O'Neil: That's correct. That's correct. We're fairly -- we're pretty well utilized right now. So we feel pretty good about our position going into the second quarter.
Justin P. Hauke - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then my second question. A little more high level, but one of the things we're starting to hear more about is FERC pushing back on the allowed ROEs of some of these larger transmission projects. And I guess, just to the extent you can comment on kind of what you're seeing on that front, and if that's having any impact on kind of the decision calculus of the utilities?
James F. O'Neil: We're not really seeing that. But if that was the case, you still have the reliability issues that need to be addressed. And even if they ratchet back the ROEs, it's still going to be the higher -- the best investment for our utility customers. It will still be the highest rate of return for them, would be in transmission. So we're not concerned about that. But we haven't really seen or heard any of our customers talk about reduced ROEs affecting any of the capital programs going forward.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Craig Irwin with Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked, but I was hoping that you might be able to comment a little bit about the Electric Power segment, and maybe the difference in profitability that you're seeing between your larger projects and some of your smaller projects in the typical O&M type work you do for your customers. And whether or not you expect that, that spread will narrow over the course of the next several quarters.
James F. O'Neil: Well, usually in the past, in the slower, smaller transmission market, we saw probably 400 to 500 basis points gap in margins. But now, I think it's pretty much neutral. You might have a little bit of a gap, but it's nothing very wide. And then I would say that there are almost maybe 100 basis points difference with that on the smaller transmission jobs. I'm not saying there aren't some select jobs that might have 200, 300 basis points difference. But overall, with the small transmission market, pricing has improved significantly because of the tightened capacity in the industry.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. And previously, in your prepared comments, you mentioned $1 billion in large transmission projects that you're actively pursuing, that you think have a good probability of being awarded. Can you clarify if you've already been shortlisted for those projects or those are high probability projects for Quanta to be awarded? Or is this something where we should maybe allocate your more normal sort of win rate on large projects to scope out the potential future awards for Quanta right there?
James F. O'Neil: There's a good portion of those that there's a significant -- a high probability that we'll be awarded. There's similar others that we're in the final running, there's probably just 2 contractors being evaluated.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. I'm sorry, just to clarify, should we look at that year receiving your typical share of the large projects on that $1 billion, or should your share of that $1 billion and potential work be substantially higher than your more recent win rate?
James F. O'Neil: It will be higher than our more recent win rate.
Operator: And our next question does come from the line of Dan Mannes with Avondale.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Congrats to both Derrick and James. I'm going to pile on, on the pipeline segment. You had a couple of questions in this arc, and I guess I want to follow-through on it. When you contrast the bidding environment this year to last year, you noted there's a significantly larger amount. Can you talk about the pace of words, have you seen more coming through than you did last year? Or is it sort of the same scenario where nothing -- very little work is actually being awarded?
James F. O'Neil: We're seeing a lot of gathering system work being awarded and there's significantly more discussions and activity around the long-haul pipeline that will be constructed toward the end of this year and into '13 and '14 than what we've seen in a long time.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the follow-up on that, and I think you might have mentioned some of the regions. We've seen a couple of contracts get awarded down in Texas to union contractors like Price Gregory. Is that indicative of maybe a better and maybe less aggressive pricing -- a more attractive pricing environment for contractors? Or are those sort of one-offs that we should not pay attention to?
James F. O'Neil: No, I think it's the former. I think it's the tightening capacity in the industry and pricing is firming up.
James H. Haddox: I thought also. We've had a couple of questions -- this is James. We've had a couple of questions about the seasonality or linearity in our forecast. And I thought I'd clarify that. We -- by our expansion of our services into Canada, although it's somewhat counterintuitive, I think this year, that's going to flatten some of the typical seasonality that you've seen in our business because the weather in Canada was normal this year, so it froze when it was supposed to, unlike last year, and created the ability for us to work in tundra and in environments that you have to work in, in frozen conditions. So we are now working in Canada and seasons -- in the season that's typically a slow season if we're just in the U.S. So I think you're going to see in our forecast, when you guys start to try to do your quarterly models, you're going to see, we have a flattening of the differentials between, say, the first quarter and second quarter and third quarter because of that effect. We did have some weather effect on the pipeline division because of rain on a couple of jobs that we had in the first quarter. So you can see that in the margins. And then, the fourth quarter, when you start to model it out based on our guidance, the fourth quarter is probably going to be somewhat lower than you're accustomed to, related to the other quarters, but that's because of the fact that it's an election year and the weather is unpredictable when you get into the fourth quarter. If it doesn't freeze in Canada when we think it's going to, or if we have adverse weather in the fourth quarter in the U.S. that affects our productivity, the fourth quarter could be lower than you expect it to be. So that's why some of you seem to be or may be having problems with modeling the quarters compared to our typical seasonality. I just thought I would try to clarify that for you guys. Do we have any other caller?
Operator: And we do have one final question, it does come from the line of Will Gabrielski with Lazard Capital Markets.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I'm just wondering if you guys could talk maybe about your balance sheet and then capital allocation from here and any plans to maybe do some more repurchases?
James H. Haddox: At the present time, we don't have any approvals from our board to do any repurchases. Right now, as you can see from our balance sheet, between the end of the year and the end of the first quarter and continuing on into the second quarter, we're using our capital exactly like we've been saying we would use it, which is to help support working capital requirements of all of the large projects and increases in backlog that we see. So that's coming to fruition as we've been saying for the last couple of years. We're also using it for capital expenditures. We are seeing the normal amount of acquisition activity that we've seen in the past. As we said, we completed one since the end of the second quarter. And then as we get through the year and see how our cash flow looks and the need for capital on all the items I just mentioned, then we'll start looking at other uses of capital, such as share repurchases and down the list, a dividend possibly. But at this point in time, there's no plan for share repurchase or dividend on our agenda.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: All right. You just had a lot of pressure on the board to pay a dividend on your way out, I guess?
James H. Haddox: I didn't think I did. That was a mistake if I did that.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing comments.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank you all for participating on our first quarter 2012 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude the conference for today, and we do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp - Founder and Managing Partner James O'Neil -  James Haddox - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Shawn E. Lockman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Andrew Wittmann John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Morris Ajzenman - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, February 22, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Kip Rupp. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thanks, Jackie, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review fourth quarter and full year 2001 (sic) [2011] results.  Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information e-mailed to you when they occur, please sign up for the e-mail information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of the Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com.  A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day. That can be accessed as set forth in the press release.  Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 22, 2012, and therefore, you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay on this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts.  Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements. Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010; its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov. Before I turn the call over to management, I wanted to remind the institutional investors and sell-side analysts on this call that we're hosting the Quanta Services 2012 Investor Day in New York City on March 7. Attendance of this event is limited to the institutional investment community. If you're an institutional investor or sell-side analyst and would like to attend our Investor Day, please contact me for registration information. For those that can't attend the meeting in person, we will be webcasting the event and will also be -- have archived audio and other material available after the event on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James O'Neil: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning the call over to James Haddox, Quanta's CFO, to provide a detailed review of our fourth quarter and full year financial results. Following James' comments, we will welcome your questions. Our fourth quarter results are reflective of strong execution by our operations. Our revenues grew 37% compared to the fourth quarter of 2010, and our GAAP and non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 100% and 78%, respectively, over the same period last year. The overall momentum in our business, particularly the number of electric transmission projects in construction, drove revenues higher in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. As a result, we experienced sequential revenue growth of 21% and growth in GAAP and non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share of 28% and 41%, respectively, versus the third quarter of 2011. Here's some additional financial data to put our comments about the momentum in our business into context. Revenues in the last 6 months of 2011 increased almost 49% over revenues from the first 6 months of 2011, and operating income increased more than fivefold when comparing the same periods. Further, revenues for the last 6 months of 2011 increased approximately 20% over revenues for the last 6 months of 2010, and operating income increased about 25% for the same period comparison. Our strong fourth quarter and second half of 2011 results support our optimism for continued profitable growth in 2012. For the full year of 2011, revenues increased approximately 18% despite project delays across all of our operating segments in the first half of the year, caused mainly by heightened regulatory environment. The primary driver of our 2011 revenue growth came from our Electric Power and telecommunications segments, which increased revenues year-over-year by approximately 48% and 23%, respectively. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment had a challenging year from both a revenue and profit perspective. But as I will discuss later in my comments, there are indications that 2012 should be a better year than 2011 for this segment. Both our 12-month and total backlog at year end were at record levels. Our 12-month backlog at the end of 2011 increased about 24%, and total backlog increased approximately 15% compared to backlog at year-end 2010. Turning to our Electric Power segment. 12-month backlog at the end of 2011 for the Electric Power segment increased nearly 32%, and total backlog for this segment increased nearly 11% compared to the end of 2010. We believe we are still in the early stages of a multiyear transmission build out in the United States and Canada and expect our Electric Power segment backlog to remain strong throughout 2012 and beyond. The large electric transmission projects that we have in progress continued to proceed as expected without meaningful delays. I would like to take a moment to highlight a few of the large transmission projects we have for additional color. The Sunrise Powerlink project for San Diego Gas & Electric, our CREZ project for Lone Star Transmission and the Bruce to Milton line for Hydro One should all be completed around the middle of this year. However, our CREZ work for ETP and Sharyland, BC Hydro's Northwest Transmission Line and the Devers-Palo Verde 2 line for Southern Cal Edison will all be ramping into construction about the same time. I would point out that we expect the timing of large transmission project awards to be lumpy going forward. Therefore, we recommend that investors focus on new award activity over a longer term rather than on a quarterly basis. As we highlighted in our third quarter 2011 earnings call, the smaller transmission market remains very active. And due to the significant increase in overall transmission spending and activity, we're seeing pricing on smaller transmission projects improve as industry construction resources approach capacity. I would like to recognize our employees' dedication to safely executing projects during a period of significant ramp-up in transmission project activity. Our employee count at the end of 2011 was approximately 17,500 or a 28% increase over the same period last year, primarily driven by the increase in our electric transmission operations. In 2011, our electric distribution business experienced modest recovery for the first time since 2008. In addition, we recently executed a 3-year extension to our electric distribution system outsourcing agreement with Puget Sound Energy. We are cautiously optimistic that our distribution revenues will be flat to slightly up in 2012. Due to the delays on several solar project awards in 2011, our renewable revenues for the full year were $219 million, a decrease of 30% over 2010. We believe the delays were caused in large part by developers waiting for solar panel prices to settle at lower price levels. However, we are seeing a good pipeline of solar engineer, procure and construct, or EPC opportunities, moving forward in 2012 and 2013.  The wind market was also significantly impacted in 2011 because of low natural gas prices and project financing challenges. However, we are seeing signs that the market for wind power generation is recovering. Overall, we expect double-digit revenue growth in our renewable segment in 2012 versus 2011, driven mostly by solar EPC opportunities. Note that we expect the timing of solar project awards could be less predictable due to the regulatory environment, availability of project financing and other factors.  We entered the fourth quarter of 2011 with about $250 million in pipeline projects that we're moving into construction, giving us a reason to be optimistic about our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment. During the fourth quarter, we began working on several pipeline projects in various shales in the United States and a pipeline project in Canada. One of our projects in the Marcellus experienced challenges due to excessive rain that impacted production. We also experienced reduced profitability on a few Marcellus projects due to a 10-day union labor strike that negatively impacted the production on those projects. The short-lived strike occurred due to a dispute over pension plan obligations between the International Brotherhood of Teamsters labor union and the Pipe Line Contractors Association, of which certain Quanta operating units are members. The parties are currently in the process of negotiating a collective bargaining agreement. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment 12-month and total backlog at the end of 2011 increased about 3% and approximately 31%, respectively, as compared to the end of 2010. 2011 was a very challenging year for our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment, but we are encouraged by what we see so far in 2012 and believe our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment is better positioned today for profitable growth than it was at this time last year. Since the end of 2011, we have been awarded an additional $200 million of pipeline projects to date and are currently bidding or negotiating approximately $2 billion of additional pipeline projects, which we expect to be awarded to contractors this year. As a result of our efforts to diversify our transmission pipeline service offering, of the pipeline projects that we have been awarded in the fourth quarter of 2011 and to date in 2012, more than half of these projects are shale gathering system projects. This compares to having no shale gathering system projects in hand at this time last year. In addition to seeing projects materialize in the backlog, we are also seeing projects expected to move into construction earlier this year than what we traditionally see. Both are positive signs. Our telecommunications segment continues to experience momentum and improved financial performance, which we believe will continue through 2012. 12-month backlog for this segment increased about 47% at the end of 2011 as compared to the end of 2010. The increase in revenues, margins and 12-month backlog for this segment was driven by increases in the engineering and start-up of broad-based stimulus projects, fiber-to-cell site projects and wireless-related work. We continue to see opportunities from wireless and fiber-to-cell site initiatives, driven by strong wireless data growth, efforts to improve 3G wireless networks and from 4G and LTE wireless network upgrades and deployments. Further, we are in late-stage discussions with several wireline companies for master service agreements that should generate additional recurring revenue from our Telecom segment going forward. We anticipate this segment's revenues will continue to grow at double-digit rates, with attractive margins through this year. For our Fiber Optic Licensing segment, 12-month backlog increased about 4% at the end of 2011 as compared to the end of 2010. We continue to build out our networks and believe that the increase in sales activity we experienced in 2011 will continue in 2012, setting the stage for a pickup in revenue growth in the latter part of this year and into 2013. In our earnings release this morning, we provided our financial expectations for the first quarter and full year of 2012. James will review that detail in his comments, but I wanted to provide some additional color as to our approach in developing our expectation. One difficulty in forecasting our final -- financial expectations is that we have been and are operating in a very challenging environment due to the economic uncertainty and, in particular, tougher permitting requirements, heightened environmental sensitivities, new regulations and the inconsistent interpretation of existing regulations. These factors are outside of our control, and they impacted the timing of project awards and project starts for us last year. Considering our experience in the first half of 2011, we continue to implement a financial forecasting approach that strives to properly align ongoing regulatory and economic uncertainties in our business, with the backlog we are executing on and the opportunities we expect to materialize in 2012. In summary, we continue to see positive trends across all of our operating segments as we move through the first quarter of 2012. We believe we are better positioned, and indications are improved operating environment in our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment should produce better results for this segment in 2012 versus 2011. We have record levels of backlog and expect meaningful increases in projects ramping up across all of our segments throughout 2012. With that, I would like to turn the call over to James.
James Haddox: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.51 billion for the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to $1.11 billion in the prior year's fourth quarter, reflecting growth of 36.8% quarter-over-quarter.  Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $66.3 million or $0.32 per diluted share. Included in net income attributable to common stock for the fourth quarter of 2011 is a $32.6-million charge to cost of services, or $20.4 million net of tax, related to a pension plan withdrawal liability. Also included in net income attributable to common stock for the fourth quarter of 2011 is $10.7 million of income from the release of income tax contingencies and settlements of certain tax audit. The net impact of these 2 items to the fourth quarter of 2011 resulted in a $0.04 reduction in diluted earnings per share. The growth in consolidated revenues in 4Q '11 was driven by strong growth in the Electric Power and Telecom Infrastructure Services segments, partially offset by a decrease in revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment. Contributing to our increased revenues in the fourth quarter of 2011 was the incremental contribution of approximately $52 million in revenues in the quarter from companies acquired since the beginning of 4Q 2010. Excluding revenues from these acquisitions, consolidated revenues would have grown 32% quarter-over-quarter. Our consolidated gross margin decreased from 14.4% in 4Q '10 to 13.3% in 4Q '11. This decrease was due to the impact of the previously mentioned $32.6-million pretax charge for the pension plan withdrawal liability, which affected the Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment. Consolidated gross margins without the effects of this charge were 15.4%, an increase of 100 basis points over 4Q of '10. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $5 million in the 2011 fourth quarter to $99.5 million as compared to last year's fourth quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to $8 million in higher salary and benefits costs associated with the increased levels of activity, as well as $4.8 million in additional administrative expenses associated with companies acquired since October 1, 2010. These increases are partially offset by $7.4 million in lower acquisition costs. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and admin expenses decreased from 8.5% in the fourth quarter of 2010 to 6.6% in the fourth quarter of 2011, primarily due to the higher overall revenues as previously discussed. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense increased from 5.9% in 4Q '10 to 6.7% in 4Q '11. Excluding the pension plan withdrawal charge, operating margin before amortization expense would have been 8.9% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Drilling further down into the details of our results by segment, the Electric Power segment's revenues were up about $378 million quarter-over-quarter or approximately 63%. Revenues were positively impacted by higher revenues from Electric Power transmission services resulting from an increase in the number and size of projects that were ongoing in Q4 '11 compared to Q4 '10. Also contributing to this increase was the incremental contribution of $46 million in revenues from acquired companies and $29 million in higher emergency restoration services resulting from early winter storm weather in the Northeast. Excluding revenues from the acquisitions completed since the beginning of 4Q '10, the Electric Power segment's revenues would have grown approximately 56% quarter-over-quarter. Operating margin in the Electric Power segment was 13.4% in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to 9.8% in last year's fourth quarter, primarily due to higher overall revenues, which resulted from an increase in services on higher-margin transmission projects, as well as from the increases in higher-margin emergency restoration services. Additionally, these increased revenues contributed to this segment's ability to cover fixed and overhead costs. Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues decreased quarter-over-quarter by 5.1% to $379 million in 4Q '11, due to a decrease in the number and size of transmission pipeline projects, primarily as a result of delays in spending by our customers. These decreases were partially offset by increases in revenues from natural gas distribution services, due to the Puget Sound Energy distribution work, which we started in the second quarter of 2011, as well as increased spending by certain of our customers.  Operating income in the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment as a percentage of revenues decreased to negative 9.6% for 4Q '11 from a positive 5.5% for 4Q '10. This decrease was primarily due to the $32.6-million charge to this segment's operating results in the fourth quarter of 2011, associated with a pension plan withdrawal liability. Excluding this expense, operating margins for natural gas would have been a negative 0.1% in 4Q '11. The recognition of the pension plan withdrawal liability in the fourth quarter of 2011 resulted from the withdrawal from the Central States Plan by certain of our subsidiaries, following an amendment to a collective bargaining agreement with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters that eliminated our obligation to contribute to the Central States Plan. The Central States Plan's obligations for vested benefits are significantly underfunded, and Quanta believes that withdrawal from the Central States Plan was advantageous because it limited Quanta's exposure to increased liabilities from a future withdrawal if the funding status of the Central States Plan deteriorates further and additional plan participants withdraw from the plan. Also contributing to the decrease in margins quarter-over-quarter was the impact of increased project costs related to performance issues caused by adverse weather conditions. As Jim mentioned, we also experienced reduced profitability on certain shale-related projects due to a Teamsters union labor strike that negatively impacted the production on those projects. The effect of the strike reduced profitability of those projects in the fourth quarter and will carry a reduced profitability assumption in 2012 for the remainder of the affected projects, due to percentage-of-completion accounting requirements.  Revenues from our telecommunications segment increased $47.4 million or 57% to $130.8 million in 4Q '11, primarily due to an increase in the volume of work associated with stimulus-funded fiber optic construction projects and higher revenues from "fiber to the cell" site initiatives resulting from higher capital spending by our customers. Operating margin in the telecommunications segment was 11.9% in 4Q '11 compared to 2.8% in 4Q '10. This increase in margin is primarily due to increased demand for our services allowing for margin expansion, as well as the impact of revenue increases on this segment's ability to cover fixed costs.  Fiber Optic Licensing segment revenues were $29.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2011, reflecting an increase of 5.6% over 4Q '10. Operating margin was 49.9% in 4Q '11 compared to operating margins of 48.0% in 4Q '10. When calculating operating margins by segment, we don't allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effects of such expenses. Corporate and unallocated costs decreased $9.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010, primarily due to lower acquisition and integration costs of $7.4 million and lower amortization expense of intangible assets of $1.7 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, as calculated in today's press release, was $0.41 for the fourth quarter of 2011 or a 78% increase when compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.23 for 4Q '10. Our year-to-date negative free cash flow position as of 9/30/11 turned around to positive free cash flow in the fourth quarter of '11, despite revenue in the fourth quarter being $262 million higher than in the third quarter of '11. Cash flow from operations of $126 million, less net capital expenditures of about $39 million, resulted in approximately $87 million in free cash flow for the quarter. For the full year of 2011, cash flow from operations of $218 million, less net capital expenditures of about $162 million, resulted in approximately $56 million in free cash flow despite revenue growth of 37% in the fourth quarter. EBITA for the fourth quarter of 2011 was $96.8 million or 6.4% of revenues, compared to approximately $64.3 million or 5.8% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2010. Adjusted EBITDA was approximately $165 million or 11% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to $105 million or 9.5% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2010. For the 12 months ended 2011, adjusted EBITDA was $407.1 million or 8.8% of revenues, compared to $434.2 million or 11% of revenues for 2010. Our days sales outstanding or DSOs were 68 days at December 31, 2011, versus 75 days at September 30, '11, and 68 days at December 31, 2010. And the calculation of EBITA and the EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and DSOs can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. At December 31, 2011, we had $191.4 million in letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program, and had no other borrowings. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we have $350 million in cash. Considering our cash on hand and availability under our credit facility, we have nearly $824 million in total liquidity as of December 31. We closed one Electric Power acquisition during the fourth quarter for a purchase price of approximately $35 million, comprised of $25.3 million in cash and $9.7 million in Quanta stock. Concerning our outlook for 2012, we expect revenues for the first quarter of 2012 to range between $1.25 billion and $1.35 billion, and diluted earnings per share to be $0.14 to $0.16 on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to revenue of $849 million and a loss of $0.08 in GAAP EPS in the first quarter of '11. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 1Q '12 includes an estimate of $6.1 million for noncash compensation expenses and $9.2 million for amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter is expected to be $0.19 to $0.21 and compares to non-GAAP adjusted diluted loss per share of $0.05 in the first quarter of '11. This non-GAAP measure is calculated on the same basis as the historical calculations of adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in the press release. On an annual basis, we expect revenues for 2012 to range between $4.9 billion and $5.3 billion and diluted earnings per share to be $0.90 to $1.10 on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to revenues of $4.6 billion and $0.62 in GAAP EPS in 2011. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2012 includes an estimate of $25 million for noncash compensation expenses and $34 million of amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for 2012 are expected to be $1.08 to $1.28. We're currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interest to be approximately $3 million in the first quarter of 2012 and $16.4 million for the year. For additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 37% for 2012, and we expect our diluted share count to be about 211 million shares for 2012. We expect CapEx for all of 2012 to be approximately $190 million to $225 million, which includes CapEx for our fiber licensing segment of about $40 million to $50 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2011 of $172 million. Looking back at 2011, the first half of the year was challenging due to abnormal weather patterns and project delays across all of our operating segments as a result of a significantly more difficult regulatory environment. Despite project delays during the first 6 months of 2011, we continued to win work, which drove our backlog to record levels at the end of each quarter throughout 2011. The delayed projects in all of our operating segments began moving into construction in the second half of the year, which resulted in significant revenue growth, better margins and strong earnings growth relative to the first half of the year. We also had several financially oriented accomplishments in 2011. We announced a $100-million stock repurchase program in May, increased the authorization level by an additional $50 million in June and completed the $150-million stock repurchase program in August. In total, we repurchased about 8.1 million shares at an average price of $18.39. In August, we amended and expanded our credit facility from $475 million to $700 million and extended the maturity date to August 2016. We leveraged our balance sheet strength over the course of the year to win work and provided significant working capital to our operations to fund the simultaneous ramp-up of a number of large projects. And we funded an investment in the pipeline company in the Eagle Ford Shale and the acquisition of 5 companies in 2011 that strategically expanded our geographic presence and provided us with unique technologies to further differentiate our service offerings from the competition. As Jim commented, we entered 2012 with quite a bit of momentum in our business. We believe that we're operationally and financially well-positioned for solid growth in 2012 and beyond. This concludes my prepared remarks, and we're now happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Will Gabrielski with Lazard Capital Markets.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So I have 2 questions. The first is, on the projects you have winding down this year, then you're replacing that work in transmission with a few projects that are ramping up, can you talk about how your visibility is on the ramp-up and mobilization for those projects compared to what we saw last year when there were some challenges?
James O'Neil: Yes, Will. We don't see any challenges with those projects. They for the most part have gone through the permitting process. And they're not in poor service lands. So we don't expect any issues. Certainly in Texas, in the CREZ project, they should go forward. The Devers project should go forward without any issue and so should the Northwest Transmission Line. So we don't anticipate any delays.
Will Gabrielski - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as a follow-up, I'm just curious. If you can give a little more detail now that the shale work, the gathering work is increasing as a percentage of your pipeline business, what the average length of project is there, the type of visibility you have, margin and risk, and how that could impact the gas business over the next few years.
James O'Neil: Yes. The projects are smaller diameter pipes, smaller distances. They typically can -- the range can vary from $8-million, $10-million project to a $40-million, $50-million project. But it's recurring work. There's a significant amount of activity for several customers. It's almost like an MSA-type work. We've got a lot better visibility in that work than we do in the big pipe business. But there's a significant amount of gathering systems that need to be built, specifically in the shale areas that have a liquid component. We're very active in the Marcellus right now. The margin profile is very similar to what we see on the big pipework, and the visibility is a lot better.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Beach with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: My questions are -- revolve around the pipeline operations. First, the fourth quarter profitability, you were hit by weather and a strike, but it still looks like disappointing profitability in the fourth quarter on what looked to be reasonably good revenues. Can you just expand, maybe talk about profitability without the onetime items and a little bit more about profitability going into 2012 in this business?
James O'Neil: Yes, Jeff. And I would add to that, there were some regulatory delays, too, that affect the business, which continues to hamper that segment throughout the year. I mean, we've had $1.8 billion worth of projects that I think probably less than half -- actually, more than half have been canceled or delayed. So -- but I think we would have been pretty close to what we forecasted for that segment. The 10-day strike that we had certainly impacted us a couple of pennies, and the weather issues as well. We -- and the regulatory delays impact us as far as trying to efficiently mobilize people and equipment. So for that segment, we should have -- without those issues, we would have been close to our forecast for that segment for the quarter. Going forward, we're very excited. I mean, we certainly -- first quarter is typically not a busy time for -- typically from a seasonal standpoint, this segment is typically very -- not very active, would typically ramp up in the second and third quarter. We've got a lot of activity in the first quarter right now. Certainly, there's some weather risks because of that. It's typically why pipeliners don't build in the first quarter. But we think that going into this year, we've got great visibility. We've got a good book of business to get us into the first part of the year. We're seeing some opportunities this year that we believe will convert into construction opportunities. And we certainly feel like we'll have a very profitable year in our pipeline segment this year. But we've got the regulatory issues. We've got to keep in mind, that hasn't eased at all. So we've got to take in account that the regulatory environment is still very onerous in that segment.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: If you were able to exclude, kind of take out the large pipeline projects in 2011, can you put kind of a range around the growth of everything else, all the shale work, the smaller pipelines, the pipeline inspection, the gas distribution? Can you give us an idea how much that underlying business is growing?
James O'Neil: Well, why don't I put it in context of what we're going to do in '12? I mean, going into '12, backlog in that segment at the end of '11 was about $768 million. We've added about $200 million of work into backlog since then. We've had some burn. But I would say that more than half of that backlog is associated with shale gathering work and the collections system work in these shales, particularly the Marcellus and the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. So a significant part of our backlog has transitioned to shale work going into 2012.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And last question, on your -- I don't know if it's described -- joint venture with Howard Energy, can you give us an update on what's happening there?
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, that project continues to -- that pipeline is continuing to perform nicely. James could probably give you some updates on that. But I'll talk to you about the construction synergy opportunities first. We're still in the very early stages, the top of the first inning in developing Eagle Ford collection system infrastructure or in building infrastructure. And we feel that if that relationship is going to bring us some pull-through value -- it already has to some degree. We've had some smaller engineering opportunities and construction opportunities there because of that relationship. And we believe that we'll be able to build on that over the next few years because we've got that presence with Howard Energy in the Eagle Ford. So it's still early. But I expect some opportunities because of that investment due to come, to see evidence of as we move forward and develop -- as that field develops.
James Haddox: Yes, Jeff. I mean, there's -- there continues to be significant drilling activity in the Eagle Ford, which results into opportunities for Howard Energy both on the development of additional pipelines and on the construction side. Howard Energy is actually made up of a small construction company and a pipeline system. So they're seeing opportunities. Both of them were performing -- the construction company is performing better than we expected it to, and the pipeline company is performing about where we expected it to. But there's still significant activity going on in the Eagle Ford, which gives them opportunities for construction and pipeline development.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Mannes from Avondale Partners.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Two quick questions. First, on the electric segment, as far as we can tell, this is probably the best margin you put up in any single quarter, along with the best revenue. When you think about the margin contribution, was there anything materially different about this quarter aside from just a higher utilization? I mean, was there any weather benefit, whether from storm work or alternatively from pull-forward work because of fairly benign weather? Anything else we should think about in terms of sustainability?
James Haddox: Yes, Dan. There weren't any -- I mean, if you're asking if there were any closeout -- big profits booked on closeouts of jobs, no, we didn't see anything like that. We did get some benefit, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, about increased weather -- I mean, increased storm activity, increased emergency restoration services. It was about $29 million over the prior year. It was $45 million in total. So you do get some boost from that. But it's not a real significant number. It was just improving margins basically on the ramp-up of some of these jobs. I mean, you're going to see some quarterly variances just based on seasonality, but sustainability should be fine in that segment.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then real quick on another topic on the fiber business. It looked like the rate of growth in revenue and in backlog was a little bit lower in '11 than where we've seen. Anything changing there in terms of your strategy? Or I don't know, if there's been any change in terms of the universal service line and the E-rate program that might be slowing that?
James Haddox: No, actually, we think you will see a pickup in that. I mean, we -- this year, in 2011, we spent probably -- I think somewhere between $17 million and $20 million in capital on that. And that was because of the slowdown, predominantly in California, with budgetary constraints by the school districts. So we only spent $17 million this year. But their sales season doesn't really -- is ramping up about right now. So you don't see it flow through their backlog numbers or anything else at year end because their sales season is still underway. But we are projecting that we're going to spend $40 million to $50 million next year. So that shows you that, that business is recovering.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Can you give us a little bit more color on the strike on the United Steelworkers union? I mean, is it going have any other effects in any other projects going forward as this continues with the bargaining with the union?
James O'Neil: Well, we are in negotiations -- or the PLCA, which is the Pipe Line Contractors Association, in which Quanta -- certain Quanta entities as well as 70 other pipeline contractors are members of, is currently in negotiation on a new agreement. From what I understand, those negotiations are going well, and I don't expect to see any other strike impacts on our work going forward.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: So we shouldn't expect to hear of any additional charges in the first half of '12?
James O'Neil: Because the strike occurred in January -- many of the jobs that we're on occurred from December into January. You will have some impact of the strike in the first quarter performance. But that's already baked into our guidance.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then going to the pipeline segment, you called out that pricing there starting to -- on the smaller scale, just as strong as the larger, which I find quite surprising but also very solid for you guys. What does the large scale pipes and the channel there look like currently?
James O'Neil: The large scale pipeline opportunities, we see those opportunities there. The regulatory environment is much more difficult. So it's hard for us to forecast when those projects will be awarded to a contractor and moved to construction. The shale work is more predictable. It's more recurring. The margin profile is similar because the projects that we're working on -- that we work on are large -- larger scale projects in those shales are very difficult to negotiate. They're in very difficult terrain, or in very populated areas where they use contractors like Quanta to do the work. And that certainly commands margins that are very similar to the big pipe work.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Obviously, great work on the electric transmission side. I would love to know about some of the prospects there. I know they're going to be lumpy. But if you can talk about what you see in Canada, which seems to be a fairly exciting market, any update there? And then number two, in terms of the pipeline prospects, there's a bit of skittishness in the market on account of natural gas rigs in the shale plays, et cetera, on the traditional dry side really coming down. So any comfort you can provide in terms of your prospects being more oriented towards liquids plays and oil plays will be helpful.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I'll address the gas question first. You are seeing some of the developers curtailing operations in the dry gas fields, but on the contrary, we're seeing significant opportunities where assets are being moved to these areas of liquid-rich plays. We have customers that are behind on their capital programs. They've got significant amount of infrastructure that they need to build. So we're very comfortable that these liquid-rich plays will continue to be very active through 2012 and beyond. There's just a significant amount of infrastructure that needs to be built despite the low natural gas prices. I mean, for instance, in the Eagle Ford, it costs $0 to produce gas because the oil production covers the capital cost for all of the development and infrastructure that needs to be built. On the transmission side, gee, there's a significant amount of projects out there. Certainly, Canada is a very active area for us. You've got CapX2020, the rest of that. You've got Gateway. You've got some more projects in California. The Northeast still is in the very early stages of building out infrastructure. Midwest with ATC and ITC. You've just got a significant amount of activity, and we continue to think that backlog will be strong. Going into this year, we will have additional awards. But the permitting and regulatory process continues to be a concern, and we don't have that visibility on how that will impact awards for the end of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ahmar Zaman with Piper Jaffray.
Shawn E. Lockman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: This is Shawn for Ahmar. Could you come back to your comments you made on the solar business? If you could just provide some visibility to what you're seeing this year in terms of -- the U.S. market is supposed to be -- have a very strong year in terms of solar installs. And if you could just give us some idea of what you're seeing there in terms of opportunity and increased activity for Quanta.
James O'Neil: Yes. And we had a hard time understanding, but I think the question is giving some color on the solar market in 2012. A lot of the opportunities that we're seeing in '12 and '13 are from developers taking advantage of the 1603 Cash Grant. And we're hopeful or very -- there's some promising opportunities for us that we believe will come to fruition soon to fill out our backlog for 2012 and '13. But that's what's driving the business that we see. I think over the long term, we don't have the visibility. But I think as we've always said, that the RPS standards in the states, the 30 states that have the mandatory RPS standards, at the end of the day, that's going to drive activity regardless of what government subsidies that we -- that developers receive. So certainly in '12 and '13, we see a very active year, largely driven by the expiration of the 1603 Cash Grant and developers taking advantage of that opportunity.
Shawn E. Lockman - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Great. And if I could just ask one more renewable energy-related question. On the -- in terms of -- I guess on your transmission business or your electricity business, any visibility out there that you guys -- or any impact on the business right now in terms of just smart grid-related installs, what you guys are seeing just on smart grid side? Or is it mostly just on transmission that you're seeing everything? Anything smart grid-related that is a good opportunity out there for you guys?
James O'Neil: I mean, smart grid continues to progress within our company. We're doing mostly distribution installations for smart grid. The CenterPoint program is the poster child of our smart grid implementation that we're doing now with IBM and Itron, where we're installing 2.2 million meters. We are continuing with smart grid programs in the Midwest and in Florida and in some of the smaller munis and co-ops. So that continues. It's not a meaningful part of what we do, but we are seeing still robust activity largely on distribution systems, not on transmission systems.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So sticking with the gas business for a second, could you just provide a little bit of detail on the margin profile for the business? I know that you've mentioned that the small diameter work is -- or the gathering systems are comparable to some of the large diameter work that you're doing. And so I'm wondering, what's it going to take to get back to, let's say, normalized margins of mid to upper single digits in that business?
James O'Neil: We need the regulatory environment to improve first and foremost so that our customers can plan, work and move projects to construction in a predictable manner. And we can participate in that on the construction side. But let me get back, the margin profiles are higher on these smaller projects, too, because our margins are driven by the type of contract more than the type of work. So these smaller projects are firm, fixed-price bids, and they have risks associated with them, and so we are able to command higher margins in that business. And it's on the higher end of the scale of margins. It's probably in that 18% to 20% gross margin range. But what we need is the regulatory environment to improve, and we need to see more activity, more work to keep the people and equipment busy. And certainly, the shale activity that we're pursuing will give us a more recurring revenue stream, we hope, going into 2012 and beyond.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful commentary. And then just one follow-up question. On the transmission side of your business, you said that pricing was improving. I think you had mentioned earlier as well that you felt that margins could be sustained. So just to be clear, 2012, you would expect then margin improvement -- it should be pretty material improvement in that business versus 2011 just based on the trends that you're seeing.
James O'Neil: Yes. I mean, it's based off the trends we're seeing in the second half of this year. Now you have to take in account again the regulatory environment and the normal seasonality of the first quarter. But because we have better utilization of our people and equipment, we should be able to sustain those margins going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Question regarding the permitting environment. It sounds, Jim, in listening to you talk about the permitting environment -- I don't know if it's as bad as it's been; it just hasn't gotten better. We were sensing that visibility was improving around timing in the back half of last year. Now we're hearing that it doesn't seem to be. I'm wondering if you can provide a little bit more color on the permitting environment and maybe whether there's a difference in terms of the impact on your transmission business as opposed to the pipeline business, and whether there's any expectation or thought that things could get better this year, or whether it's just a wait-and-see.
James O'Neil: Well, that's a good question. The point we're trying to make and the reason why the environment's improved in the third and fourth quarters, because the projects that were facing those challenges, those regulatory challenges, moved through that process and moved to construction. But almost every one of the projects in the third and fourth quarter that we were working on were delayed. They should have started earlier in the year or the prior year. So any new awards that we receive may quite possibly face the same challenges. And so it's the new awards that we'll receive. And it's many projects, particularly that's in Forest Service lands or BLM lands, that are going to probably experience some delays. So that's why we're saying that we expect this to be a very active year in awards. But whether those projects move into construction in 2012 or not, we don't have that visibility. And that's what hurt us last year when we were trying to provide guidance, that exact thing. Because our customers told us projects were going to start, we put them in our forecast, and it didn't happen because of things beyond their control and our control, which is the regulatory process.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And that comment is relevant to both the pipeline and the transmission?
James O'Neil: Absolutely, absolutely. We had $1.8 billion worth of projects that we were shortlisted on or exclusively negotiating, not including Keystone. And almost -- over half of those were delayed or canceled last year. And we practically won $200 million, $250 million of that, and the other $500 million, $600 million went to competitors. And you look at every transmission project we're on, from Tehachapi to Sunrise to Greater Springfield to -- even CREZ had some delays. And we don't -- that landscape hasn't changed. So it's the new awards. And the reason it seems like it's better right now is because we had projects finally move through that bottleneck and move to construction. So that's the point. So any future awards are subject to being delayed. That's the way we're approaching it.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And that expectation is -- a more conservative expectation on timing is assumed within guidance.
James O'Neil: Well, I don't like to use the word "conservative." I'm just trying to say, we're guiding to what the environment that we experienced in 2011. We're guiding to that -- that overall environment is what we're guiding to.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. You're not assuming any improvement...
James O'Neil: And if projects get awarded this year and they do move to construction like in a normal year before this administration or what we experienced 5 years ago, then it would probably be additive to guidance. But we want to see how that works out, how that plays out. We don't have that visibility. We have visibility into the first half of this year but not second half.
Scott J. Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And then one follow-up, if I may, and sorry if this was asked before. The strike-related charge, the impact associated with the cost percentage-of-completion accounting, did you quantify what the impact was in the first quarter of '12? Or would you be willing to?
James O'Neil: No, not at this time. It's too early to do that. I would just say we baked it into guidance, and leave it at that for now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: First question here is on the guidance. I'm having a hard time getting to the low end of guidance, to $0.90. Can you kind of explain what will be the scenario that would produce that type of result?
James O'Neil: A year in the pipeline segment or more specifically in the large diameter pipework, which it would include the shales, that would give us a break-even year. The pipeline is pretty much a range. Last year, we talked about the range being when these big transmission projects occurred, because we were going through the regulatory process. This year, it's the regulatory process around pipeline. I'm not talking about necessarily performance. I'm talking about delays. Of course, we have to perform, but it's delays and what we expect to come down the pipeline this year, no pun intended, but the regulatory environment could delay that. And that would give us a $0.90 scenario.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, this is kind of a good follow-up to that. But, Jim, on your long-haul pipeline equipment, what's your near-term strategy for what to do with that equipment?
James O'Neil: Well, you have to remember that there's a significant rental or lease model in -- where 40% to 50% of that equipment, of the non-core equipment, the common equipment that's used, dozers for instance, can be returned. So we've got the capability to do non-spreads, but you've got that rental model. And then there is some of our equipment that is -- that can be used in the smaller shales or in the shale work on that smaller pipework. It's just the specific equipment designed around 20-inch and larger pipe that's on the sidelines. And certainly, we need that capability. It's strategic, and we do see some big pipework coming down the pipeline, if it can get permitted. Then we'll need that equipment and that will be very profitable work for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Jim, how disappointed are you at the performance of the pipeline business in the fourth quarter?
James O'Neil: Well, that's kind of a loaded question. Sure, certainly, I'm disappointed because we didn't hit the forecast. But we -- because of the regulatory delays that we experienced, we saw an anomaly this year where we had an increasing activity in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter, which would typically be a low year for any pipeline operation, because they don't want to risk the weather and the weather elements. And we have weather elements in the Marcellus in the Northeast. And I think we've done very well performing in the environment that we're under. The strike certainly was disappointing, but I'm very -- I think I would like to characterize it as I'm more excited about the outlook for pipeline. We had one bad year in pipeline. We had a great year in 2010, made $100 million in operating income or thereabouts. And we can return this group to profitability in 2012. I'm confident that we can, especially since we've repositioned our presence in the shale formations. The second and third quarter is where you really start getting some really good margins in that business. And I think you've got to look at pipeline on a full year basis in '12. And, yes, I'm disappointed in the fourth quarter. But I'm more optimistic about what we see in '12 for pipeline.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: You mentioned earlier that you've seen some improved pricing or profitability on smaller transition transmission projects, and I recognize that it's the different type of contract, like you said. But are you also seeing improved pricing in larger transmission projects? And if not yet, at what point do you think it might kind of work up the ladder?
James O'Neil: Well, I think pricing improvement in big -- in the electric transmission market is going to be driven by what labor rates do going forward. I think that's going to be a big driver because if people come -- become scarce and we renegotiate agreements, it could be a factor.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then lastly, you mentioned something about a pending Telecom MSA. Can you give us a little bit more color on that? Is it in the wireline or wireless space? How sizable is it? Is it with a new customer or an existing customer?
James O'Neil: They are existing customers and it's wireline. What happens is, when, typically, you get this amount of activity going on -- the wireline carriers are very active right now -- they need assistance in managing -- program managing their capital programs. So we're doing more of that function for them. It's more deployment of capital over a larger footprint. And so they tend to outsource that to folks like Quanta to do that work. So there's opportunities with existing customers that are meaningful, that should occur here this year, early this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. Sorry to harp on the gas business again. But I guess, Jim or James, is there anything that we can do to restructure, rightsize, divest or potentially diversify the gas business to give us sort of more consistent margin or profitability? Just because, I mean, you can't really control the regulatory environment. So I guess I just get concerned that this will continue to be a drag. And then, James, I guess, how do you think about -- over what -- the long-term margin targets for Quanta, which have been in the 9% to 12% range, I guess, given the revenue base that we're going to be on in 2012, I would have hoped we would have been closer to that range. So what's the revenue number that you need to get to the 9% to 12% operating margin? Or what needs to happen to get to that margin target?
James O'Neil: Jamie, let me address it this way. The diversity of our service offerings is one of the core strengths of this company. Back in 2010, we didn't have a very good year in electric transmission. And the pipeline business was what carried this company, with $100 million in operating income. And, yes, we've had some regularity issues in pipeline, but we had the same regulatory issues in 2010 that pushed projects on the electric transmission side to where they are today. So I know we had a bad year in '11 in pipeline, but we're very bullish on the pipeline business...
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But I guess my problem is I never remember. Even with the difficulty and regulatory hurdles on Electric Power, you've never had losses. Or my recollection, I don't ever remember you -- the Electric Power division, even in the worst of times, putting up this type of performance.
James O'Neil: No, we didn't have losses like that, but I can tell you that price recovery to date has given us a great return from the date of acquisition. And we expect that it will return to profitability in '12 and beyond. It is a more cyclical business. It is -- does have less visibility. And I know that frustrates investors, but we're doing what we can to diversify that risk. That's why we're moving into the shale. So I think you're going to see a different profile this year. We've got $450 million in backlog already for this year in local shale work, which is at good margins. It's recurring revenue and there's more visibility there. So we are repositioning ourselves in that segment to be more profitable and have more recurring revenue over time.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just the last question on the longer-term margin targets. What needs to happen? Over what time period do you think you can get to the 9% to 12% targeted range?
James O'Neil: Yes. I mean, if we can get pipeline where it needs to be -- I mean, we're almost there. When you look at Telecom and electric and what they've done in the second half of this year, we're there. We need to get there in pipeline and we can. If we can get the regulatory environment to improve and we will reposition ourselves in these shales, we should be able to get there in pipeline as well.
James Haddox: In just normal years, Jamie, the pipeline business has created margins that would get us into that range. So we just need to have a good, normal year in pipeline to get there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Irwin with Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: First question I wanted to ask was about these multibillion-dollar pipeline integrity programs that are going in front of commissions right now. I think there is about 4 or 5 of them in front of the California Utility Commission (sic) [California Public Utilities Commission], and then there's others around the country. Can you talk a little bit about the potential opportunity in these programs for Quanta, given that you've worked with a number of these utilities over the years, and how we should look at this as a potential contribution, if there's anything in there in your guidance right now for '12?
James O'Neil: Craig, that's a huge opportunity for us over time. It's growing off a smaller base. It's probably less than 10% of the segment's revenues today, but I think that business can grow -- that segment of the business can grow at rates greater than any other segment because of the new things and requirements and so forth that are requiring more intrusive testing of the pipeline integrity. We just bought a pigging company. So now we are able to do our own internal assessment and provide data to the customer. I think we're the only full-service construction company that can now do pipeline, integrity and remediation and provide external and internal data to the customer on the integrity of that pipeline. So that's a huge opportunity for us. We're excited about it, and I think that is another area where we're going to further diversify the pipeline segment over time. That's recurring revenue and it's at good margins.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. Then the next question I had was on the regulatory environment. So Susquehanna-Roseland is the local line for me that, I guess, I have the most experience looking at from a regulatory standpoint. And there, we have an environmental impact report from parks that blatantly disregards the pre-existing easements, the pre-existing access roads, rights-of-way, and is myopic to the point where they don't even acknowledge that it's only 20 additional feet on one existing right-of-way that's really the additional land that's requested. Can you talk a little bit about these really cumbersome, almost obstruction-ary situations where the need is there to build the lines where the system operators are really calling for an in-service date that's unachievable at this point to preserve reliability? Can you talk a little bit about the recourse actions that could be taken by the different owners of these lines? I mean, you don't have to talk specifically to Susquehanna. But do you see more of these things actually moving into the courts given that there really is a reliability need?
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think that's a perfect example of what our customers are facing. That's the reinterpretation of existing regulations. And this is a project that was delayed 2 years ago in June, and it's back on the drawing board again. But who knows what's going to happen? And if it goes into the court system because of reliability issues and if the line is determined to be needed, all that does is delay the construction of that line. And that's exactly the regulatory environment that we're facing today and why we've taken our approach on guidance, and I'm getting off track a little bit from your question, but that's a project that should be coming out soon and should be going to construction. So -- but is that really going to happen or not? I don't know. I'm not going to get into the other questions or comments you want me to make because I think that's more for our customers. I could just say that, that's the state of what our customers are going through today, and it impacts us as well.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And, Jim, I just want to touch on something you mentioned in there that I think is pretty important, just if you could clarify. So my takeaway from what you just said is that your guidance completely excludes all projects where there is this sort of political or regulatory uncertainty. And it strictly includes projects where you have a very high level of confidence that everything is green-lighted for construction and where there's reasonable expectations for significant increase in activity this year.
James O'Neil: I would say that's fair for large projects that we expect to be awarded in the latter half of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of -- with Andrew Wittmann of Robert W. Baird.
Andrew Wittmann: My question is on the Telecom business. And you mentioned a number of factors are really driving that business, Jim. The -- I guess my question is really regarding the stimulus benefit that you're experiencing. Can you just remind us how much of just maybe the work that you're doing today is really stimulus-driven and how long you expect the tail to be on that work?
James O'Neil: Yes, I think a significant amount of that is stimulus-driven, and we should see positive results from that well into 2013 on Telecom -- Telecom stimulus. And we're largely associated with it, obviously, everyone knows, but the wireline to unserved areas throughout the country. I mean, that's another example where these jobs should have started a year ago, but the environmental impact statements that needed to be filed delayed the process a year. And we all are now seeing the -- we're in the height of the construction period, and that should continue through most of '12 and probably start -- we'll still see some significant revenues in '13, but it will start winding down in '13. And then by that time, we should -- we think that there will be several customers -- or we know for a fact that there are several customers that received the benefit of stimulus that have additional capital programs that they want to bolt on to that program. So we think the spending will be very poor beyond 2013 because there's many customers that have capital they want to deploy as well. And then 4G and LTE should be increasing. So we think that we're not going to see this big drop-off in '13 because, certainly, we've got wireless opportunities increasing and customers that have capital programs on the wireline side that will continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Rogers with D.A. Davidson.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just a couple of different questions. First of all, how much of your work are you expecting in 2013 to be in Canada -- or sorry, 2012?
James O'Neil: Probably close to 10%. I'm just giving you that directionally, 10%. Everything is going to go up, so the revenue in Canada should increase as well. But it should be approximately 10% of our revenues.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And in terms of the large pipeline projects up there, I mean, it doesn't sound like you're banking on any of those moving forward in 2012 at that revenue rate.
James O'Neil: The large projects that would be done in Canada would be occurring right now probably. Because of the permafrost loss, most of that work is done in the first quarter. So that's probably a good assessment. And in '12, it would relate to the big pipe.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, just back to the electrical business for a second. You talked -- or you mentioned that the distribution side of it was picking up a little bit. Is that -- and I know it's still relatively weak compared to what it was years ago, but is that helping margins? Or does it add revenue but dilute the margins a little bit?
James O'Neil: No, it should help margins. I mean, primarily -- I mean, overall, it's definitely going to help margins because you have a lot of distribution resources going to the small transmission market. So now that you've had distribution pick up, you've got some of those folks going back into distribution. And then it's making the small transmission market, the resources to perform that work even more scarce. Commodity is scarce. So -- but the distribution margins, we operate under MSAs and we've just had less people on those MSAs. So as they return under those agreements, the margins will improve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Morris Ajzenman with Griffin Securities.
Morris Ajzenman - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Question is, 2012, clearly it looks like we'll have a material improvement versus 2011. With that as a backdrop, which sort of acquisitions for 2012 would you prefer to just keep low there and allow the better results to come to surface and be able to see that? Or are there still areas where you have a laser focus where you want some strategic acquisitions as far as this year is concerned?
James O'Neil: Our acquisition strategy really doesn't change in good times or bad. I mean, we're going to be opportunistic. And if we can find an acquisition candidate that adds a geographical footprint or enhances our core service offering or provides some technology differentiator or customer relationship, we'll look hard at making that acquisition. So, again, our approach to acquisition is pretty consistent, and it hasn't changed over the last 10 to 12 years.
Operator: Thank you. I'll turn it back over to management for any closing remarks.
James O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our fourth quarter and full year 2011 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial (303) 590-3030, with access code 4514544. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: James Haddox - Chief Financial Officer Kip A. Rupp - Founder and Managing Partner James F. O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Scott J Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division Will Gabrielski - American Technology John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, November 2, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host for today, Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great. Thank you, Patricia, and welcome, everyone, to the Quanta Services conference call to review third quarter of 2011 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services' website at quantaservices.com. A replay of today's call will be available on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 2, 2011, and therefore you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call.  This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liabilities established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include all statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions you that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call.  For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained on Quanta's website or through the SEC's website at sec.gov.  With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James F. O'Neil: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services' Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before turning the call over to James Haddox, Quanta's CFO, to provide a detailed review of our third quarter financial results. Following James's comments, we'll welcome your questions. In the third quarter, we experienced momentum in the each of our operating segments for the first time since 2008. Specifically, our Electric Transmission business in the quarter continued to ramp up as a number of projects moved into full construction. We were also awarded nearly $250 million of pipeline projects in the third quarter, which are beginning to mobilize into construction in the fourth quarter. As a result of this increased activity, our workforce increased by approximately 2,500 employees or 17% at the end of the third quarter as compared to June 30, 2011. Both our 12-month and total backlog at the end of the third quarter were at record levels. Our 12-month backlog at the end of the third quarter increased about 39% and total backlog increased approximately 25% compared to backlog at the end of the third quarter of 2010.  During the quarter, our Electric Power segment grew revenues by approximately 55% compared to the same period last year. Our Electric Power segment 12-month backlog as of the end of the third quarter increased nearly 49%, and total backlog increased nearly 17% as compared to the third quarter of 2010. We believe we are in the early stages of a major multi-year transmission buildout in the United States and Canada and expect backlog to continue to remain strong throughout 2012. The large Electric Transmission projects that we are progressing are progressing in a manner that is consistent with the expectations we set on our second quarter conference call without any meaningful delays during the quarter.  During the third quarter, the joint venture including Quanta operating unit, Valard Construction, finalized the contract with BC Hydro for the engineering, procurement and construction of the Northwest Transmission Line. Under our scope of the contract, we will construct the 344-kilometer 287-kilovolt transmission line, which is designated to provide a secure interconnection point for clean energy generation projects and supply electricity to support future industrial developments in Northern British Columbia. We have commenced preconstruction activities but do not expect to move toward full construction until the spring of 2012, with completion expected in the fourth quarter of 2013.  While large transmission projects are grabbing the headlines, we are also experiencing an increase in activity for projects less than $100 million in value that we typically don't announce. For example, AEP awarded Quanta work in 2 states to rebuild a number of transmission lines totaling more than 300 miles, and Oklahoma Gas and Electric recently awarded Quanta the Seminole to Muskogee Transmission Project, which is a 125-mile, 345-kilovolt line. Construction on this project is expected to start in the middle of 2012, with completion expected in late 2013. The aggregate of these projects is approximately $170 million. We continue to see a recovery in demand for our electric distribution services. Since the beginning of the year, our utility customers have continued to add our crews for maintenance work, and we estimate that our electric distribution revenues have increased approximately 11% for the first 9 months of this year compared to the same period last year. During the third quarter, Hurricane Irene severely damaged the electric infrastructure along the eastern coast of the United States and knocked out power to more than 7 million electric customers. Quanta deployed approximately 2,000 employees to provide electric restoration services to assist utilities throughout the impacted areas. The $63 million in revenue generated in the quarter from emergency restoration services was offset by impacts to operations along the Eastern Seaboard and in the Northeast U.S., where our productivity was hindered as a result of Hurricane Irene. Our operating income, however, did benefit somewhat from the emergency restoration work we performed. In our renewable operations, we generated revenues of $150 million for the first 9 months of this year compared to $182 million in the same period last year. We currently anticipate generating approximately $220 million of renewable revenue in 2011. This compares to $313 million for the full year of 2010. Reasons for the year-over-year decline include delays on solar projects moving forward, while developers wait for solar panel prices to settle at lower price levels. The wind market also was significantly impacted this year because of low natural gas prices and challenges in obtaining financing for projects. However, we believe the solar industry in the United States will provide growth opportunities for Quanta in 2012 and 2013.  We recently announced that Quanta was selected by Samsung C&T America to provide comprehensive EPC services for a 20-megawatt utility-scale solar installation near the city of Alpaugh in Tulare County, California. Construction on this project is just beginning and should be completed in August of 2012. This project is not in backlog at the end of the third quarter. We have also been awarded work from Johnson Controls and Strata Solar on 2 10-megawatt solar projects, where our scope of work is focused on construction services only, which includes the installation of conduit, wiring and some racking and panel installation.  Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment has been challenged for the third quarter and for the first 9 months of this year, principally related to our large-diameter transmission business. But these challenging conditions are beginning to change. We're seeing an increased level of project awards for large-diameter transmission work. This is reflected in the increased backlog for this segment at the end of the third quarter. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment 12-month and total backlog increased nearly 10% and approximately 62%, respectively, as compared to the third quarter of last year. In the quarter, we were awarded and are currently working on building more than 190 miles of large-diameter pipeline for Enterprise Products Partners in the Eagle Ford Shale. We were also awarded and are now working on shorter-mileage, large-diameter pipeline projects in the Bakken and Marcellus Shales, as well as in Canada. The aggregate value of these projects added approximately $250 million to backlog during the third quarter. These projects are expected to be completed no later than the end of the first quarter of next year. As you may have seen this morning, we announced that TransCanada has selected Quanta to be part of a joint venture consisting of 3 pipeline construction contractors to build 1,179 miles of pipeline and related infrastructure from Hardisty, Alberta to Steele City, Nebraska as part of the TransCanada Keystone XL Pipeline project. The scope of services to be provided by each joint venture member is still being defined, and the finalization of the terms of the joint venture and the contract with TransCanada are in process. We anticipate that Quanta will play a significant role in the construction of the pipeline infrastructure for the Keystone XL project. The final review of the Keystone XL Pipeline by the regulatory authorities is under way. And assuming no further delays, TransCanada expects the decision sometime in December of this year. If this occurs, construction of the pipeline is estimated to begin in early 2012, with completion expected by the middle of 2013. According to information publicly disclosed by TransCanada, upon regulatory approval, the Keystone XL project is estimated to create approximately 20,000 U.S. jobs, including 13,000 construction jobs and 7,000 manufacturing jobs. This project will create at least 2,000 construction jobs for Quanta. The $7 billion project is expected to create 118,000 spinoff jobs in the local areas while the pipeline is being built, as well as $20 billion of economic benefits to the United States during the construction process. TransCanada is a long-time customer of Quanta, and we appreciate our relationship with them and the confidence they have demonstrated by choosing Quanta to be a meaningful partner in building a significant portion of this project. Through our 100 years of experience in the pipeline construction industry, combined with TransCanada's innovative solutions to meet the high level of environmental requirements on the Keystone XL project, we are committed to build the safest pipeline system in the United States. While the challenging environmental and permitting conditions that our customer states remain, we are optimistic that the momentum we are experiencing in our pipeline business will continue through the rest of this year and into 2012. However, it is very early in the 2012 pipeline bidding season, and our visibility on forecasting 2012 pipeline activity is limited at this time. Gathering system work within the shale formations is robust. We have established a local presence in key shale plays to take advantage of opportunities in these areas. We are making inroads and currently working on several lateral and gathering system projects in the Marcellus, Eagle Ford and Bakken Shales. We also believe that pipeline inspection, integrity testing and rehabilitation will be an area of significant opportunity and growth for Quanta in the coming years, as heightened federal and state standards and regulatory requirements for more frequent and invasive testing of pipelines begin to be implemented. We have experienced increased levels of inquiries related to this part of our business by pipeline owners and utilities. We believe this is due to our customers proactively moving forward with voluntary programs ahead of new regulatory requirements being put in place. We are pleased with the continued improvement in our Telecommunication Industry segment, as revenues increased 50% over the same period last year and margins increased 260 basis points. 12-month and total backlog for this segment increased about 73% and approximately 68%, respectively, in the third quarter as compared to last year's third quarter. The increase in revenues, margins and backlog for this segment was driven by increases in engineering and startup of broadband stimulus projects, fiber-to-cell site projects and wireless-related work. We anticipate this segment's revenues will continue to gain momentum during the fourth quarter, and we expect strong growth for this segment in 2012.  The KINBER project, where we are building a statewide 1,600-mile fiber optic network in Pennsylvania, continues to move forward. We have received required project permits, have completed the engineering work and are performing construction activities. We believe this project is on track for completion by the end of 2012. We continue to see opportunities from wireless and fiber-to-cell site initiatives driven by strong wireless data growth, efforts to improve 3G wireless networks and from 4G and LTE wireless network upgrades and deployments. The Fiber Optic Licensing segment increased 12-month and total backlog about 6% and nearly 4%, respectively, in the third quarter as compared to last year's third quarter. More than 1/2 of our customers in this segment are educational facilities, including K-12 schools. We saw a deceleration in spending from these customers through the recession, but have experienced an increase in sales activity this year, and we believe this will continue into 2012. In summary, we continue to see positive trends across all of our operating segments as we move into the fourth quarter, which is reflected by the nearly 39% increase in our 12-month backlog at the end of the third quarter. The Keystone XL project is not in these backlog figures. As we look toward 2012, we believe the momentum we already have in our business provides a nice runway for strong revenue and profit growth next year.  With that, I would like to like to turn the call over to James.
James Haddox: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.25 billion for the third quarter of 2011 compared to $1.21 billion in the prior year's third quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 3.7% quarter-over-quarter. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $52 million or $0.25 per diluted share. The growth in consolidated revenues in 3Q '11 was driven primarily by an increase in revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment of 55% quarter-over-quarter. A portion of this growth resulted from an acquisition during the fourth quarter of 2010, and to a lesser extent, 4 smaller acquisitions completed during the third quarter of 2011. The 4 acquisitions completed in the third quarter of 2011 contributed about $12 million in revenues to the quarter. Excluding these 5 acquisitions completed since 3Q 2010, the Electric Power segment's revenues would've grown 42% quarter-over-quarter. Also contributing to growth in overall revenues were increased quarter-over-quarter revenues from Telecom Infrastructure Services of $47.1 million, or 53% -- 50.3%, I'm sorry. These revenues increases were offset by a 53% decrease in revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment.  Our consolidated gross margin declined slightly from 15.8% in 3Q of '10 to 15.6% in 3Q of '11. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of lower overall revenues from Natural Gas transmission projects on this segment's ability to cover fixed costs. Partially offsetting these decreases were higher margins from our Electric Power and Telecommunications Infrastructure Services segment, which were positively impacted by higher overall revenues reported by these segments. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $10.4 million to $92.4 million as compared to last year's third quarter. Administrative costs associated with acquired companies resulted in an increase in G&A expenses of approximately $4.0 million quarter-over-quarter. Selling, general and administrative expenses also increased as a result of $8.7 million in higher salaries, benefits and incentive compensation costs associated with additional personnel and salary increases. Offsetting the current quarter increases were lower losses on sales of equipment quarter-over-quarter of approximately $3.0 million. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and admin expenses increased from 6.8% in the third quarter of 2010 to 7.4% in the third quarter of 2011, primarily due to the lower overall revenues reported by our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment and the impact of these decreases on Quanta's ability to cover these costs. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense decreased from 9.0% in 3Q of '10 to 8.2% in 3Q of '11 as a result of the effects I just discussed on gross margins and G&A expenses. Amortization of intangible assets decreased from $13.4 million in 3Q '10 to $8.3 million in 3Q '11 due to the runoff of amortization related to backlog and other intangible assets recorded from our prior acquisitions, partially offset by an increase in amortization-related intangibles associated with the acquisitions completed in 3Q '11 and 4Q '10. Amortization expense increased from $6.9 million in 2Q '11 to $8.3 million and 3Q '11 as a result of the acquisitions completed in the third quarter of '11. Moving further down into the details of our results by segment. Electric Power segment revenues were up about $290 million quarter-over-quarter, or about 55%. Revenues were positively impacted by increased revenues from Electric Power transmission projects, primarily due to increased spending by our customers during the third quarter of 2011. Revenues from emergency restoration services increased $52.4 million to $62.7 million in the third quarter of 2011, primarily due to Hurricane Irene impacting the East Coast region of the United States. Also, revenues were favorably impacted during the third quarter from the contribution of approximately $63 million of revenues from acquisitions, which occurred subsequent to the third quarter of 2010. The operating margin in the Electric Power segment was 12.4% in the third quarter compared to 11.3% in last year's third quarter, primarily due to higher overall revenues, which resulted from an increase in the volume of revenues from higher-margin transmission projects, as well as from increases in higher-margin emergency restoration services.  Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues decreased quarter-over-quarter approximately 53% to about $259 million in 3Q '11 due to the decrease in the number and size of projects as a result of delays in spending by our customers, specifically in connection with Natural Gas transmission projects. Operating as a percentage of revenues decreased to a negative 1.5% for 3Q '11 from a positive 9.6% for 3Q '10. The decrease is primarily due to the overall revenues described above -- to the lower overall revenues described above, which negatively impacted this segment's ability to cover operating, overhead costs and admin costs. Additionally, we wrote down certain underutilized assets by about $3 million, negatively impacting pipeline margins in the third quarter of 2011. Revenues from our Telecommunications segment increased approximately $47 million or 50.3% to approximately $140.7 million in 3Q '11, primarily due to an increase in the volume of work associated with Stimulus-funded projects that ramped up substantially during 3Q '11 and an increase in revenues from FTTx buildout initiatives as a result of increased capital spending by our customers during 3Q '11 as compared to 3Q '10. Operating margin in the Telecommunications segment was 11.3% in 3Q '11 compared to 6.0% in 3Q '10. This increase in margin is primarily due to increased demand for our services, allowing for margin expansion as well as the impact of revenue increases on this segment's ability to cover fixed cost. Also contributing to this increase were lower overall selling, general and administrative expenses that resulted from the restructuring of certain operating units, which reduced the overall amount of fixed costs associated with this segment for 3Q '11 as compared to 3Q '10.  Fiber Optic Licensing segment revenues were approximately $28.4 million for the third quarter of 2011, reflecting an increase of about 1.2% from 3Q '10. And operating margin was 50.0% in 3Q '11 compared to operating margin of 47.2% in 3Q of '10. When discussing operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and admin expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effect of such expenses.  Corporate and unallocated costs decreased $3.8 million in the third quarter of 2011 as compared to 3Q of 2010, primarily due to a $5.1 million decrease in amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by a $1.1 million increase in salaries and benefits expenses. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $52.0 million or $0.25 per diluted share. Net income attributable to common stock in 3Q '10 was $62.8 million, or $0.30 per diluted share, which included $9.4 million of income for a benefit of $0.04 per diluted share due to the release of income tax contingencies from the expiration of various statutes of limitation related to federal and state tax returns. Adjusted diluted earnings per share as calculated in today's press release was $0.29 for the third quarter of 2011 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.32 for 3Q of '10. Cash flow from operations of $40.8 million, less net capital expenditures of about $38.3 million, resulted in approximately $2.5 million in free cash flow for the quarter. This compares to prior year's third quarter, which had a negative free cash flow of $79.2 million. The increase in free cash flow for the third quarter of 2011 as compared to the prior year quarter is primarily due to more favorable billing positions on 2011 projects, as well as significantly higher working capital requirements on pipeline projects that were in process during the third quarter of the prior year.  EBITA for the third quarter of 2011 was $102.3 million or 8.2% of revenues compared to about $108 million or 9.0% of revenues for the third quarter of 2010. Adjusted EBITDA was about $133 million for the third quarter of 2011, compared to $141.4 million for the third quarter of 2010. Our days sales outstanding or DSOs were relatively flat at 75 days at September 30, 2011; June 30, 2011; and September 30, 2010. The calculation of EBITA and EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and DSOs can be found in the Investors & Media section at our website at quantaservices.com.  As previously announced, we entered into an amended senior secured revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders led by Bank of America, N.A. and Wells Fargo, N.A. during the third quarter. The amendment expanded our senior secured revolving credit facility from $475 million to $700 million, and extends the maturity date to August 2, 2016. Under this new facility, at September 30, 2011, we had $190 million in letters of credit outstanding primarily to secure our insurance program and have no other outstanding borrowings. In addition, at the end of the quarter, we had about $257.8 million in cash. Considering our cash and availability under our new credit facility, we have nearly $768 million in total liquidity as of September 30. During the second quarter of 2011, our Board of Directors authorized us to purchase up to a total of $150 million of our outstanding common stock. In the third quarter, we repurchased 3.2 million shares in the open market for a total cost of $55.1 million. Including the shares repurchased in the second quarter, we have repurchased a total of approximately 8.1 million shares for a total cost of approximately $149.5 million. All repurchases were paid for with cash on hand. As I previously mentioned, we closed 4 acquisitions during the third quarter. The aggregate purchase price was approximately $81.6 million, comprised of $58.9 million in cash and $22.7 million in shares of Quanta stock. The acquisitions expanded our international presence in both Electric Power and Natural Gas Pipeline services.  Concerning our outlook for the future, our estimate for 4Q '11 EPS based on revenues of between $1.35 billion and $1.45 billion is $0.32 to $0.36 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to $0.16 in GAAP EPS in the fourth quarter of 2010. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 4Q '11 includes an estimate of $5.8 million for noncash compensation expenses and $7.8 million for amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter is expected to be $0.36 to $0.40. This non-GAAP measure is calculated on the same basis as the historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in this release.  We are currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interests to be approximately $3.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. And for additional guidance, we are currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 39.5% to 40% for 4Q 2011. We expect our diluted share count to be about 209 million shares for the fourth quarter of 2011. We expect CapEx for all of 2011 to be approximately $180 million to $190 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing segment of about $25 million. This $180 million to $190 million for 2011 compares to CapEx for all of 2010 of about $150 million.  This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Patricia, we're ready to go to Q&A now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. One, as I look at your fourth quarter guidance, James, we're making some improvement on the Natural Gas and Pipeline profits if you exclude the writedown you took in the third quarter. I'm just trying to think about how we think about run rate margins in the fourth quarter for the Natural Gas Pipeline business, given some of orders that you've gotten, would be my first question. And how you think about sort of margins longer-term sort of with and without Keystone? And then my second question, I guess, would be, Keystone, I understand you're still in negotiations. But can you just talk about the potential size for Quanta of that project going forward and then what that does to sort of capacity in the market in 2012 in the pricing environment?
James F. O'Neil: Jamie, this is Jim. In regards to pipeline margins in the fourth quarter, I mean, they should continue to get better, obviously. I mean, we needed work, and we're starting to see work. We've been awarded $250 million worth of projects. Most of that work is going to be done in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So because we have that revenue coming in, we're able to leverage fixed costs in that Pipeline segment, which is going to certainly help revenues for the fourth quarter.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But do we get back -- because if you just look at your guidance for the fourth quarter, it implies margins sequentially have to be up, have to be approaching the 9.5% range versus 7.5% for this quarter. So I'm just trying -- is all that improvement in Natural Gas, in terms of the operating profit line? I'm just trying to get a sense for our margins exiting the year sort of in the mid-, high single-digit range on the Natural Gas Pipeline, because that has implications for earnings next year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, margins in transmission business should be north of 7%. The segment should be approximately 8% for the segment. We've got the weather that impacts us in the fourth quarter when doing pipeline work, so we have to hedge there a little bit. But certainly, having that additional revenue is the key, and we should have significantly better margins than we have had the first 9 months of this year, doing about 7% operating income in the Transmission Pipeline business and 8% for the segment. In regards to TransCanada, we're really excited about it. I mean, this is the biggest infrastructure opportunity that we certainly have on our horizon. It's hard to give or to quantify what that total opportunity is right now. We haven't even gotten the maps for the layout of the pipeline project or detailed maps where we can price it. We have given indicative pricing on a unit basis to the customer. But we haven't certainly divided the scope of work or looked at what the total dollar opportunity is for the JV. We should do at least 1/3 of the work. I mean, there's 3 of us, and we certainly expect to do our fair share of that work. And we do think it's a significant opportunity. As soon as we can quantify that, we'll communicate that to you guys.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But what's the contractor's addressable scope on the -- you know what I mean because you're not going -- the materials or whatever, I mean, that's not going to get -- that won't be through you. I'm trying to get a sense of while you don't want to tell me your share, what was the addressable scope for the 3 contractors?
James F. O'Neil: Well, that's what we can't quantify right now. I mean, the total project is $7 billion. That includes engineering, material and construction.
Jamie L. Cook - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So if we back out materials, is it 1/2 about? And then we could sort of...
James F. O'Neil: It's really hard to tell because there's been a lot of money spent on this project upfront. I would say in a typical pipeline project, you talk to looking at 30% construction scope. But they've spend so much money on this project, and that $7 billion, I just can't even estimate that right now. I can tell you it's a huge opportunity for us. It's the biggest infrastructure project that we have on the horizon that we'll be doing going forward. I just can't quantify it right now. I wish I could, but we can't.
James Haddox: And that has supporting infrastructure, too.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, there's other supporting infrastructure in addition to the pipeline as well.
James Haddox: That's included in the $7 billion. There's substations, compressor stations, those kinds of things that have not been bid out yet. So it's really hard for us to tell you how much of the $7 billion supply is just to the pipeline itself.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions. Just a follow-up on the Keystone Pipeline project. From my understanding, you have the Keystone Cushing Extension, which is already built. The Gulf Coast segment was given out to Michels last year. So I guess, my assumption is with this particular contract, essentially the whole pipeline has been bid out. So I would like to get some comments on that. And then if you can comment on whether this is fixed price or cost-plus for you. And given that the Steele City portion mix essentially means that at least one, I would say around 15% to 20% of this pipeline project, is running across Nebraska in terms of your partnerships portion, how do you look at the fact that Nebraska has probably been the most contentious state? Do you see -- is TransCanada telling you that they'll go ahead and start constructing and leave Nebraska for later and Nebraska should not really influence that construction timeline too much? So that's unfortunately a very long first question. And then the follow-up is I just wanted to ask about your accounts receivable. I have seen them sort of go up a bit. I assume that's due to the ramp-up of all your transmission projects. But any additional color would be helpful.
James F. O'Neil: Tahira, the portion of the project is the one that goes from -- and I quoted it in my script, going from Canada to Nebraska. That's the course of the project. So yes, this doesn't include the southern section, which has already been awarded. The work is going to be done lump sum. We haven't gotten to that price yet with thea customer. The JV has given indicative pricing on a unit basis, but it will eventually be a lump sum project by the JV to TransCanada. As far as the regulatory issues and permitting issues, I can't comment on that. We haven't talked about how we're going to approach the work and whether we're going to avoid certain sections initially. We just haven't gotten into that detail with a customer. Those will be questions for TransCanada at this time.
James Haddox: And Tahira, on the receivables question. That's just purely related to the ramp-up in revenues. I mean, we had a $240 million ramp-up in revenues between the second quarter and the third quarter. And every quarter of this year has been -- revenues have been significantly higher than they were from the prior year. So that's requiring quite a bit of working capital as these ramp up. But our DSOs have remained flat throughout all the periods that are comparable. I mean, we're still -- we're at about 75 days and that's the way it was at the end of the second quarter and at the end of the third quarter of last year. So there's not really any significant issue in receivables. It's just requiring a lot of working capital to ramp these jobs up.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Jim, can you give us a little color on -- I know you specified that in the pipeline segment, you've been working more on the smaller sort of branches of pipeline and not so much on the larger, more profitable. What type of capacity is that segment? What type of that capacity has that segment been running at, say, the first 9 months here? And then my second question is, you called out inspection-heightened federal as well as state regulatory issues on the inspection of pipelines. Does Quanta have all the technology there that they need? Or is there some type of technology out there that may need to be acquired?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I don't think it's a technology issue. I think it's just getting the permitting and signing approval. The regulatory approvals are what the big issues are. It's not about the application of how we build pipelines. I can tell you that the TransCanada line is going to have requirements in place that far exceed what is standard in the industry today and there is going to be technology applied, new type of material for the casing of the pipeline that can't be punctured. It's going to be concrete-encased. So I think that those technologies certainly will be provided to us to construct or to put into place. Our integrity business is certainly an area where we differentiate from a technology standpoint. And we do have some technology there to provide integrity service and rehabilitation services to our customers. As far as the question on the shale work, I wouldn't say that it's not as profitable. I would say it is just as profitable as the other work. It's just smaller sections of large-diameter pipe, and we've seen that business ramp up in the last 90 days or so. It's really starting to move along at a really nice clip. And we have established ourselves in these shales. We have a local presence to where we can capitalize on these opportunities in a timely basis. So we're excited about that part of our business, especially in the liquid-rich plays. The Bakken, the Marcellus and the Eagle Ford, we see significant opportunity going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Zach Larkin with Stephens, Inc.
Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First off, I wanted to see if you guys could talk a little bit about the electric distribution business and kind of your commentary on how that's been doing quite well. In light of last quarter, you noted that margins and pricing due to increased competition was something you had been facing. Has that situation improved? Or what does that market look like currently?
James F. O'Neil: I don't think we really have a competitive environment in our Distribution market. We have MSAs in place throughout the country. It's just a matter that utilities are bringing more crews on from Quanta, I mean, where we have MSAs to perform maintenance work, which means they're increasing their maintenance. And that surprisingly continues to ramp up in this economy, which is good news. I think that after the first 6 months of the year, we had 7% increase year-over-year. And now after 9 months, we're close to 11% increase for the 9 months ending this year versus that same period last year. So we're certainly seeing improvement, which is encouraging.
Zach Larkin - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the Renewable side, are you guys anticipating any type of a year-end rush or pickup as the 1603 cash grants end at the year? Have you seen anything on that line?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, that's good question. I mean, I think that's one of the catalysts on why Samsung went forward when it did. And we are working on at least 2 other utility-scale programs that are being competitively bid, where I think there should be some announcements before the end of the year. So there is a rush of developers trying to take advantage of the 1603 tax grant before it expires at the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: First, as it relates to the acquisitions, can you quantify the anticipated annual contribution in revenue and the contribution in backlog in the current quarter?
James Haddox: Yes, the -- we're expecting about $100 million in revenues from those acquisitions for next year. And the other question was what, Alex, on backlog?
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: What did they contribute to backlog in the third quarter?
James Haddox: About $52 million. Effect [ph] on backlog for acquisitions that were acquired in the third quarter is about $52 million.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And as it relates to your fourth quarter guidance, can you comment on the recent storm activity in the Northeast with regards to the snow and whether or not that's included in your guidance or not?
James F. O'Neil: We've got $37 million, I think, in storm revenue in our forecast for the fourth quarter. It's too early to tell, Alex, how this -- I mean, we have responded I think we've got over 1,000 people that we sent to the area to respond to recent events, to respond to the outages particularly in the Northeast. But we don't know how that's going offset against our loss of productivity on some major projects we have in that area. So it's too early to tell how that shake out, if that will shake out. We think it's going to be net positive, but we're right in the middle of that right now.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And I apologize if I missed this. But your fourth quarter EPS guidance, down a little bit from previous guidance. Is that due to maybe a short-term delay in some of the gas awards that have now been awarded and are mobilizing? Or is there something else there?
James F. O'Neil: Actually, it's because we had pipeline work which we expected to start in the third quarter move into the fourth quarter. And now most of the pipeline work we're going to do is going to be in the fourth quarter and first quarter. And that could be an inclement weather period.
Alexander J. Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Great. It's only a timing difference.
James F. O'Neil: Exactly, it's timing. We expected to do significantly more in the third quarter than what -- because of regulatory and permitting delays that pushed it into the fourth. And we're just starting up on many of those projects.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Will Gabrielski with Lazard.
Will Gabrielski - American Technology: In terms of Keystone and the potential for there to be a wide range of startup dates for construction, how do you go about managing the schedule and your equipment and your spreads in terms of how you look and forecast for 2012? Is there any way to mitigate the potential timing risk there? Or maybe another point on that to comment now, how much of that capacity will be leased equipment versus equipment you own that you're planning to allocate to Keystone?
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've got the capability to do 9 spreads of big pipe. We're doing 1 spread of big pipe right now with Enterprise. So we've got plenty of capacity. So from a timing standpoint and how we planned these resources, I don't think we're -- I mean, we're able to capture other opportunities in addition to Keystone right now. All construction companies have a rental model to where they own a certain amount of the specialized equipment and they'll lease equipment, like light-duty vehicles and other equipments that's common across industries. So certainly, if we ramp up to where we have the significant amount of work going on, we will be leasing equipment. But that's not a big deal, that's just the way that we've done business in the past and that's the model the industry uses.
Will Gabrielski - American Technology: Okay. And then on the transmission business. Obviously, there was some news during the quarter with the President and Congress working to try and expedite the process of permitting yet again. And they went through, I think, 7 projects. That, combined with the other projects out for bid right now, how would you characterize 2012 bookings opportunities for Electric Transmission coming off a very good year in 2011?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, we've pretty much made it through, our customers made it through the regulatory hurdles that we were facing in '11. Now that's not to say we won't encounter anymore in '12. I don't anticipate any. But we've got 10 major projects that are moving into construction and we've got some nice tailwind there and we expect further awards in the fourth quarter and into next year. And we would think that backlog will be strong, even with the run rate in Electric Transmission next year, as far as the burn that we'll have. So we're excited about the opportunities. Again, we think we're in the early stages of a major buildout in the Electric Transmission market, and we'll see more awards and significant increase in revenues next year in Transmission as compared to what we experienced this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird & Company.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Jim, just on some of the recent acquisitions, the transmission one seemed pretty middle of the fairway. But directional drilling in Australia, it's a little bit far-flung geographically and it doesn't seem directly like what you've done historically. Combine this with the acquisition in the Eagle Ford, where you're doing some things that are a little bit different, I guess, question is, is there a bit of a change in strategy here? And how much of these kinds of acquisitions should we expect going forward?
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've been saying for the last year or so that we've been opportunistically looking for opportunities international. And you look at this being a directional drilling company in Australia, it's really an opportunity to establish a base to not only pursue gas pipeline opportunities and directional drilling opportunities because Alaska is going to be the #1 exporter of LNG in the world because of their natural resources going into next year as they export LNG to Asia. But we're going to use this as a base as well to expand our Electric Transmission and Distribution segment as well, which there's a huge opportunity in Australia to upgrade infrastructure very similar to what's occurring here in the U.S. and Canada. So it's a very friendly state, country, very much like the U.S. and it's an opportunity that we've been looking at for a long time. So I don't think it's a departure from what our core business is or our philosophy. It's just an area of opportunity in Australia that we can capitalize not only in the Pipeline market but in the Electric Power Infrastructure market as well.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So do you think you'll -- just to continue on that, do you think you'll add in around that with more investments in Australia then?
James F. O'Neil: Well, maybe more investments in Australia, maybe we'll just grow organically that small company because now we have a platform for growth and bringing in resources. So it could be combination of both. Australia is just a huge opportunity for growth in all of the industries that we participate in today. And this is the first step in trying to establish a platform to grow that opportunity.
Andrew J. Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And just on the Electric Transmission margins, was there any contribution from any positive closeouts in the quarter that may have moved the margins a little bit higher? It seemed like the storm benefit was kind of offset with negatives in some of the other work that you were doing. So it seems like storm wasn't necessarily the contributor. But I'm just wondering if there's closeouts. And maybe now that utilization levels are moving higher, are the margins in the third quarter indicative of some of the trends that you hope to see in the busier 2012 season?
James Haddox: This is James. I'll take the first question. No, there weren't any closeouts of any major projects. We closed those out towards the end of 2010. And now we're ramping up on a lot of projects. And in fact, we're being somewhat conservative as we usually are in the beginning of these major contracts as far as revenue recognition is concerned. So we should see some improvement in margins if these projects move on through, if we execute properly.
James F. O'Neil: And in the consistency of work on as many projects that were on, we're able to fully utilize or at least improve significantly the utilization of equipment, and our key people, our superintendents and foremen. So yes, margins should go up, and yes, I think the third quarter electric margin is reflective of that occurring. We just have to be cognizant that the fourth quarter does have some and the first quarter can bring some unpredictable weather. But we expect margins to continue to improve in the fourth and first quarter as we move into next year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Beach with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Typically, you give an update on a lot of your projects. You didn't this time. But could you just focus on the 2 or 3 projects that earlier in the year were delayed because of environmental permitting and issues like that, such as Tehachapi, and if they're progressing at this point and if there's any that are still being held up by permitting?
James F. O'Neil: No, Jeff, all the projects are moving forward. I'm not going to say there's not a little issue here or there on projects, but nothing material like we had in the beginning of the year. I can tell you that the momentum in the third quarter was primarily from Sunrise getting the green light, the Greater Reliability Project getting the green light and then Sharyland beginning to ramp up -- excuse me, Lone Star. So those were the 3 transmission projects that really gained momentum in the third quarter. And again, everything is moving forward. We don't see any regulatory issues that anywhere near what we saw at the begin of the year, and things are moving forward nicely.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: All right. And on the gas revenues, could you give us either the dollar amount or kind of a rough percentage of how much this quarter was in the large-diameter pipeline versus everything else?
James F. O'Neil: We had very little -- that Enterprise job was supposed to start in the beginning of September, when we forecast it originally and that pushed into October. So we had very little large-diameter pipeline, the long-distance pipeline. Most of the revenues that we generated in the third quarter were from the shale projects. When I say the shale projects, the shorter-distance, larger-diameter pipeline projects.
Jeffrey L. Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: All right. And I assume this surge in the margin in the fourth quarter then is coming from some utilization of your large-diameter equipment.
James F. O'Neil: That's correct. And to put more color on it, I think we're going to have about $90 million of that $250 million move into the first quarter of next year. So that's how things have shifted from the third quarter. Now all those jobs were expected to complete for the most part by the end of the year, and now we have $90 million of revenue moving into the first quarter of that $250 million.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Scott J Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So with regard to -- you mentioned weather and its impact on the fourth quarter, when you talk about how you factored that into your guidance here, is that based on what you've already seen relative to the month of October? Or are you just factoring in more conservatism than is seasonally typical? Or maybe a little bit more color with regard to the weather considerations you had in setting or resetting your Q4 guidance there.
James F. O'Neil: We just set normal weather patterns in the fourth quarter compared to what we would see in the third. In the fourth quarter, you typically are going to get less productivity than you do in the third. And we have databases of information in certain geographical areas that we refer back to try to get a good feel on what those margins should be.
Scott J Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So in reality, your gas work is sliding a little bit back further and a little bit into rougher weather conditions, so we consider that to be a little bit more of an issue with respect to margins you're likely to earn on that. Or is that not really a factor there?
James F. O'Neil: No, I think you're right. I mean, the revenues have been pushed back due to permitting and regulatory issues. You had revenues move that were anticipated in the third quarter into the fourth and first. And historically, the production that we get during the fourth and first quarter is not anywhere near what we would get in the third. Not anywhere near, it's just more challenging than what we would get in the third.
Scott J Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And one follow-up really quickly, maybe on the SG&A. Obviously, you're growing your book of business here dramatically. What are your expectations or what thoughts do you have in terms of how that line is likely to behave into 2012 without asking for explicit guidance per se?
James Haddox: I think you'll probably see it come down as a percentage of revenues. I mean, it will probably move up on an absolute dollar basis. But considering the growth that we're expecting, it should come down on a percentage basis. I mean, you might see it be below -- I mean, typically an 8% number is a good number. You might see it below that number in 2012. But we're not really giving any specific guidance yet on 2012. So that's just kind of general. I think, it will, like I said, go up on the an absolute dollar basis, but should be lower on a percentage basis.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Mannes with Avondale.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: A couple of follow-up questions. First, on Keystone, given the size of the project and the number of the spreads you have to potentially commit to it, how do you -- through your bidding strategy, as it relates to other work for 2012, given you may have to tie up a lot of resources on that project?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, Dan, I think I tried to answer that before. We've got capacity to do 9 spreads at a time and even expand that up to maybe 11 or 12. Keystone is not going to take but a 1/3 to maybe 1/2 of our capacity. So we have plenty of capacity to do all the work and to pursue other projects. It's a good problem or a good situation to be in.
Daniel J. Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Well, or the other side, is that's indicative of your current utilization. But I guess, looking beyond Keystone as we look to 2012, and I know it's early, what do you think of the current outlook for pipeline work, especially large diameter, excluding Keystone? And are you seeing more and more opportunities starting to come down the pike?
James F. O'Neil: We do. We're trying to be a little bit more cautious because last year at this time we said we saw $1 billion more activity going into '11 than we had in '10. And we didn't do very well this year-to-date. So we are optimistic about the bidding environment. We're looking at about $600 million in projects right now to bid for this year. And we've got other projects in that $1.8 billion that we hope will go that we talked about before. So we're optimistic about '12. I think '12 is going to be better than '11, for sure. But we'll certainly have more color for you on our fourth quarter call and give you more detail on where we are at that time, because we're early in the bidding season right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Who are your JV partners on Keystone?
James F. O'Neil: It's 2 private companies. One of them is Michels and the other one is Sheehan.
Adam R. Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then last quarter, Jim, I think you talked about some -- on the telecom side, some fiber shortages and some delays in stimulus projects. You didn't mention that this time. I'm just wondering if those issues have been cleared up since last quarter.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, that's still an issue, but we're working through that. And it hasn't really slowed down our growth or productivity to date. That's still an issue that's out there, but it hasn't affected us to date.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Irwin with Wedbush Securities.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: So, as we look over the course of the next year, there's been a lot of speculation about economic weakness. Some companies reporting that they're seeing it, others are saying that there's no indication either from their customers or from the overall end market environment. What's your take on the economic outlook and how this could potentially impact your business over the course of the next year?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'm not going to comment specifically on what I think is going to happen with the economy, but I can tell you that we're fairly confident that our Electric segment and our Telecommunications segments are going to have very strong growth next year compared to this year. Pipeline, we anticipate to do better, but that's the wildcard certainly. We'll have to see how that plays out as we go through the bidding season. But overall, we expect to have a significantly better year in 2012 than we did in '11, driven by Electric Power and Telecommunications growth in both revenues and margins.
Craig E. Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Excellent. And then as my follow-up question, from your answers to other people's questions on this call about pricing and the pricing outlook, it sounds like you're being fairly conservative. It sounds like you are not anticipating a significant change in profitability of the work, given that utilization levels are most likely going to go up dramatically on the Gas side and have already gone up fairly significantly on the Electric T&D side. What is there that would have you be more constructive on potential for more positive pricing over the course of the next few quarters?
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think the resource constraints in the electric industry are there. I think the supply of qualified labor to move forward on additional projects in the industry are scarce, and that we're well positioned to take advantage of opportunities. So certainly, there's some opportunities to move pricing up in Electric Power going forward. Telecommunication, the margins are strong. We expect margins to increase several hundred basis points over the course of the next year. Gas is the big wildcard. We've got to be able to leverage that fixed-cost overhead with some meaningful work. We're not going to pursue low-cost work. We're going to maintain our bidding philosophy that we've had all along in our transmission pipeline business. And certainly, if that business takes off, we should have some very nice margins next year. But we're still anticipating 9% to 12% operating income throughout 2012. And we should be at the higher end of that if our Gas business performs as we expect it to in 2012.
James Haddox: You might mention that when you say throughout 2012, that might not hold for the first quarter because the first quarter is subject to seasonality. That's the winter quarter. You won't see -- I mean, I don't you're going to see the first quarter fall off compared to the fourth quarter as much as it traditionally has because of the momentum. But we will still have some effects of weather on the first quarter and with respect to margins and revenues, they'll be lower in the first quarter than they are in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Rogers with D.A. Davidson.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up a little bit on the cash situation. In terms of Keystone, is this project that goes through -- are you required -- I mean, do you expect to have to hold a lot of cash for working capital purposes? And sort of how do you waive future buybacks relative to that decision or award?
James Haddox: John, I don't think things have changed a whole lot as far as the way we view our cash position. I mean, we've been saying for the last couple of years that we were building up cash in anticipation of the need of working capital that we're seeing right now. TransCanada, I mean, we're going to need normal working capital as revenues increase in 2012. I don't think it's going to be extraordinary. I mean, we haven't really signed the contract yet, but we will take the normal approach with TransCanada that we take on all of our big projects, which is to try as much as we can to minimize the working capital that we have to put out. But with that being said, we've got the availability to do, to carry the working capital. So like I started to say, we've held cash primarily to be able to fund these types of projects, followed up by capital expenditures and acquisitions, and then coming behind that is stock repurchases. And acquisitions and stock repurchases are opportunistic. It's a little too early [ph] for me to give you guidance on any more specifics than that.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And James, in terms of capital spending, though, next year -- and I don't know whether you can talk about this. I mean, given that -- I mean, you mentioned, you talked about capacity availability earlier for a lot of this work. Should it have to change significantly next year?
James Haddox: Capital spending?
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes.
James Haddox: No, I don't think so. I mean, it might be a little bit higher, but I don't think so. I think it will be about the same as it is this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Langton [ph] with Millennium Partners.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: Jim, it's actually Mark Caruso for Drew. Just following up on Dan Mannes's question earlier, it sounds like you were mentioning that you have extra capacity to go pursue other work. I want to see what your thoughts are on Wrangler, if that's a project that you're targeting, if you think there's any implications of that on Keystone?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, we're pursuing that opportunity as well. And then I wanted to say -- the annual cyclicality of the Pipeline business, there's a lot of contractors with capacity right now. We're early in the bidding season. And people typically don't start building pipeline in the fourth quarter or the first quarter. We're seeing an anomaly this year because of regulatory delays that have moved projects into the fourth quarter. So it's not unusual to have excess capacity this time of year, it's just the nature of the business, as we're in early in the bidding season. If we have this type of capacity in the second and third quarter, then that's more of an issue than it is in the fourth quarter. So I'm not concerned about having the excess capacity right now. It's not a bad problem to have as we're in the beginning of our bidding season. But we are pursuing Wrangler as well.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: Is there a scenario where you could be a part of both projects?
James F. O'Neil: Yes, absolutely. There's no conflict there at all. So we can certainly -- we have the capacity to pursue both projects.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: If you look at Enterprise and Chesapeake that's come out with very bullish shale ventures going forward on the gas-gathering side and there's particular talk now increasing these on the Utica Shale play. Jim, you guys were off to a late start in some of the other shale plays. Can you talk about Utica? And then of course, Enterprise, you've had a good record with. But also talk a bit perhaps about Chesapeake as a client.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, those are currently our customers that we work for and they're good customers. And we have a presence in the Utica Shale as well. So I don't see us as being behind. There's opportunities there and we've got customers that we work with in the past on big pipe that are certainly happy that we've got a presence in these areas and want us to participate in their gathering programs.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from the line of William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Yes, gentlemen, just a quick one. Can you give us an update on Valard and what that contribution was for the quarter? And is that still on track for fiscal '11 in terms of what you were expecting?
James Haddox: We don't typically drill down into the results of our operating units on the quarter. I mean, I've given you -- you can actually probably back into it because the differential in Electric Power growth was, instead of 55%, was 42% and 12% came from the new acquisitions. So you can probably back into it. But the Valard is doing well. I mean, the Valard is performing up to our expectations for 2011 and about what we expect it will do in 2012.
William D. Bremer - Maxim Group LLC, Research Division: Right. I mean, Valard was not 1 of the 4. It was acquired back in October of '10, correct?
James F. O'Neil: That's correct. October of '10. That's right.
Operator: Thank you. And management, there are no further questions in the queue at this time. Please continue.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank you all for participating in our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. And this concludes our call today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Again, this concludes the Quanta Services Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial (303) 590-3030 or the toll-free number of 1 (800) 406-7325 and enter the access code of 4483974. We'd like to thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Trawick - President of Telecommunications & Renewables Division James Haddox - Chief Financial Officer James O'Neil - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Kip Rupp - Founder and Managing Partner
Analysts: Scott Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Craig Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets LLC John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co. Jeffrey Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC Will Gabrielski - Gleacher & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, August 3, 2011. And I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kip Rupp, Vice President of Investor Relations for Quanta Services. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip Rupp: Great. Thank you, Alisa, and welcome, everyone, to Quanta Services conference call to review second quarter of 2011 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to have Quanta's news releases and other information emailed to you when they occur, please sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com. A replay of today's call will be available via webcast on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release.  Please remember the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 3, 2011. And therefore, you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include any statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained through the SEC's website at sec.gov.  With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim O'Neil, Quanta's President and CEO. Jim?
James O'Neil: Thanks, Kip. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I will start the call with an operational overview before I turn the call over to James Haddox, Quanta's CFO, to provide a detailed review of our second quarter financial results. Following James' comments, we will welcome your questions. Revenues for the second quarter increased 16.1% over the second quarter of last year to $1 billion. For the second quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.15 compared to diluted earnings per share of $0.16 in the second quarter of last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.19 compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.22 in the same quarter last year. Both our 12-month and total backlog at the end of the second quarter were at record levels. Our 12-month backlog at the end of the second quarter increased 19.3%, and total backlog increased 18.2% compared to backlog at the end of the second quarter of 2010.  During the quarter, our Electric Power segment generated revenues of $667 million, and revenues grew organically by 32% compared to the same period last year. We continue to see momentum build in this segment, and expect revenue growth and margin expansion throughout this year as we continue to mobilize on large transmission projects. The increase in Electric Power segment revenues was partially offset by our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment, which experienced a 20% decrease in revenues to $210 million compared to the same period last year. The revenue decline was due to continued delays in large diameter transmission pipeline work primarily related to regulatory headwinds. However, since the end of the quarter, we have been awarded approximately $150 million of transmission pipeline work, most of which is expected to generate fourth quarter revenues. We expect this momentum to build with future awards throughout the remainder of this year and 2012.  While our Telecommunications segment revenues were 10% lower for this quarter versus the same period last year, we anticipate this segment's revenues will begin to accelerate during the third quarter and continue throughout this year, driven by broadband stimulus, 4G and LTE opportunities. Overall, we are seeing positive trends across all of our operating segments as we move into the third quarter despite continued regulatory and environmental delays on some projects. Looking at our operating segments in more detail. Our Electric Power segment 12-month backlog as of the end of the second quarter increased 55.6%, and total backlog increased 22.5% as compared to the second quarter of 2010. We believe this industry is in early stages of unprecedented levels of transmission investment, as utilities interconnect new renewable energy-generating facilities to the electric grid and implement grid reliability initiatives. We are seeing a number of large electric transmission projects yet to be awarded in -- for the remainder of this year and in 2012. As construction capacity within this industry tightens, we believe Quanta continues to be well positioned for these opportunities. A few of the large transmission projects that we have already been awarded have been delayed from their original start dates due to permitting challenges, mostly from heightened environmental scrutiny and generally increased levels of government oversight. We are pleased to say that several of these projects are making progress toward resolution of these issues. Specifically, for Northeast Utilities, Greater Springfield Reliability project, we have been performing overhead work in the Oakland section of this project, and have begun substation work in Connecticut. We anticipate that Northeast Utilities will receive its required environmental permits for the wetlands portion of this project by the end of the third quarter, and Quanta will move into full construction on this project shortly thereafter. This project is the first of 3 major transmission programs for Northeast Utilities portion of the New England East-West Solution, or NEEWS, project.  Construction on San Diego Gas & Electric, Sunrise Powerlink project is progressing. Underhead, overhead and substation construction activities are well under way, and all of this project is now approximately 30% complete and on track to finish in the second half of 2012. We anticipate significantly increasing our workforce dedicated to this project throughout the balance of this year.  Regarding our work for Southern California Edison on the Tehachapi Segment 6 and 11 project. Development of material yards, material receipt and road work in process in support of Segment 6 mobilization. We expect to fully mobilize on Segment 6 by the end of this year. Segment 11 was initially scheduled to begin construction in May of 2013, but Southern Cal Edison has released a portion Segment 11 for completion this year, with the remainder of -- remainder to begin construction as planned in 2013.  The other large electric transmission projects that we have been awarded are progressing as expected. Our work for Central Maine Power's Main Reliability Program, National Grid's Rhode Island Reliability Program and Hydro One's Bruce to Milton line are all in full construction.  For ITC, we are performing transmission and substation upgrades across our 4 state area. And for ATC, we are performing transmission line and substation upgrades primarily in Wisconsin. We have begun construction on the Bemidji to Grand Rapids line, part of the Group 1 portion of the CapX2020 project.  Looking at our work related to the Competitive Renewable Energy Zone, or CREZ, we have begun our work for Lone Star Transmission, and we anticipate beginning additional transmission work for LCRA in the latter part of this year. In the second quarter, Sharyland Utilities awarded Quanta a contract for transmission and infrastructure services as part of the utilities CREZ initiative. The contract encompasses construction services for 3 segments of 345,000-volt lines, totaling approximately 220 miles. We expect to begin work for Sharyland at the end of the third quarter.  Also, in the second quarter, Electric Transmission Texas, or ETT, awarded Quanta a master service agreement for transmission and infrastructure services associated with CREZ projects. We anticipate that our work for ETT will begin in the second quarter of 2012. Contract negotiations with BC Hydro for the Northwest Transmission Line previously awarded to us is going well and should be finished soon. We anticipate beginning construction late in the fourth quarter of this year. This project is not reflected in our backlog at June 30. Barring any unforeseen regulatory hurdles or other anticipated delays, we estimate that revenues from our Electric Power segment could grow by more than 30% for the full year of 2011 as compared to the full year of 2010.  From the latter part of last year through the first half of this year, we have seen our customers increase spending on their distribution systems. We are encouraged by this increase and are cautiously optimistic, but are not yet convinced that the growth in distribution spending is sustainable. We continue to see activity opportunity for and interest in our solar engineering, procurement and construction, or EPC, offering. In the second quarter, we completed a 4.5-megawatt Denver International Airport Phase 3 project, and recently completed 3 solar projects jointly owned by Eurus Energy America and NRG Solar in Southern California totaling 46 megawatts.  In late July, we received our notice to proceed and have begun construction on Lincoln Renewable Energy's 10-megawatt Oak Solar facility in New Jersey, with anticipated completion in December of this year. While EPC's solar opportunities remain robust, we're seeing some solar developers contemplate delaying project starts to take advantage of a recent rapid decline in panel prices. However, this dynamic could be mitigated somewhat by solar developers rushing to complete 5% of their solar projects before year end to give full benefits from federal investment tax credits for their projects.  Despite these temporary delays, we continue to anticipate growth from solar this year. We generated approximately $106 million in renewable revenues during the first 6 months of this year, of which $90 million was related to solar and $16 million was attributable to wind power facilities. We expect spending related to wind generating facilities to decreased this year and remain challenging in 2012. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment 12-month and total backlog declined significantly in this year's second quarter compared to the second quarter of last year, primarily due to significantly less large transmission pipeline work. We continue to see increased regulatory and environmental scrutiny, causing delays for our customers in this segment and for certain transmission pipeline projects.  On our first quarter call, we communicated that we were exclusively negotiating our shortlist and on approximately $1.8 billion of work. Although a substantial amount of this work is yet to be awarded during the last month, we have been awarded $150 million in transmission pipeline projects, with the majority of this revenue expected to be recognized in this year's fourth quarter.  We expect continued momentum through the balance of this year and believe that 2012 will be an active year for our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment. To date, we have not had sufficient revenues and our pipeline transmission business to leverage cost associated with people and equipment, which has negatively impacted our margins through the first 6 months of this year. We remain bullish on the large project pipeline business given the future opportunities we see, which are being driven primarily by the development of unconventional shales and Canadian oil sands. In June, Quanta made an investment in Howard Midstream Energy Partners, LLC, or HEP, which operates midstream assets primarily in the Eagle Ford Shale. The Eagle Ford Shale is reported to have some of the best development economics of all the shale plays in the United States, and developers appear to be eager to quickly find, extract and transport product out. Due to the early stage of development of the Eagle Ford Shale, there's very little gathering or takeaway infrastructure. In fact, much of the product being produced in the Eagle Ford Shale today is being trucked out. We believe strategically partnering with HEP in the Eagle Ford will position Quanta for construction opportunities at attractive margins over time because of the need for large-scale, midstream gathering system solutions. And due to the year-round nature of the construction work, these opportunities could provide more visibility in revenue and backlog to offset some of the annual cyclicality and seasonality of the large transmission pipeline business.  Another area of opportunity for Quanta in the coming years is pipeline inspection, integrity testing and rehabilitation. Like the electric grid, much of the nation's pipeline infrastructure is approaching or beyond its useful life and needs significant maintenance or replacement. We believe heightened federal standards and regulatory requirements for more frequent and invasive testing will create growth opportunities for pipeline inspection and rehabilitation services.  And lastly, on the gas distribution side, we have completed the restructuring of our gas distribution operations and believe we are better positioned to successfully compete in this area. In addition, Quanta's transition to Puget Sound Energy's gas distribution system under our recent 5-year master service agreement is progressing as planned. Focusing now on our Telecommunications segment, our 12-month and total backlog for this segment increased 105% and 125% in the second quarter as compared to last year's second quarter. We continue to expect revenues for this segment to increase meaningfully through the second half of this year, driven largely by the ramp-up of broadband stimulus projects despite some regulatory hurdles. We continue to win additional broadband stimulus work in the second quarter and expect future awards through the rest throughout the rest of this year. However, we are seeing some Broadband stimulus project faced prolonged delays due to several unrelated dynamics.  First, heightened bureaucracy and required environmental impact studies for broadband stimulus projects have slowed the start of some projects.  For example, our work on the installation of a 1,600-mile fiber network across 39 counties in Pennsylvania for KINBER has experienced construction delays due to the environmental permitting requirements.  Second, the telecommunication industry is experiencing fiber delivery challenges. The manufacturing facility of a large Japanese-based global supplier of glass fibers that are used in the assembly of fiber optic cables was damaged due the earthquakes and tsunami in Japan earlier this year. As a result, delivery time for fiber optic cable has increased from 3 to 4 weeks prior to the disaster in Japan to as much as 26 weeks today.  Finally, flooding in the upper Midwest from heavy rain and melted snow from the previous winter have impacted construction start on some broadband stimulus projects in that area. We have had some notable successes for wireless in fiber to the cell site initiatives, and are continuing to see a great deal of activity in this area.  For fiber to the cell site, we recently completed the installation of fiber to approximately 350 cell sites for a customer in Las Vegas. In addition, Quanta was awarded a contract for the installation of fiber for up to 300 cell sites in West Virginia, and we were also awarded projects by the same customer to install fiber to cell sites in 7 Southern states. In our Wireless business, careers continue to optimize their networks and increase cell sites density to accommodate the exponential growth of wireless data used on their 3G networks.  Carriers are also in various stages of building out their wireless spectrum for the deployment of 4G services. Since 4G technology is being deployed using new spectrum, each carrier is effectively developing an entirely new national network. Thus, we believe the buildout of a national 4G network will not be a short-term phenomenon, but it could take 5 to 10 years to achieve effective nationwide 4G coverage. Related to the 3G and 4G buildout, we were recently awarded a 3-year contract from a wireless infrastructure customer primarily for new cell site construction.  Revenues in our Fiber Optic Licensing segment increased 5.2% when compared to the second quarter of 2010. We are seeing solid demand for our network in the Southern California market, which is one of our newer markets, in particular from school systems and carriers. We see encouraging signs that indicate revenue growth could accelerate later this year and into 2012 in this segment.  In summary, we are pleased with our results for the second quarter. We're seeing a number of large transmission projects beginning as scheduled in the third quarter, and expect them to ramp up through the fourth quarter and beyond. Though we are seeing heightened regulatory and environmental scrutiny impacting some electric transmission projects, these projects are now starting to move toward construction. While the circumstances that impact project timing are out of our control and can be frustrating, we see a significant amount of opportunity with growing infrastructure investment across the industries we serve, and believe that Quanta is in the beginning -- is beginning to enter a period that could be the most exciting time in our company's history.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to James to review the details of our second quarter financial results. James?
James Haddox: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.01 billion for the second quarter of 2011 compared to $870.5 million in the prior-year second quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 16.1% quarter-over-quarter. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $31.8 million or $0.15 per diluted share.  The growth in consolidated revenues in 2Q '11 was driven primarily by an increase in revenues from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment up 44% quarter-over-quarter. A portion of this growth resulted from an acquisition during the fourth quarter of 2010. However, excluding the acquisition, the Electric Power segment's revenues would've grown 32.1% quarter-over-quarter. This revenue increase was partially offset by a 20.3% decrease in revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment.  Our consolidated gross margin declined from 17.9% in 2Q '10 to 15.2% in 2Q '11. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of lower overall revenues from natural gas transmission projects on this segment's ability to cover fixed cost and to a lesser extent, the completion of certain higher-margin electric transmission projects during the 3 months ended June 30, 2010, as compared to margins on electric transmission projects that we're in earlier stages of completion during the second quarter of 2011. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $7.4 million to $89.5 million as compared to last year's second quarter. We completed an acquisition during the fourth quarter of 2010, which resulted in an increase in G&A expenses of approximately $3 million quarter-over-quarter. Selling, general and admin expenses also increased as a result of $1.5 million on higher salaries and benefits costs associated with additional personnel and salary increases. Selling, general and admin expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased from 9.4% in 2Q of 2010 to 8.9% in 2Q of 2011, primarily due to the increase in revenues.  Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense increased from 8.5% in 2Q '10 -- I'm sorry, decreased from 8.5% in 2Q '10 to 6.3% in 2Q '11 as a result of the gross margin effects I previously discussed. Amortization of intangible assets decreased from $9.1 million in 2Q '10 to $6.9 million in 2Q '11 due to the runoff of amortization-related backlog and other intangible assets recorded from our prior acquisitions, partially offset by an increase in amortization related to intangibles such as with the acquisition we completed in the fourth quarter of 2010. Moving further down into the details of our results by segment. The Electric Power segment revenues were up about $203.7 million quarter-over-quarter or as I previously said, about 44%. Revenues were favorably impacted by $55 million in revenues contributed by our fourth quarter 2010 acquisition. The remaining increase was due primarily to higher revenues from transmission projects and an increase in other electric power infrastructure services primarily due to increased spending by our customers.  Additionally, emergency restoration revenues increased $32 million to $48.8 million in the second quarter of 2011. The operating margin in the Electric Power segment was 10.5% in the second quarter compared to 10.9% in last year's second quarter, primarily due to a more competitive pricing environment for our distribution services and higher margins associated with the closeout of certain electric transmission projects during 2010 as compared to electric transmission projects which are at earlier stages of completion in 2011 and still include contingencies. These decreases were partially offset by the impact of increased emergency restoration services which typically generate higher margins. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues decreased quarter-over-quarter approximately 20.3% to about $209.7 million in 2Q '11, primarily due to a decrease in the number and size of natural gas transmission projects as a result of delayed spending by our customers. Operating margins in the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment was a negative 0.6% in 2Q '11 compared to a positive 9.8% in 2Q '10. This decrease is primarily due to the lower overall segment revenues described above, which negatively impacted the segment's ability to cover equipment and operating overhead cost, as well as administrative cost.  Revenues from our Telecommunications segment decreased approximately $11.2 million or 9.6% to approximately $106.4 million in 2Q '11, primarily due to the impact of a long-haul fiber project completed last year and the absence of comparable work this quarter. Operating margin in the Telecommunications segment was 8.5% in 2Q '11 compared to 6.5% in 2Q '10. This increase in margin is primarily due to an increase in the proportion of telecom revenues coming from higher-margin engineering services associated with broadband stimulus work, as well as lower selling, general and admin expenses during 2Q '11 as compared to 2Q '10 that resulted from the restructuring of certain operating units, which reduced the overall amount of the fixed admin costs associated with this segment. Fiber optic Licensing segment revenues were approximately $27.8 million for the second quarter of 2011, reflecting an increase of about 5.2% from 2Q '10 as a result of an increase in spending on network construction by our customers. Operating margin in the fiber optic licensing segment was 47.5% in 2Q '11, which is lower than operating margin of 52.6% in 2Q of '10, primarily due to higher network maintenance costs being incurred during the period and higher construction revenues in 2Q '11 which bear lower margins than the fiber optic licensing portion of the segment.  When discussing operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and admin expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effect of such expenses. Corporate and unallocated costs remain relatively constant in the second quarter of 2011 as compared to 2Q of 2010. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $31.8 million or $0.15 per diluted share. Net income attributable to common stock in 2Q of '10 was $33 million or $0.16 per diluted share. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, as calculated in today's press release, was $0.19 for the second quarter of 2011 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.22 for 2Q of '10. Cash flow used in operations less net capital expenditures of about $50.8 million resulted in approximately $5.3 million in free cash flow for the quarter. This compares to prior year's second quarter which had free cash flow of $4.4 million. EBITA for the second quarter of 2011 was $64.6 million or 6.4% of revenues compared to about $73.9 million or 8.5% of revenues for the second quarter of 2010. Adjusted EBITDA was about $97.4 million for the second quarter of 2011 compared to $106.2 million for the second quarter of 2010. Our days sales outstanding, or DSOs, were 75 days at June 30, 2011, versus 84 days at March 31 of 2011 and 79 days at June 30, 2010. The calculation of EBITA and EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and DSOs can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at www.quantaservices.com. At the end of the quarter, we had about $380.4 million in cash. We also had $187.5 million in letters of credit outstanding under our $475 million credit facility primarily to secure our insurance program, with no outstanding loans. Yesterday, we entered into an amended and restated senior secured revolving credit facility. The amendment expands our senior secured revolving credit facility to $700 million from $475 million, and extends the maturity date to August 2, 2016. Terms are generally consistent with the terms of the previous credit facility, except the costs will increase slightly as the credit markets are very different than the markets of 2007, when we last amended the credit facility. The new credit facility gives us increased flexibility to fund our current growth opportunities on both the domestic and international fronts. Considering our cash and outstanding letters of credit at June 30, this expanded facility gives us nearly $900 million in total liquidity.  Also, during the quarter ended June 30, 2011, our Board of Directors authorized us to purchase up to $150 million of our outstanding common stock. We have repurchased a total of approximately 4.9 million shares in the open market, for a total cost of approximately $94.5 million. All repurchases were paid for with cash on hand. We have approximately $55 million remaining under the program, and we may opportunistically continue open-market repurchases during the rest of the year.  We also made an investment in June in a midstream services company, Howard Midstream Energy Partners, which is focused on operating, developing, constructing and owning midstream energy infrastructure assets primarily within the Eagle Ford Shale play here in Texas. We acquired a minority equity ownership interest of approximately 39% in Howard for a capital contribution of $35 million. We will account for this investment using the equity method of accounting, and we will report our share of Howard's results of operations as equity and earnings of unconsolidated affiliate within other income and expense. We invested alongside Crosstech's energy services, an independent midstream services company and a customer of Quanta who made an equal investment for the same equity percentage and under the same turn terms.  Concerning our outlook for the future, our estimate for 3Q '11 EPS based on revenues of between $1.16 billion to $1.3 billion is $0.21 to $0.27 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to $0.30 in GAAP EPS in 3Q of '10. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 3Q '11 includes an estimate of $13 million for noncash comp expenses and amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter is expected to be $0.25 to $0.31. We expect revenues for the fourth quarter of 2011 to range between $1.28 billion and $1.44 billion, and diluted earnings per share to be $0.38 to $0.42. We expect adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, for the fourth quarter of 2011 to be $0.42 to $0.46. This non-GAAP measure is calculated on the same basis as an historical adjusted diluted earnings per share presented in this release.  Amortization of intangibles and noncash stock compensation expense are forecasted to be approximately $12 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. Our expectation of higher revenues and higher margins in the fourth quarter of 2011 is based upon the ramp-up to full staffing on several electric transmission jobs, and the natural gas transmission jobs that Jim mentioned previously being performed in the fourth quarter, thereby absorbing the segment's equipment and overhead costs.  Our estimate for 2011 EPS based on revenues of between $4.3 billion and $4.6 billion is $0.65 to $0.75 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to $0.72 in GAAP EPS in 2010. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2011 includes an estimate of $50 million for noncash compensation expenses and amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for 2011 are expected to be $0.80 to $0.90.  We are currently forecasting net income attributable to non-controlling interest to be approximately $2.8 million in the third quarter of 2011 and $10.2 million for the year. This ramp-up in 2011 is due to increases in work on existing joint venture projects, as well as increased amounts associated with our contract with Central Maine Power.  For additional guidance, we're currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 39.5% to 40% for 2011. We expect our diluted share count to be about 211 million shares for the third and fourth quarters of 2011. We expect CapEx for all of 2011 to be approximately $180 million to $200 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing segment of about $35 million. This compares to total CapEx for all of 2010 of $150 million.  This concludes our formal presentation. We will now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sanjay Shrestha from Lazard Capital Markets.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: My first question is with the changing mix of your backlog with a significant chunk of your backlog now being Electric Power, and it looks like there's a lot of transmission business. So is it fair to assume that it's not only that your backlog is up a lot on a year-over-year basis, but the inherent profit in that backlog is also significantly better compared to last year, so we should see both top line and the margin expansion going forward?
James Haddox: Yes, Sanjay, that's right. The margins in our backlog on all of the segments are very comparable or higher except on the Natural Gas segment. The Natural Gas segment, because of the revenues being down and the -- at least as of the end of June, backlog being down on Natural Gas caused lower margins on Natural Gas because of the fixed costs associated with that segment.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. Then one quick follow-up for me guys. So given what's happening in the -- maybe it's better a question for Jim. Given what's happening in the solar module prices right now, are you guys starting to see some of the Asian players come to you and trying to tie up some sort of a strategic relationship because you are channeled to the U.S. market and presenting a pretty attractive pricing as well as nice margin and growth opportunity for you guys? Are you starting to see that yet?
James O'Neil: I mean, Sanjay, I think that there's just an oversupply of panels right now. And I think that the Chinese panel suppliers are motivated to move product right now. So we are having some more strategic conversations with several of those folks. But I don't think that, that's going to -- I think this is a 6-month or maybe a little bit longer phenomenon. I think prices will start coming up because we do see a significant amount of solar opportunities over the next few months and into 2012.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I hope that didn't count as my first question, because my first question is, if you look at 2011 guidance, you've taken your revenues up, which is very comforting, but if you look at your EPS guidance that's down a bit. Could you talk about whether that's just revenue mix versus what your initial expectations were or whether you're being more cautious around perhaps execution of pricing as we go into the second half of the year?
James Haddox: Tahira, let me -- I'll try to answer that question. A part of the increased revenue guidance resulted from the second quarter because actually exceeded the top of our revenue guidance by $35 million, and we -- but we hit the middle of the EPS guidance that we gave. And that was due to a mix issue relative to electric being higher and gas being lower and gas having higher fixed costs. The revenue -- the rest of the revenue increase is due to the improved visibility based on receiving notices to proceed and increases in backlog and based on historical trends, in other words, what we have in backlog versus what we're projecting. The rest of the EPS being lowered is due to the risk associated with timing of the startup and absorption of fixed cost on the gas side and other startup costs, and potential weather issues while we're starting projects in the fourth quarter, which can be subject to winter weather.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Great. That is very helpful. Second follow-up question for me, you still have a lot of pipeline opportunities, obviously, about $1.8 billion. You received $150 million in the third quarter. Could you talk about really the rest of the opportunities that $1.8 billion minus $150 million and whatever you may now have won, and really the split between perhaps Midstream, i.e. shale-oriented work versus large diameter work within that?
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, there's going to be significant large diameter work in the Eagle Ford, and we're certainly looking at those opportunities. In regards to the $1.8 billion, the $150 million was expected in that $1.8 billion, and we're going to continue to see -- over the remainder of the year, we're confident we'll start to see some of that $1.8 billion coming out, some of these large projects coming out and moving in to construction hopefully in the fourth quarter but certainly into 2012. The third quarter is going to be a little bit pretty much like the second on the pipeline business. We're going to see strong growth depending upon whether some of these projects start in the last month the quarter or not. But certainly, there are several big pipeline projects that won't -- the $150 million, the majority of that has to be completed by the end of the year, and they're late third quarter and fourth quarter starts.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG: It's actually Peter Chang in for Jamie. First question. Last quarter, you guys were willing to put out some forecasts for the gas and telecom segment sales for the year. Are you guys sticking with the down 29% in gas with this $150 million in awards booked, mostly with this burning in Q4, and then with the 20% to 25% sales growth in the telecom segment?
James O'Neil: Peter, I'm not going to give you a number. I can tell you directionally that we're encouraged by what we're seeing in gas. I mean, we pretty much filled the uncommitted backlog for the year that we had given last quarter. And we certainly anticipate some more awards to come out this year, whether they start in the fourth quarter, which we believe some will. And certainly, there'll be projects for next year that will be announced here over the next few months and throughout the year. So it could be that gas won't be down as much as we originally anticipated or we anticipated last quarter, but we will have to see what comes out over the next few months. I don't want to get too bullish there until we have more visibility.
Peter Chang - Crédit Suisse AG: Got you. That's fair. On the pricing environment for the transmission projects, I appreciate that transmission is now a larger part of your backlog, which should drive margins, but, also, it seems like a lot of transmission projects have been awarded. You picked up a fair share. Does that mean -- is it fair to say that capacity has been taken out and you guys have been getting better pricing than maybe what you were awarded earlier this year and even last year in that segment?
James O'Neil: I think capacity is tightening, and I think on projects going forward, you will probably see some improved pricing because there's a supply and demand issue. I think we're well positioned to take advantage of projects that will be bid out going forward at the end of this year and into next year and beyond. And I think there'll be fewer people participating in that bidding process. So I think pricing should improve.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Will Gabrielski with Gleacher & Company.
Will Gabrielski - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Just -- can you talk about the Howard investment, how you see that playing out and progressing, and what we should expect from that over the next year, 24 months?
James O'Neil: Certainly. We're in the very early innings, I would say, in the Eagle Ford. We've got some major E&P companies that leased up significant acreage and that have very aggressive build programs. They're looking for more solution, for somebody to come in and do a full turnkey, whether it's a build on and operator build on and transfer model. And we can play a key role in that where we can provide project management capabilities, engineering capabilities. We've got some specialized services, which we wouldn't have had that opportunity if we wouldn't have partnered with the folks that are in the HEP partnership. In the traditional model, we would've gone in and competed for construction opportunities, and we probably wouldn't have been very successful. So what we're trying to do is move up the value chain and provide solutions for these E&Ps with the right team of people in order to meet their objectives to develop that field and produce product in a very accelerated time frame.
Will Gabrielski - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then my follow-up, just broadly speaking on the transmission market. It's been a heck of a run over the last 3 or 4 quarters for everybody in terms of booking work. And now you're talking about execution phases, but how would you compare the next 12 months of bidding opportunities versus the last 12 months? And how should we think about that market developing from here with tighter capacity potentially as you execute more work?
James O'Neil: Well, we see a significant amount of projects coming out over the next -- the rest of this year and into next year. And it may not be the same volume that we've seen over the last 12 months, but it will certainly be close. So we're excited about it. We're positioned to capitalize on these opportunities, and we're looking forward to seeing what comes out over the next few months.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC: I really wanted to focus a little bit on Q4 and then the guidance you guys put out. I mean it's a huge pickup from Q3. I was wondering if you could characterize a little bit of the improvement, number one. Is it really coming from better utilization on the electric side or better margins on pipe? If you could just sort of talk -- if you could just sort of walk us through your thought process on the Q4 guidance?
James O'Neil: Well, I'll talk to you operationally about what's changing. I mean, I think we're going to mobilize probably on 4 or 5 large transmission projects at the end of the third quarter or at the beginning of the fourth quarter. So that's certainly going to help EPS. You're also mobilizing on these large pipeline projects. And if you've got about $150 million in revenue, you really going to be able to leverage those fixed costs that have been a drag on earnings in the second and third quarter. And then you've got your telecom business and renewable opportunities. Telecom continues to expand. Renewables, we're going to have some renewable work where developers are trying to get 5% of their project spent at least before the end of the year. And we see some November starts. And then we've got some significant opportunities in Canada on the pipeline work where the work has to be done during the winter weather that are presenting themselves here over the last few weeks. So with all of those activities ramping up and we're gaining momentum on all of our segments, we expect a really nice fourth quarter.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC: Got it. And with the benefit of hindsight, when you look back to when your -- the guidance for the year that you gave after the Q1 call, would you say the breakdown Q4, Q3 now is similar to them? Or does it look like maybe there's a little bit more work in Q4 with your current view than maybe there was in your prior view?
James O'Neil: I'm not sure I understand the question. A little bit more what in the fourth quarter? I think we're shifting more pipeline revenues, for sure. And we expected earlier, when we gave guidance earlier this year, to have consistency of work and, certainly, mobilizing in the second quarter on pipeline, ramping up in the third, and then just ramping down in the fourth. But now, everything is getting pushed into the fourth, and so we have had some shifting of pipeline. I think we've had delays in transmission starts as well, so we have -- had a little bit of that compression into the second half of this year as well, because a lot of projects were starting in the late third quarter and early in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: First, as it relates to the gas pipeline project that you're awarded after the quarter, that's going to hit the fourth quarter, are there any pending regulatory or permits required for that project to move forward?
James O'Neil: From what we understand, Alex, that project has received the regulatory approvals to move forward. We're in the contract negotiation phase right now, and it should move forward into construction or it will. I mean the project has to be built by the end of the year. So we expect construction start very late in the third quarter, certainly in the beginning of the fourth quarter.
Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And secondly, on the Howard investment, why exactly did you opt to invest in the parent company of Howard rather than own the contract or embed it into that organization and/or why didn't you try to possibly have the opportunity to be the contractor underneath that parent organization?
James O'Neil: Well, I think the balance sheet means a lot to help -- I mean we actually helped put this partnership together. I think that's important. I think we need -- they needed the capital to help grow their strategic plans. So there would be opportunities to engage these E&Ps to build their gathering systems. If we were to just go in as a traditional contractor, we would've probably competed against 5 or 6 other guys that wanted to try to do the same thing. But bringing our balance sheet forward and making an investment put us on the team and allow us to be part of that overall solution that will be provided to these E&Ps to build their gathering fields, in the pipeline infrastructure out of those fields.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wittmann with Robert W. Baird & Co.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I wanted to dig a little bit more into the pipeline business, and specifically kind of get your thoughts on the overall business kind of [ph] x Keystone, obviously, that's been put out there as a potential boon for 2012. But what's that business look like on the large diameter pipeline side? Are you still bullish x Keystone? And then just as it relates to Keystone, can you just talk about your competitive positioning there? We do know that, that's a union job. Can you talk about the -- maybe the percentage of the spreads that are out there that you own, inclusive only of the union work?
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I don't know if -- we probably would guide 9, spreads of capacity as far as that splits up union, non-union, predominantly all union. Our spreads are predominantly all union. As a percentage of the union market, it's probably close to half of the union market. As far as the Keystone XL project, that our opportunities, all I can say is that we've been -- TransCanada has been a preferred customer of ours. We've done good work for them. We've got a good relationship with them. And we're hopeful that we'll be selected to build out part of that project going forward. That's going to be disappointing if we weren't, so -- but that's all I can really say on that right now.
Andrew Wittmann - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just on large diameter pipeline exclusive of Keystone, are you still feeling pretty bullish about that? We had -- Ruby went into operation, I guess, last week. There's been some people I guess talking that, that market might be weakening a little bit. It sounds like your commentary is a little bit more bullish. I just wanted to try to get a little bit better sense of your confidence in the long -- large diameter long-haul work.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, we are confident that there is some projects that we are exclusively negotiating on or have been through the bidding process or on that final -- in the final group, that's going to potentially be selected. Contractors still to be selected. We're seeing opportunities, and we expect there'll be more announcements between now and the end of the year. So, yes, we are bullish on the pipeline work in the second half or in the fourth quarter this year and certainly in 2012.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: You said that you're seeing some improvement in distribution demand, electric distribution, but you're not convinced it's sustainable. Why not?
James O'Neil: Well, I think it's really tied to the economy, and I don't think we've seen an economic recovery that -- and distribution is going to be tied to housing starts or an economic recovery. So we are encouraged by the signs that we're seeing today. There has been increased spending from the fourth quarter and through the first half of this year. We hope it's sustainable. But to get real sustainability, we think it's going to be tied to an overall economic recovery. And it just -- we just don't have clarity to that right now. But certainly, we hope it will continue. The trend right now looks like it's improving, but we'll have to see as we get into the end of the year whether that holds true.
Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: That's helpful. And then on the new wireless contract, you guys -- that was a 3-year contract for new cell site construction. What are your revenue expectations from that contract?
Kenneth Trawick: This is Ken Trawick. It's hard to predict. We've got very modest backlog associated with what our expectations are to be with a tower company that builds towers. We have to negotiate it with carriers to build towers for them, and then once they have established that relationship, we begin to get more visibility on how many towers and what areas of the country we will be able to participate in. So it's a little early to understand what the full potential of that could be.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Irwin from Wedbush Securities.
Craig Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc.: I was hoping for a little bit more color on the 4 projects in the first quarter. The status of any negotiations for the change orders or any update on the potential timeline for us to get visibility there.
James Haddox: Craig, this is James. We have moved through that process at about the normal pace you would expect for something like that. We have received approval of about half of the change orders. We're still working on the rest of them. It's difficult to predict how they're going to come out at this point in time, but we've been fairly successful on at least the first half level. And during the quarter, we recognized somewhere between $5 million to $7 million. It's a little difficult because a lot of it is or a portion of it is tied up in PLC accounting. So we recognized $5 million to $7 million of profit. I think at the last conference call, we said we thought we would get $8 million to $10 million this year. And it's difficult to say where we are on that. I think that's probably still a good estimate. We're just moving forward through the process and having about the success that we expected to have.
Craig Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Great. Then moving on to the renewables side. It sounds like this is a business that's really gaining momentum for you. Can you quantify for us what sort of acceleration you'll be looking at second half versus first half? $106 million, pretty strong execution there, but is this a business that could double, triple, maybe go up more than that? I mean, can you help us sort of put some basic boundaries around that?
James O'Neil: Craig, solar's been doubling for us over the last couple of years. I think that, that trend, we'll continue to see double-digit growth in solar. I think we're seeing bigger projects come out. And the risk there, again, it's when does the project go. You've got the whole environmental regulatory issue that our customers have to get through. Now we've got this panel pricing dynamic. But overall, we're seeing some big, bigger projects come out that we feel we have a -- we've got a limited notice to proceed on one that we have expected would start into full construction in August. And it doesn't look like that's going to start until potentially November of this year, but they're bigger projects. And I think you'll see that translate into backlog potentially, total backlog versus how much we do this year versus next year, because some of these bigger projects are going to take 2.5, 3 years to build. But overall, the solar environment right now is strong in the U.S., and I think that will continue at least for the next 2 years. Beyond that, we don't really have good visibility, but I'm comfortable that solar will grow over the next few years.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Scott Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Looking for a little bit more color regarding the seasonality of the business. I can appreciate that some of the large job mobilization is driving maybe a more back-ended year than is typical, but -- and maybe there isn't any such thing as a typical year anymore with large projects. But can you help give us a sense of what the -- how we should think about typical seasonality in the business. Or maybe in looking at your history, how that seasonality may have changed with the large diameter gas business that you have so we can start thinking about how to model quarters in 2012 and beyond?
James O'Neil: In the fourth quarter, weather is always your biggest risk, and especially when we have this amount of work that we intend to execute. I think one of the things that are going offset that is our continued increase in Canada, increase of opportunities and revenues in Canada. A lot of that work has to be done in the winter. So that's going offset some of the weather issues in the U.S. potentially if we don't get extremely harsh weather like we did last year, if we return to more normal weather patterns. But weather is the big risk factor when you're doing as much work in the fourth quarter. And I will just have to -- we'll just have to deal with that as it comes. I mean many of these projects are in the Northeast that we're trying to execute right now, in these large transmission projects. But a lot of it is also in South Texas, so we should have good weather conditions in the CREZ zone and on these pipeline projects that we're going to do in the Eagle Ford area.
James Haddox: To follow up on that, I think we're still going to have some seasonality involved in our business. I mean, you just can't help but have seasonality with the first quarter being the lowest quarter and the third quarter typically being the highest quarter. But I think that some of these big projects that we've been talking about. That's what's making it tough to model seasonality. I think they're going to mitigate some of the drastic difference between the first quarter and the third quarter, but you're still -- you still got to factor in a lower first quarter. And then the second quarter and fourth quarter are typically about the same. That depends on winter weather and storm work, and the third quarter still the largest. I would continue to model them in that order. But I think that the drastic difference that you see between the first quarter and third quarter is mitigated by the large projects.
Scott Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co: [indiscernible] is different here in that regard. Final question then on cash flow deployment. You know you've got the buyback. You also expanded the buyback. Can you talk about whether your priorities have changed there at all and maybe discuss some of your current interest around M&A investment presently?
James Haddox: I don't think that you say that our priorities have really changed. I mean, we have added the stock buyback to the mix, where before it was kind of down. Now it's obviously closer to the top of the list. But I think the priorities are still working capital to fund these large projects that were being awarded and to give us a competitive advantage on some of the other large projects that are yet to be awarded followed by M&A. We're still active on the M&A front. So I think priorities are about the same.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Beach with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'd like you to discuss the gas operations outside of Price Gregory. It's a fairly large operation. I think a lot of gathering and small diameter pipeline and other businesses. Are you targeting a lot of these shale fields? What's going on with the revenues? What's the size of the opportunity? What's the margin profile outside of Price Gregory? Can you expand on that?
James O'Neil: Jeff, we're actually in the process of setting up shops local to some of these shale fields so that we can do some of that midstream work, some of the compressor and metering stations, some of the smaller, shorter-length pipeline construction projects. So that is a huge opportunity for us. It's not just big pipe. And the pipeline integrity work is going to be huge going forward, we believe, and we're well positioned with that. We've got a very well-known company that does pipeline integrity and rehabilitation work. And we've got significant opportunities to grow that business going forward. So in our Distribution business, we're excited about our Puget contract, on this gas distribution 5-year contract that we have with Puget. We've reorganized our gas business to be more competitive. It's a very competitive market. So we have to figure out how we can compete and be profitable in that business, and we feel like we've adjusted that organization or right-sized it to where we can compete more in distribution. So I think all around, even though distribution is still off because of the economy, I think all around our gas business, we should see some improvements going forward, not only in the big pipe work, but the other areas of our gas business.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Can you put some -- a little bit of growth or numbers around the x Price Gregory, or give us the Price Gregory revenues in the second quarter? When I look at the level of revenues, it doesn't look like, unless Price Gregory is down almost nothing like you're seeing strong growth and acceleration in your Natural Gas business, but is this something coming ahead here over the next few quarters?
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, as we move into 2012, we should see acceleration. I don't know if we're prepared to put growth numbers around these subsectors within the gas segment. I can tell you that Price Gregory has had very little revenues in the second quarter, and that the significant part of the revenues have been from the other part, as they have been in Canada from and from the other parts of our gas business.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of John Rogers with D.A. Davidson & Co.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: A couple of things. First of all, just in terms of the projects that you're talking about on the larger transmission projects -- pipeline projects, can you talk a little bit about the pricing in terms for these projects? Is it changing at all, fixed price, unit price, especially as capacity tightens up?
James O'Neil: They are typically lump sum projects that have more risk, and we price those projects according to the risk that we're taking. Our pricing philosophy hasn't changed on our pipeline business over the past several years, and it won't change going forward.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And on the transmission business?
James O'Neil: That's what I'm talking about.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I mean as for the Electric Transmission business. Sorry.
James O'Neil: The Electric Transmission business, as the capacity tightens in the market, you'll probably have opportunities to move margins up slightly in that business over time. But we certainly make healthy margins there today, and our pricing philosophy there hasn't change, and it won't change going forward.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And you're seeing that now in terms of the margins?
James O'Neil: Seeing what now?
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I'm sorry. The better pricing on the projects, on the buildup in backlog you're getting now.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, as we get projects going forward and the capacity is going to certainly be tightened in the industry going forward, we will see opportunities to improve pricing with some customers, yes.
Operator: And, gentlemen, there are no questions in queue at this time. Please continue.
James O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank you for all participating in our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Quanta Services Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial 1(800)406-7325 and enter the access code of 4458904. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Kenneth Trawick - President of Telecommunications & Renewables Division James O'Neil - President and Chief Operating Officer James Haddox - Chief Financial Officer John Colson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Merger, Acquisition & Disposition Committee and Chairman of Small Merger, Acquisition & Disposition Committee Kip Rupp - Founder and Managing Partner
Analysts: Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, May 4, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp, with DRG&L. Please go ahead.
Kip Rupp: Great. Thank you, Alicia, and welcome, everyone, to Quanta Services conference call to review our first quarter of 2011 results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to be on the email or fax distribution list to receive future press releases for Quanta, or if you had any technical difficulty this morning and did not receive your email or fax, please call our offices at DRG&L at (713) 529-6600. You can also sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com. A replay of today's call will be available via webcast on Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, a telephonic recorded instant replay will be available for the next 7 days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 4, 2011, and therefore you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include any statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict to or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management caution is that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Colson, Quanta's Chairman and CEO. John?
John Colson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. To start the call this morning, I will provide a summary of the quarter results with added insight on the impact of current industry circumstances and overall economic conditions. My comments will be followed by an operational review by Jim O'Neil, President and Chief Operating Officer; and a review of financial results by James Haddox, Chief Financial Officer. Following our remarks, we'll welcome your questions. Revenues for the first quarter increased [Audio Gap] is related to permitting and regulatory issues. This, coupled with other items, had a significant negative impact on operating income for the quarter. Our expectation at the time of our fourth quarter conference call was to achieve diluted earnings per share between $0.02 and $0.03. However, we are reporting today a first quarter of 2011 loss of $0.08 per diluted share. The first quarter shortfall was attributable to the following issues: 2 gas transmission pipeline projects underperformed; 1 project incurred cleanup costs of $10 million more than expected as the project schedule required it to be completed; and unpredictable winter weather. Restrictive regulations imposed by the Bureau of Land Management compounded this negative outcome. Another pipeline project was $16 million less profitable than forecasted. This project had been bid before we owned the company and was delayed 2 years, resulting in additional costs which are currently being negotiated under a change order. A small portion of the project was performed during the fourth quarter of 2010. However, the substantial majority of the work was performed and completed during the first quarter. The project was located northwest of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and was significantly impacted by exceptional snowfall and warm weather, as well as complicated directional drilling. Also, construction start delays occurred on 3 major electric power transmission projects: Southern California Edison's Tehachapi project Segment 6 was delayed due to the prolonged permitting process for construction in the Angeles National Forest.  The overhead portion of San Diego Gas & Electric Sunrise PowerLink project and Northeast Utilities Greater Springfield Reliability project were also impacted by similar environmental forbidding delays. Lastly, mostly due to these and other project delays, we had higher unallocated equipment costs as transmission equipment remained idle while waiting on these jobs to start. These costs and delays, along with other circumstances, resulted in submitted and pending change orders and claims in excess of over $60 million. Because of existing ongoing negotiations, uncertainty regarding the timing of booking these change orders and the potential for additional delays and subsequent costs that could impact the amounts claimed, none of the claims are included in our first quarter results. We expect positive contributions to the future earnings as these negotiations progress throughout the remainder of the year. Two other issues affected the quarter. We reorganized the distribution portion of our Natural Gas division to reflect current demand and to effectively meet customer needs. Severance and other reorganization costs of approximately $2 million were incorporated in the quarter results. The more majority of which were originally anticipated to occur later in the year. Additionally, we mobilized under our new gas outsourcing agreement with Puget Sound Energy. This resulted in approximately $2 million of start up costs that will be recouped as the job progresses. A portion of these costs were originally anticipated to occur later in the year, but these costs were, nonetheless, higher than we anticipated during the first quarter. Jim will provide additional information on the near and far term expectations of these projects and current timelines.  The U.S. Chamber of Commerce recently commissioned an economic study of delayed energy projects. They identified 351 projects that had been delayed due to regulatory inefficiencies, permitting delays or NIMBY, or "not in my back yard" issues. Of the 351 projects, 30 were electric power transmission projects and more than 40 were related to natural gas and oil projects.  As discussed in our fourth quarter and year end conference call, we knew that the first quarter, which is seasonally the worst quarter, would continue to present a tough operating environment. At the time of our last call though, we did not anticipate that some of our larger projects would continue to be subject to delays. It is important to note that we believe these are short-term circumstances. Also, as we move forward through the year on numerous Electric Power and Natural Gas contracts, we remain, as always, committed to ensuring acceptable margins.  While we experienced delays at construction starts, we believe these are temporary setbacks and not indicative of larger problems. It remains a commitment by our customers, the nation's leading utilities, to strengthen the power grid system and integrate renewable resources into the grid. Our optimism at the second quarter of 2011 will bring increased project activity remains valid for several reasons: Transmission projects will start in 2011, while they have been slower to start than anticipated, business backlog is building for later in 2011 and into 2012 and beyond. Electric Power transmission and distribution spending is expected to increase approximately 14% over the next 2 years according to the Edison Electric Institute.  The first quarter saw a continued momentum behind Texas Competitive Renewable Energy Zone, or CREZ, transmission build-out. We expect several additional CREZ utilities field work contracts in the coming weeks. There has been some stabilization of the housing market with sales of new homes rising 12% in March. Housing starts are a prerequisite to distribution spending. Looking to the future, industry experts project an increase of power investment over the next several years. Organizations such as Edison Electric Institute and the North American Electric Reliability Council stand by their projections that investment in reliability and interconnections will increase every year for the next 5 to 10 years. We believe that Quanta remains the leader in providing electric transmission infrastructure services, and that through our commitment to ensuring value for all of our stakeholders while delivering efficient project management and applying our safety leadership capabilities keeps us the leader in the delivery of infrastructure services. The Pipeline industry remains in somewhat of a holding pattern as politics determine the fate of many large pipeline projects. Yet our nation seeks to reduce dependence on foreign energy resources. As we watch gasoline prices rise, the focus on exploring and leveraging domestic shale resources is returning. We continue to see activity increase relative to the CREZ exploration of U.S. shale formations and the Canadian oil sands, and believe we are well-positioned to support the transport of product from these sources. Our Telecommunications division performed as we anticipated with relatively flat revenues. We do not anticipate that revenues in this area will begin to -- we do anticipate that revenues in this area will begin to increase in the second quarter, with the second half of the year seeing significant project activity as stimulus projects get into full strength. Jim will provide more details concerning our Telecom segment in his remarks.  Our first quarter was challenging due to 4 Pipeline segment results, unallocated idle equipment costs associated with electric transmission delays, as well as start up costs and reorganization costs in our Natural Gas Distribution operations. We expect the second quarter to be a transition period, the second half this year to be robust in the Electric Power and Telecom segments. We anticipate several meaningful electric transmission announcements over the next several weeks, and if we are successful, these projects will have a significant positive impact on this year's results.  Despite the current challenges, we remain optimistic about the long-term outlook for Quanta. Reflecting this optimism, our Board approved a stock purchase program authorizing Quanta [audio gap to purchase up to $100 million of common stock in the open market or otherwise from time to time. Given our strong balance sheet and substantial free cash flow generated over the last several years, we are pleased to have the ability to continue funding our growth strategy, while enhancing stockholder returns. As you know, this is my last quarter to address our stakeholders as the CEO of Quanta. On May 19, I will take on the role of Executive Chairman of Quanta Services. Jim O'Neil will take on the role of CEO, in addition to continuing his role as President. After 13 years at the helm of Quanta, it is time to transition the leadership of the company's day-to-day operations to Jim, with whom I've worked with for over a decade. I have the utmost confidence that the company will be in good hands. I will continue in a full-time role and will meet with investors from time to time. I look forward to working with him, our executive team and our Board as we further our commitment to delivering value to our investors, our customers and our employees.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jim, who will present the details of our operations. Jim?
James Haddox: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter of 2011, revenues from our Electric Power segment were approximately $567 million, an increase of 24% compared to approximately $457 million in revenue for the first quarter of 2010. The increase in this segment's revenues was primarily related to the acquisition of Valard. Excluding Valard's revenues, this segment achieved 15% revenue growth for the quarter. 12-month backlog in the Electric Power segment was $1.88 billion at March 31, 2011. This is a 47% increase over 12-month backlog at March 31, 2010. Total backlog was up 19.8% to $4.34 billion at March 31, 2011, compared to the same period last year. We expect Electric Power segment revenues to increase approximately 34% for the full year of 2011 compared to 2010, despite the late starts on 3 major transmission projects this year. Northeast Utilities expects required permits for the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection for the Greater Springfield Reliability Project to be issued in the third quarter of this year. This project is the first of 3 major transmission programs for Northeast Utility's portion of the New England East-West Solution, or NEEWS project. This delay has not impacted specialized energized services and limited construction activity is provided to support end-use infrastructure upgrade initiatives throughout their service area. Southern California Edison anticipates required environmental permits to now be issued in the July time frame at the earliest. These are primarily the water quality permits for that Tehachapi project Segment 6, which will be constructed in the Angeles National Forest. We are currently engaged in limited construction activities on this project and construction of Segment 11 is scheduled to start in November of this year.  San Diego Gas & Electric now anticipates required environmental permits for the Sunrise PowerLink project to be issued in September of this year. We have initiated work on the underground portion of this project. While certain power transmission projects have been delayed, others are moving forward on schedule. Our work for Central Maine Power Company on the Maine Reliability Project is now moving into the early construction phase. We currently have about 70 personnel on this project, and this project is expected to complete in 2015.  During the first quarter, construction continued on National Grid's Rhode Island Reliability Project, which is also part of a NEEWS initiative. This work is focused primarily in North Smithfield and will continue southward. This project is approximately 20% complete, with completion expected in early 2013. In addition, our alliance is performing substation renovation for this project. Construction remains scheduled to begin this summer on the Rockdale, Wisconsin project under our contract with American Transmission Co. This project includes construction of a new 32-mile, 345,000-volt transmission line standing from Rockdale to West Middleton. For ITC, we continue to work on several transmission lines in substation projects in the Michigan and Iowa area. We have also received notification to construct the 18-mile Hugo-to-Valliant 345,000-volt line in Oklahoma. In Canada, we continue to work on the 108-mile double-circuit, 500,000-volt Bruce to Milton transmission reinforcement project for Hydro One, which is expected to complete in the summer of 2012.  Looking forward, we expect other projects to gain momentum later in 2011. Our work for CapX2020 should begin in the second half of 2011 and continue into 2015. CapX2020 is a joint initiative of 11 transmission owning utilities, proposing to build infrastructure under what is expected to be the largest transmission expansion in the upper Midwest in 30 years. We expect to realize revenues of approximately $330 million associated with this project. We recently finalized the first contract under this agreement. Construction on the Bemidji to Grand Rapids project is expected to begin in July of this year. We also expect BC Hydro to announce their construction partner on the Northwest Transmission Line and the interior lower demand online in the next 2 months.  During our fourth quarter conference call, we announced that we were awarded contracts for [audio gap] transmission line and substation work for Lone Star Transmission related to the Texas Competitive Renewable Energy Zone, or CREZ. Construction activities are expected to begin in July of this year. LCRA sales phase to Kendall line is expected to begin construction in the fourth quarter of this year, and the Buttes [ph] to Bighill [ph]line in the first quarter of 2012. In addition, we continue to perform smaller CREZ and non-CREZ transmission projects for LCRA throughout this year.  CREZ utilities, EPC, West and Sharyland are in the final stages of determining their construction partners for the remaining CREZ transmission projects, and we expect contract awards in the coming weeks. Portions of this work are expected to begin later this year.  As we enter into the second half of this year, we anticipate a transmission construction market unlike anything the industry has ever experienced. By the end of this year, we should be performing work on no less than 10 major electric transmission projects, barring any unforeseen regulatory hurdles or other delays.  We are currently forecasting electric distribution revenues to be flat for the year of 2011 compared to the full year 2010. Today, we have not seen any meaningful indicators that our customers will increase distribution spending this year. We continue to see momentum in the Renewable Energy portion of our business during the quarter. Revenues from Renewable Energy Services for the first quarter of 2011 totaled $65 million, compared to $27 million during the same period last year. Of this total, Solar accounted for approximately $50 million and Wind Energy accounted for approximately $15 million. We are scheduled to accomplish our renewable energy goal of $350 million for the full year of 2011.  Recently, Lincoln Renewable Energy announced that it has selected Quanta Services subsidiary for the construction of the 10-megawatt Oak Solar facility in New Jersey. Under this agreement, Quanta will provide engineering, procurement and construction services, as well as operate and maintain the facility once the project is commissioned. Construction is projected to begin in June with an estimated project completion date of December of 2011. During the quarter, we continued to work under 3 EPC contracts for utility-scale solar installations, jointly owned by U.S. Energy America and NRG Solar. We expect to substantially complete these projects by the end of the second quarter, nearly one month ahead of schedule.  Also during the quarter, we continued work on our third utility-scale solar project at the Denver International Airport under our contract with Constellation Energy. This project is expected to be completed in the second quarter.  We continue to expect double-digit growth in Renewable Energy revenues for the full year of 2011 compared to 2010, with Solar opportunities contributing significantly to the increase. Although we remain very active in Wind Construction, we do not expect significant momentum in this market throughout 2011. During the quarter, revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment were approximately $177 million. This compares to approximately $189 million for the first quarter of 2010. 12-month backlog in the Natural Gas segment was $669 million, down $300 million or 31% from the same period last year. Since our fourth quarter conference call, our customers have announced very few contract awards. We remain either short listed as a bidder or are in negotiations on approximately $1.8 billion in pipeline opportunities. Roughly half of these projects are scheduled to start this year. These figures do not include TransCanada's Keystone XL project where we were also one of several bidders. However, because we are now in May and we still have limited visibility of future potential awards, we are revising the revenue forecast for this segment down approximately 29% for the full year of 2011 compared to 2010.  The transmission pipeline business is inherently volatile. Our ability to forecast this segment has become increasingly difficult due to the short project cycles, large project nature and delays related to increased regulatory requirements, including new restrictive rules on government land. With this said, we are well aware of these challenges and are working to minimize the volatility of this segment, as well as improve our forecasting process.  We remain very bullish on the pipeline business over the medium and long term. We continue to see robust drilling activity in certain unconventional shale formations. Additionally, as all prices continue to remain substantially above $78 a barrel, activity in the Canadian oil sands is gaining momentum.  The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA, is implementing more stringent pipeline integrity requirements that should also create pipeline replacement programs throughout the United States. We believe Quanta is well-positioned throughout Canada and the United States to capitalize on new and existing pipeline infrastructure and related facility upgrades. We continue to be optimistic that we will be awarded a meaningful project opportunity that would generate revenue this year. We expect pipeline activity to increase significantly in 2012, especially if the Keystone XL project receives regulatory approval. This project alone is expected to absorb almost half of the industry's construction capacity.  During the quarter, we initiated work under our new 5-year contract with Puget Sound Energy for a Natural Gas construction and maintenance services across the utility's 6-county service area. This contract is expected to produce approximately $400 million in revenue during its 5-year term. In the first quarter of 2011, revenues from our Telecommunications segment were approximately $79 million compared to $78 million in the first quarter of 2010, a relatively flat revenue growth for the quarter.  Total backlog in this segment increased approximately 82% to $534 million at March 31, 2011, compared to March 31, 2010. Although the first quarter results from the Telecom segment were seasonally challenged, we expect revenues for the full year of 2011 to increase 20% to 25% compared to 2010, with significantly improved margins. The majority of this increase should occur in the second half of this year, with the increase attributable primarily to stimulus projects, 4G network upgrades and fibers to the cell site build-outs by carriers.  Our optimism is influenced partly by the growth in mobile and intelligent devices and the robust networks that support them. Mobile devices are projected to outnumber laptops and computers in only 2 years, which is expected to drive the global wireless connections to increase to $50 billion by 2020, and the carriers are reacting.  Verizon recently indicated that it expects to deploy LTE services to 175 markets by year end. Our in-site plant and wireless groups are experiencing an increase in demand for their services. Since the close of the first quarter, we have been awarded a project with an original equipment manufacturer, or OEM, to provide engineering, procurement, installation and turn-up and test services to over 3,600 cell sites in support of that fiber-to-the-cell site contract for an incumbent local exchange carrier. This project is not currently included in our backlog due to the timing of the award. During the quarter, we also initiated engineering and other preconstruction activities for our KINBER, a Keystone Initiative for Network Based Education and Research, under our largest single stimulus award. Under this contract, we are providing engineering and construction for a 1,600-mile fiber range throughout 39 counties in Pennsylvania.  In the first quarter of 2011, revenues from our Fiber Optic Licensing segment were approximately $26 million. This compares to approximately $24 million in revenue for the first quarter of 2010. We expect strong revenue growth in this segment based on a robust order environment for the second half of this year. For example, during the 2010 E-Rate season ending in March of this year, we realized a substantial increase in new contract orders compared to the 2008 and 2009 E-Rate seasons, which will drive revenue growth later this year and into next year. In addition, we continue to see meaningful growth in the carrier vertical driven by increased bandwidth demands, both wireline and wireless. In summary, we continue to see momentum related to electric power transmission contract awards, renewables and telecommunications spending. This momentum should start building late in the second quarter and into the second half of this year.  Revenue growth on our Electric Power and Telecommunications segments should offset the revenue decline in our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment if backlog does not materialize for this year. Despite a very disappointing first quarter, we believe our overall business in the industries we serve are on the verge of substantial growth and exceptional margins.  Now I will turn the call over to James Haddox, our CFO.
James Haddox: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $849 million for the first quarter of 2011, compared to $748.3 million in the prior year's first quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 13.5% quarter-over-quarter. The net loss attributable to common stock for the quarter was $17.6 million, or a loss of $0.08 per diluted share. The growth in consolidated revenues in 1Q '11 was driven primarily by an increase in revenue from our Electric Power Infrastructure Services segment up 24% quarter-over-quarter. A portion of this growth resulted from an acquisition during the fourth quarter of 2010. However, excluding the acquisition, the Electric Power segment's revenues would have grown 14.9% quarter-over-quarter. This revenue increase is partially offset by decreased revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment of 6.4%.  Our consolidated gross margin declined from 17.3% in 1Q '10 to 8.4% in 1Q '11. The decrease is primarily due to the impact of operating losses incurred by the Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment, which John previously discussed.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $10.5 million to $91.5 million as compared to last year's first quarter. We completed a major acquisition during the fourth quarter of 2010, which resulted in an increase in G&A expenses of $2.1 million quarter-over-quarter. Selling, general and administrative expenses also increased as a result of increased salaries and benefits costs of approximately $6.3 million, associated with additional personnel and salary increases and includes $1.7 million in severance costs associated with the reorganization of certain of our gas operations. In addition, we had increased legal costs of approximately $1.0 million associated with ongoing litigation during the first quarter of 2011.  Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues remained consistent at 10.8%. Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense decreased from 6.5% in 1Q '10 to a negative 2.4% in 1Q 2011 as a result of the lower gross margins. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $5.8 million in 1Q '10 to $6.3 million in 1Q '11 due to the increase in amortization related to intangibles associated with the acquisition we completed in the 4Q of '10, partially offset by the runoff of amortization related to backlog intangible assets recorded from our prior acquisitions.  Drilling further down into the details of our results by segment, Electric Power segment revenues were up about $109.6 million quarter-over-quarter or about 24%. Revenues were favorably impacted by $41.6 million in revenues from the acquisition of Valard, which was acquired during the fourth quarter of 2010. The remaining increase was due primarily to higher revenues from renewable projects and an increase in other Electric Power Infrastructure Services, primarily due to increased spending by our customers. Emergency restoration revenues decreased $36.4 million to $16.5 million in the first quarter of 2011, partially offsetting the increased revenues and other Electric Power Service lines. The operating margin in the Electric Power segment was 5.5% in the first quarter compared to 8.7% in the last year's first quarter, primarily due to the lower revenues from Emergency Restoration Services, which typically generate higher margins. A more competitive pricing environment for our distribution services and higher margins associated with the closeout of certain electric transmission projects during 2010 as compared to electric transmission projects at earlier stages in 2011, which include contingencies.  Margins in the first quarter of '11 were also negatively affected by idle equipment costs associated with the delayed projects previously discussed. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues decreased quarter-over-quarter, approximately 6.4% to about $176.8 million in 1Q '11, primarily due to the timing of project awards. Operating margins in the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment was a negative 20.9% in 1Q '11 compared to a positive 9.7% in 1Q '10. These decreases are primarily due to cost overruns on 2 projects, severance costs and upfront mobilization costs in our Gas division, as John previously discussed.  Revenues from our Telecommunications segment increased approximately $1.2 million or 1.5% to approximately $79.4 million in 1Q of '11. Operating margins in the Telecommunications segment were negative 4.5% in 1Q '11 compared to a negative 1.0% in 1Q '10. This decrease in margin is the result of decreases in the body of work associated with long-haul installations that was replaced with lower margin, fiber-to-the-premise build-out initiatives during the current period and adverse weather conditions experienced in the northern U.S.  Fiber Optic Licensing segment revenues were approximately $26.3 million for the first quarter of 2011, or an increase of about 8.1% as the results of our continued investment in fiber optic network expansion and the associated revenues from licensing the right to use point-to-point fiber optic telecommunications facilities. Operating margins in the Fiber Optic Licensing segment were 45.8% in 1Q '11, which is lower than operating margins of 49.9% in 1Q '10, primarily due to higher selling and marketing expenses in this segment. When discussing operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segments. Therefore, the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effects of such expenses.  Corporate and unallocated costs increased about $2.4 million to $29.7 million in the first quarter of 2011 as compared to 1Q 2010, primarily due to higher salaries and benefits costs of approximately $2.2 million associated with additional personnel and salary increases. The net loss attributable to common stock for the quarter was $17.6 million or a loss of $0.08 per diluted share. Net income attributable to common stock in 1Q '10 was $23.7 million or $0.11 per diluted share. The adjusted diluted loss per share as calculated in today's press release was $0.05 for the first quarter of 2011 as compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.15 for 1Q '10. Cash flow used in operations, less net capital expenditures of about $34 million resulted in approximately $39 million in negative free cash flow for the quarter. The negative free cash flow during the first quarter of 2011 was primarily due to the operating losses incurred during the first quarter of 2011. This compares to the prior year's first quarter, which had a negative free cash flow of $39.2 million.  EBITA for the first quarter of 2011 was a negative $20.7 million or negative 2.4% of revenues compared to about $48.1 million or 6.4% of revenues for the first quarter of 2010. Adjusted EBITDA was about $11.7 million for the first quarter of 2011 compared to $80.7 million for the first quarter of 2010. Our days sales outstanding, or DSOs, were 84 days at March 31 of 2011, versus 68 days at December 31 of 2010, and 80 days at March 31 of 2011, an increase due to the timing of milestone payments on major projects.  The calculation of EBITA and EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures, and the definitions of these and of DSOs can be found on the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com.  At the end of the quarter, we had about $503 million in cash. We also had $188 million in letters of credit outstanding under our $475 million credit facility, primarily to secure our insurance program with no outstanding loans, leaving $287 million of availability. The combination of our cash balance and availability under our credit facility gave us about $790 million in total liquidity as of March 31, 2011. Concerning our outlook for the future, our estimate for 2Q '11 EPS based on revenues of between $925 million and $975 million is $0.14 to $0.16 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to $0.16 in GAAP EPS in 2Q of '10. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2Q '11 includes an estimate of $15.2 million for non-cash compensation expenses and amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter is expected to be $0.18 to $0.20. Our estimate for 2011 EPS based on revenues of between $4.1 billion and $4.4 billion is $0.65 to $0.80 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to $0.72 in GAAP EPS in 2010. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2011 includes an estimate of $50 million for non-cash compensation expenses and amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for 2011 are expected to be $0.80 to $0.95. We're currently forecasting net income attributable to noncontrolling interest to be approximately $2 million in the second quarter of 2011 and $9.6 million for the whole year. This ramp-up over 2010 is due to increases of work on existing joint venture projects, as well as increased amounts associated with our contract with Central Maine Power.  For additional guidance, we're currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 39.5% to 40.5% for 2011, and we expect our diluted share count to be about 215 million shares for 2011. We expect CapEx for all of 2011 to be approximately $180 million to $210 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing segment of about $35 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2010, in total of about $150 million.  This concludes our formal presentation. And we'll now open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Tahira Afzal: Couple of questions because I know I only have one follow-up. You mentioned on your prepared commentary that you expect some CREZ awards to come in potentially over the next few weeks, and they could contribute significantly to 2011. I would like to know how much of this you've built into guidance and how much it will be potential upside if it does come true? And then as a follow-up, obviously, on the Pipeline business, if you could give us some visibility on really how contained all these losses are, give us comfort around that to the extent that you've been through your other projects and do not see similar project issues coming up. And really, in retrospect, really looking at the Pipeline business and putting into perspective for us whether this has been a wise acquisition for you.
James O'Neil: This is Jim. In regard to the CREZ awards, we do expect the remaining CREZ utilities to make announcements of their construction partner in the coming weeks, and we have baked our expectations for those awards on what we would win into our guidance for the year. In regards to Pipeline, the 2 projects that we had the losses on, they are fully contained. The one that was in the Dakota area, that's been finished. The cleanup has been finished and settled and everything is done other than the change orders that we're pursuing and as well as the project in Canada. That project is completed other than the change orders that we're pursuing there as well.
John Colson: This is John. About the Pipeline business, it's a very good business. I think we've been -- we have some reasons to think that we should improve our forecasting ability on that business. We know there's volatility in this business. We are trying to improve our forecasting and trying also to take some of the volatility of that business by taking on more maintenance work cathodic protection, more recurring revenues in that portion of the business to take some of that project volatility out. I believe just off the top of my head, that we've owned the company about 6 quarters and during those 6 quarters, they'd brought in about $160 million of EBITD, and we paid about $350 million for them. So even in the very difficult times, it's been a very good acquisition. But those 2 projects, by the way, if we get a reasonable amount of the change orders that we've asked for, one of those projects will break even and one will actually make some money. So they're not terrible projects, but they were certainly underestimated by us in what they were going to do for the quarter.
Tahira Afzal: Got it. And I guess as a follow-up, could you talk about your cash allocation going forward? Obviously, a buyback is sort of welcome, and would love to get a sense of whether you could potentially expand that or whether you see good opportunities.
James Haddox: You cut out on the middle of that question. What was the last part of the question?
Tahira Afzal: Opportunities in terms of other acquisitions.
James Haddox: Yes, we've still got opportunities for acquisitions and for increased needs for working capital based on what we're seeing in pending or potential contracts awards. So we still have use for our capital, both on the acquisition side for funding working capital and potentially for doing some interim financing or project financing in the future.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Will Gabrielski with Gleacher & Co.
Will Gabrielski: So I'll ask them all at once here. The other transmission projects you've won, like CapX2020 CREZ work, are there any stealth permitting issues that could creep up on us like the Tehachapi around the expected start-up dates? And is any of that or anything else that's not permitted included in your 2011 guidance at this point? And then, separate from that but within T&D, if things were -- started to break your way a little bit here, what would industry utilization look like over the next 12 months, and how tight can it get? Can you compare it to maybe some past periods?
James O'Neil: Will, on the permitting question, I believe -- and this could change obviously, but from what we're hearing from our customers, the only projects that are having permitting delays are the ones that we mentioned. The other projects are moving forward on schedule. And then, industry capacity is already tight, and it's going to get even tighter, obviously, as we enter into the second half of the year. I mean we're going to be on a minimum of 10 major transmission projects at the end of the year just ourselves. So the industry, as I would say, is near capacity right now on transmission projects as the industry construction resources mobilize on our projects throughout the country and in Canada, and it's going to be very, very tight, which is good for us. We like that. We feel like we have the resources required to pursue not only the opportunities, the many opportunities we have in hand, but to pursue future opportunities that we expect to be awarded between now and the end of the year and into next year.
Will Gabrielski: But CapX2020, those projects, you don't see any potential permitting issues? Have you talked to the utilities today or the operators that they have all the permits in hand that they need to begin construction or are we still waiting on any?
John Colson: I think that there's always potential for delays in any of these projects. However, whenever you're crossing BLM forest service lands or government lands of any nature, the opportunity for more delays is higher than when you're crossing normal lands. You do have the factor of NIMBY, not in my backyard, that you have to face with CapX2020, and I'm sure there will be some delays in some projects, but the odds increase tremendously when you're crossing federal lands or state lands or government lands as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners.
Brian Shore: This is Brian Shore in for Dan. If you could talk about the $60 million that you talked about in change orders, kind of talk about any of the potential timing there, and B, whether this is included in the guidance or it presents upside looking forward?
James Haddox: Yes. This is James. It does present some potential upside. The change orders that we're pursuing, the timing of that, we expect that we will get those resolved sometime during the next 3 to 6 months, maybe sooner rather than later. But it's hard to give you the magnitude of what might turn into profits, because some of these would be recognized over -- under percentage completion accounting would be recognized under the remaining portion of the contract once it's settled. Some of them, change orders that we're pursuing on contracts that have already gotten completed would flow through our income statement as the change orders are approved. I think that in the last 9 months of this year's, kind of spread out across the quarters, we've got somewhere between $8 million to $10 million of estimated change orders that should affect our P&L. And that number could go up, but it's hard to predict it because it's subject to negotiation of the change orders and determination of which contracts they apply to and whether it should be accounted for under PLC accounting.
Brian Shore: Just so I'm clear, the $8 million to $10 million, that's within the $60 million?
James Haddox: Yes.
Brian Shore: Okay. And then just second, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the Telecom segment? Obviously, you guys have grown backlog pretty tremendously driven by stimulus. Is there still more out there to go get? And just kind of what you're seeing, initially, as some of that starts to flow but really looking forward to the back half of the year. I mean what are your expectations about the potential upside there?
James O'Neil: Well, we have more visibility probably in Telecom than any of the other segments because we were involved in helping our customers pursue stimulus money, and we've engineered many of these projects. So we've got good visibility in the Telecom. We think that we've seen maybe half of the opportunities right now. Before -- between now and the end of the year, we should expect more awards that are meaningful. But what we have baked into our forecast right now and the significant growth is what we know we have in hand today. And the acceleration of that we will see in constructing those projects in the second half of this year. But there will be more to add to backlog as we move through the year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Peter Chang: It's actually Peter Chang, in for Jamie. My first question is on the Electric Transmission. It's back to the guidance question. First of all, do you have an expectation of a BC Hydro win in the back half of your year? And then, I don't know if you could quantify sort of how much from CapX2020 and Lone Star that you actually have in guidance in the event that maybe there is or is not a permitting issue in the future.
James O'Neil: Yes. Peter, we need to be careful on any future awards. Our customers are very sensitive to that. We're shortlisted on both of the BC Hydro projects, both the Northwest Transmission and the ILM line, and we should hear about announcements here over the next month or maybe a little bit longer. In regards to our CapX2020, there's very little revenue baked in this year, probably $20 million to $30 million for the line that we're expected to start this year. Most of that revenue will be captured in outside of -- in '12 and beyond. As far as Lone Star, Lone Star is going to start in July. It has a completion date of 2012, so a significant part of that revenue can be generated this year. We've been asked not to disclose that amount, that contract amount, by our customer, but it's certainly a nice-sized project that warrants an announcement, it's over $100 million for sure, for certain.
Peter Chang: Fair enough. My follow-up question or my other question would be on the Pipeline business. Given sort of the depressed nature of that business in 2011, are you seeing very competitive bids out there on the $1.8 billion in bids outstanding? How should we think about pricing for 2012 and later on some of these projects? Or do you think because it's a large number of bids that pricing is actually -- could be a positive?
James O'Neil: I'm being commended to remain disciplined on pricing. The bidding environment is no different than it has been in past years -- you're going to have those contractors that would go take the work cheaper than what we would pursue. So we're actually very excited about the Pipeline outlook. We just feel that we needed to take our projections back for this year since we are in May, but those opportunities still exist. We think that the Pipeline construction capacity is going to tighten significantly going into '12 and that'll be very good for pricing as we move into next year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Scott Levine with JPMorgan
Scott Levine: Sticking with gas, I was hoping you might provide a little bit more color on the bidding season. Obviously, your 12 months backlog is down, and your total backlog in the business is up. And I think it builds seasonally during this time of year. So I was hoping you might be able to help us look through the seasonality, really understand how the bidding season came in relative to your expectations. And secondly, given your comments about KeystoneXL and its implications for '12, how important is that job, specifically, in terms of assessing growth in the business next year and beyond?
James O'Neil: Well, I think typically, in a typical year you do have seasonality in gas and you would expect that backlog. You wouldn't have much backlog for the remainder of any year. But '12 is going to be such a robust year that we should build 12-month backlog as we go through this year for 2012 work. As far as Keystone and its implications to us, I think the point we were trying to make is that if Keystone goes, that the industry capacity is going to be tightened significantly, because that project alone will take up half the construction capacity, which will be good for pricing in the industry. We have been shortlisted on that job, but as far as the meaningfulness of that job to us, we're looking at $1.8 billion worth of projects outside of that Keystone project. So I think we're pretty [Audio Gap] [Technical Difficulties]
Scott Levine: As my follow-up question, regarding the share buyback announcement, can you talk about the meaningfulness of that, how that came about and maybe whether that has any -- whether it says anything about the M&A pipeline? I guess, your general thoughts on uses of cash flow given the introduction of buyback here this morning.
John Colson: We, through these past several years, have had strong cash flow. And we anticipate going forward, we will as well. And looking at things, our acquisition pipeline is robust, and our need for working capital is robust. But having taken that into consideration, we still think there's enough cash to do a stock buyback at this time.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Craig Irwin with Wedbush Securities.
Craig Irwin: I wanted to ask for a little bit more color around the change orders out there and just clarify previous comments about the $10 million in the pipeline segment from cleanup costs and the $15 million from forecast profitability, if that was something you're specifically requesting in the negotiations. But more precisely on the change orders, if you could discuss -- maybe a little bit of color on who the counterparties are in a couple of these jobs? And the process to complete the negotiation process, is there some sort of arbitration that has to happen? Does anything have to go before a utility commissions for you to actually get payment? And if you could mention maybe your experience in recovering change orders in the past.
John Colson: Certainly. When I talk about the $60 million, we've already reduced the number of somewhat for expectations of our winning those change order discussions. We do not like to sue our customers. But of course, court is always an option in the end if we can't come to satisfactory negotiation. I wouldn't want to disclose the amounts or the customers' names on any of those change orders as we're in negotiations. And obviously, they're very sensitive. Many of these are related from delays that weren't their fault. They certainly weren't our fault. But they're trying to enhance their shareholder value as we are trying to enhance ours. And most of these discussions are not adversarial. They're a matter of who's going to accept the responsibility for these delays and these problems that are -- were unanticipated, of course, by our customer. But they were also unanticipated by us. Some of them related to delays for permitting. Some of them were new interpretations of old rules by current government officials, more stringent rules. And so they're friendly discussions generally, and not very adversarial, and we've already discounted them. When we say $60 million, it's -- obviously, there's more than that in discussions. So we've already discounted them somewhat. But it's impossible to predict how much of that $60 million we will get as negotiations go on, and the timing of it is difficult because some of these projects are continuing to be delayed and we'll have additional cost overruns to look at.
Craig Irwin: And as my follow-up in the Gas Services segment, the losses of $37 million in the quarter, segment operating losses of $37 million, can you give us a little bit more color on, aside from the 2 items that you mentioned, the proportionate contribution of whether any other factors in this performance below prior expectations? [Audio Gap] [Technical Difficulties]
Craig Irwin: Remember the question?
James O'Neil: Yes, I think some more color on the Gas segment losses. I think the 2 jobs accounted for approximately $26 million. We had some reorganization charges that cost $2 million. We have the start-up cost on the Puget Sound gas contract of $2 million. And then the rest is just under allocated equipment in our Gas Transmission segment because we just don't have the work going on that we expected for the year and for the quarter. So I think that's really a summary. That's what contributed to the loss for the quarter.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jeff Beach with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jeffrey Beach: I think I've asked this before. The delays in the project awards in the gas pipelines, some oil pipelines, do you have any sort of a feeling yet as to why the delays at this point on those pipelines? A lot of them seem to be needed to move -- building volumes of gas and oil out of the shales. What's going on with the customers?
John Colson: It's really not the customers, Jeff. It relates to government approvals. The projects that are inside a state are typically not being delayed. It's projects that go across state boundaries and projects that cross federal lands are the ones that have difficulty. And it's a new interpretation of the role of the Federal Government in monitoring and in environmental studies and those kinds of things that are causing the delays for our customers.
Jeffrey Beach: And on the project delays in Electric Transmission on projects that you've won, you're looking for very strong revenues for the year, for 2011. And when I looked at it, it looks like maybe you've built in some acceleration of work and it's kind of hard to tell to catch up. Is this accurate or is this kind of second half you're delayed 2 or 3 months and everything kind of -- the whole schedule pushes out 2 or 3 months where you have accelerated activity to produce a stronger second half than what you originally planned?
James O'Neil: I don't think we're building any acceleration in on any particular project, Jeff. I think it's that we're starting more projects. Right now, we've just recently -- the first quarter, we had one project that was in full construction. Now we have 2 in full construction. And we're going to ramp up to where we have 10 in full construction by the end of the year, at least 10. So I think it's more a function of that we're starting to mobilize on contract awards into the construction phase. We'll have significantly more activity in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year or even last year at this time.
John Colson: And really, we wouldn't anticipate an acceleration of those projects until those projects start and we find out exactly when they do start. I think we will see some acceleration on those projects, but we haven't built that in. As Jim says, most of the higher revenues are due to more projects starting. I do expect that some of our customers are going to have to accelerate. Some of them have already committed to completion dates and some of them have started construction on other portions of the project. So I expect there will be acceleration, but we're not building that in to our guidance at this time.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Thalhimer: Is your expectation that the Pipeline segment will be profitable in Q2?
John Colson: That's the projections there, James, I think so. Depending, of course, on the amount of revenues that start. The Pipeline projects are profitable as far as they go individually. It's the amount of volume. Looking forward in second quarter, is there going to be sufficient volumes to carry the equipment allocations, overheads and so forth by the various companies?
James O'Neil: Yes. Projection is that they will be profitable in Q2, yes. We have more than just pipeline transmission in our Gas segment. We're doing a lot of pipeline rehabilitation work and other MSA work, the Puget Sound contract. So that segment, we do expect it to be profitable in the second quarter.
Adam Thalhimer: Great. And when can you guys start buying back stock?
James Haddox: Well, technically, the program starts after our blackout period closes, which is 2 days after we announce our earnings. So that makes May the start date for the program. And then, we're subject to -- Yes, May 9. And then, we're subject to normal insider trading restrictions as a company just like we are officers of the company. So anytime that we have information that's not -- material nonpublic information, the company can't go into the program. But the program starts on Monday, May 9, under our current policy.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander Rygiel: Year-over-year, the operating profit inside the Pipeline business appeared to decline about $55 million, of which you identified $30 million coming from project losses, the reorg and Puget Sound. And I suspect since revenues declined $12 million year-over-year, that the unallocated equipment expense is probably another $10 million or $11 billion, so that gets you to about $40 million of a year-over-year decline in the operating profit. How do we bridge the gap between that $40 million that we just identified and the $55 million that was reported?
James Haddox: I think that what you see, Alex, is timing. I can think of one thing off the top of my head that could affect it, and that's timing of some of the change orders that we're talking about. Because when we came into last year, I think we probably had some change orders rolling forward that we were negotiating, which would've had an effect, a positive effect on profits in the first quarter of last year, coming out of the cleanup of several jobs and determining the magnitude of the change orders, which couldn't be booked at year end because we were in the same position at year end last year that we're in at the end of the first quarter of this year.
John Colson: We also had quite a nice project going on in Alaska last first quarter that's different than this first quarter.
Alexander Rygiel: And then, a quick follow-up if I may. Could you quantify the revenues implied in your full year 2011 guidance from CREZ projects and others that have not yet been awarded? And also provide a little bit more color with regards to the very significant growth in Telecom backlog of 35% sequentially in year-over-year and 60% to 80% year-over-year?
John Colson: I think that we don't necessarily have CREZ. What we have in our projections is where our revenues are higher than our committed backlog. And so projects that we put in there are not identified specifically as a CREZ project or a BC Hydro project or an AEP project. We know we'll get some of those projects or a pipeline project or a Telecom project. We'll know we'll get some of the projects we're bidding. Based on the volume, we adjust our expectations. And if we have higher success, obviously, we'll have more revenues. Lower success, we'll have lower revenues. But there's a number of CREZ projects. We expect to get our share of those projects, and part of that is what we call in forecasting as uncommitted work.
James O'Neil: And that's one of the reasons that we got a fairly wide range that we've given you guys for both revenues and earnings for the rest of the year. It's because of the timing and probability of awards of some of those CREZ projects. To answer your Telecom question, Alex, we got great visibility into our Telecom forecast. The thing is it's a lot of $5 million, $7 million, $10 million projects, so it's hard to quantify without stating what the announcements are because it's just a whole bunch of small projects, but we do have good visibility into that work.
Kenneth Trawick: Alex, this is Ken. Just to give you an idea, it's coming from several areas. Probably the largest single area is stimulus construction, then fiber to the backhaul to the sell sides is another big piece. Stimulus engineering is a big part of it. And then, some wireless stuff. It's also related to fiber backhaul, but it's the piece that takes place at the sell sides. So those are the kind of high-level sources of the backlog growth.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Rogers with D.A. Davidson and Co.
John Rogers: Could you talk a little bit, I mean if go -- about margin expectations for these businesses or these segments a little longer term, specifically, on the Electric Power over the last number of years. It's kind of been low-double digits. Gas business is kind of, I mean all over the place. But what is your long term thoughts on reasonable margins for these businesses?
John Colson: We expect that the margins in all of these businesses can and should be in the double-digit level when there is sufficient volume in that business and they're not in a depressed or recessionary time. But when our customer spending is normal or better than normal, they should be operating income in the double-digit level in all 3 segments -- 4 segments.
John Rogers: And, John, on the Electric Power side of it, is there a big difference between the distribution in the Transmission business as you see it now, in terms of margins? Or with equipment, I mean, in organizational overlap is it just -- are they closer to the same?
John Colson: No, there are significant differences today between Transmission and Distribution. Distribution, quite a bit lower margin because there's just not enough volume there to support the higher margins. A lot of that work is inherently lower margin because it's maintenance work that's done on a cost-plus basis. So there's lower risk, therefore, lower margins in any case. Where the transmission work typically is some type of fixed price and therefore, incurs higher margins because it's higher risk. And of course, you have to harvest those margins, as we all know.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital Partners.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I'm just trying to figure out kind of the implied margin for the rest of the year given your sales and operating guidance -- excuse me, EPS guidance. I think in the last call, you said you'd be in that kind of 9% at 12% operating margin each quarter except the first quarter. But looking out across the balance of the year, it seems like your guidance would imply something around 10% for kind of average operating margin across the remainder of the year. Is that about right?
James Haddox: Yes, that's about right. Depending on which side of the range you use, I think the number, the implied number if you're on the low end is about 8.9% or something like that and the implied margin on the high-end is about 10%.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And I guess, just looking back historically, there hasn't really been a quarter where you've printed that kind of margin going back for a while. And it would seem with the Pipeline segment challenge, it would really fall on the Electric Power segment to really produce some strong results to hit that margin target. Is that a fair way to think about it?
John Colson: That's fair, but also don't forget Telecom is coming on very strong as well. And of course, the Pipeline business has opportunities, as we've reiterated that time and again. But we're, certainly, more bullish on the Electric Power margins and Telecom margins. But the Pipeline segment has the opportunity [inaudible].
Operator: The next question is from the line of William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William Bremer: Can we go into the Nat Gas project area? You gave reference to 10 full-line construction projects on the Electrical Power. How many would you say that you're gunning for, for '11? And I guess, that's my first question. And second, can you give us an idea of where the MSAs or aftermarket activity falls within this segment as percent of revenue? And then, let's take that further throughout all your segments. Where does your MSAs or aftermarket as a percent fall within each segment?
John Colson: That's a lot of questions. Let's try to break them down just a little bit. Most of the projects -- I think, Jim said that there were some $800 million worth of projects that we have bid, that we are either shortlisted on or we're negotiating that would start in 2011. That's a multitude of projects. I don't think we have the time today to talk about, and I don't have the information in front of me of where those projects exactly are, but you can bet that a lot of them are in the Marcellus and in the Eagle Ford shales. Those formations require fairly large pipe -- but particularly, the Marcellus is very difficult terrain, and is very much our sweet spot because they are very difficult projects and very difficult terrain.
James Haddox: A third of the opportunities are related to Canadian oil sands and those opportunities in that $800 million could start this year as well. We're looking at starts anywhere from June to July to some fourth quarter starts in the Pipeline business in that $800 million. Probably, half of those projects would complete this year, and half of them will start in the fourth quarter and go into next year. I think when you talk about MSAs, we do have MSA work in the Gas segment. Probably, I would guess $200 million to $300 million of the work that we have is the MSA work. We have work in Canada and Alaska that's year-round MSA work, as well as work through our pipeline integrity group that we're doing as well. So I think that pretty much answers the questions that you asked, Bill.
William Bremer: What about the Telecom sectors, can you provide the MSA activity there?
James O'Neil: Yes. About 30% of the revenue in Telecom is MSA work.
Operator: And the next question is a follow-up from the line of Tahira Afzal with Keybanc Capital Markets.
Tahira Afzal: My follow-up was answered, so thank you.
Operator: And the next question is a follow-up from the line of Will Gabrielski with Gleacher & Co.
Will Gabrielski: Yes. Just going back to the gas pipeline and you mentioned weather -- it would probably make me comfortable to hear you talk about why weather is something that you think you can pursue through change orders. And is that a constant feature of a lot of your contracts or was that unique to this contract?
John Colson: I think that when there are delays that puts you in more difficult weather patterns, it's subject to delay. If the projects were not delayed, obviously, you take the weather risk in your project bid.
Will Gabrielski: So it was timing delay that pushed you into different weather patterns than you had assumed when you had bid these projects originally?
John Colson: Yes. The Canadian project had to be done in the winter time, but the real issue there is that the weather was cold and so we built ice bridges. And then it warmed up unseasonably and forced out our ice bridges, and then we had to go back after it got cold again and put the ice bridges back in. That was a major part of that Canadian project. We knew it was going to be a winter time project. Obviously, you know it's going to be cold. But when it warmed up, that's unusual for Canada, and then of course the snow. And if we'd have done it the same time the year before, we wouldn't have had those issues. The other project was pushed from late summer and fall weather into winter weather completion. Snow impacted it.
Will Gabrielski: And then, on pipeline integrity, how material can that be? It's kind of a catch 22 here that regulation is hurting you, but regulation might help you. Just wondering how big can pipeline integrity in some of these new regulations coming out possibly create a positive driver for the business?
James O'Neil: Yes, I think -- well, that could be a huge opportunity for not only our company but the industry. I mean, it's pipeline and our customers are going to have to go through the more stringent inspection requirements that are going to require both our inspection services as well as our rehabilitation services. So it's a big opportunity going forward.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I will turn it back over to management for any closing remarks.
John Colson: Just again, I'd like to thank you for your participation in our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial (303) 590-3030, enter in access code of 4437101. AT&T would like to thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: James O'Neil - President and Chief Operating Officer James Haddox - Chief Financial Officer John Colson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Merger, Acquisition & Disposition Committee and Chairman of Small Merger, Acquisition & Disposition Committee Kip Rupp - Founder and Managing Partner
Analysts: Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Stephen Sanders - Stephens Inc. Stuart Bush - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Craig Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets Jeffrey Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co. William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC Will Gabrielski - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Peter Chang - Credit Suisse
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp with DRG&L. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip Rupp: Great, thank you, Taddeo, and welcome, everyone, to Quanta Services conference call to review 2010 fourth quarter and full year results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to be on the email or fax distribution list to receive future press releases for Quanta, or if you had any technical difficulty this morning and did not receive your email or fax, please call our offices at DRG&L at (713) 529-6600. You can also sign up for email information alerts by going to the Investors & Media section of Quanta Services website at quantaservices.com.  If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available via webcast by also going to Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, there's a telephonic recorded instant replay that will be available for the next seven days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release. Please remember that the information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 23, 2011, and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include any statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control, and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call.  For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Colson, Quanta's Chairman and CEO. John?
John Colson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter 2010 conference call. To start the call this morning, I will provide a summary of the quarter results with added insight on the impact of current industry circumstances and overall economic conditions. My comments will be followed by an operational review by Jim O'Neil, President and Chief Operating Officer; and a review of our financial results by James Haddox, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our remarks, we will welcome your questions. Revenues for the fourth quarter increased to $1.1 billion compared to $985 million in the prior year's fourth quarter. Fourth quarter and full year revenues for 2010 include revenues of approximately $25.7 million from Valard Construction which was acquired October 25, 2010.  Revenues for the full year 2010 were $3.93 billion compared to $3.32 billion in 2009. While revenues were strong in the quarter, we continue to experience margin pressure in the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment of our business. We discussed this at the end of the third quarter. While this had a near-term impact on our financial results, it does not reflect a change in our approach to bidding this work at acceptable margins. Although we are happy that 2010 is over and hopefully taken the recession with it, our accomplishments were significant and many during the year.  During the year, we had $116 million of free cash flow which James will discuss later. We significantly expanded our Canadian presence with the acquisition of Valard Construction. We supported transmission reliability efforts through the application of our project management, engineering and construction services, both energized and de-energized for various utilities throughout the United States. We initiated construction of the first transmission lines as part of the Texas Competitive Renewable Energy Zone, or CREZ program, to support delivery of renewable energy. We've provided construction services on more than 700 miles of transmission pipeline across nine states in Canada. We secured our first construction projects under the broadband stimulus program awards with this momentum continuing with ongoing awards for engineering and construction services.  We secured contracts and initiated construction of 70 megawatts of solar facilities through 17 projects in the United States and Canada, and we strategically strengthened our international operations.  We're optimistic that 2011 will bring increased visibility and additional project activity for several reasons. One, a strength in the economy. A recent poll of economists by The Wall Street Journal predicts that the U.S. economy will grow at better than 3% this year. Two, if the first seven weeks of the year are an indication of what the year holds for our Electric Power segment, we expect a significant increase in project activity in 2011. Transmission projects awarded in 2010 such as Sunrise Powerlink and Tehachapi are beginning construction, while other much anticipated transmission projects such as CapX2020 and Central Maine Power have progressed with construction contract awards. Three, we are also beginning to see awards related to the Texas Competitive Renewable Energy Zone or CREZ. Today, I am proud to announce that we have been awarded two contracts by Lone Star Transmission as part of its plan to help deliver clean, renewable energy through CREZ transmission line construction. Jim will provide more information on these projects during his remarks.  We expect to perform work on the following major electric transmission projects in 2011: Sunrise Powerlink or San Diego Gas & Electric; Tehachapi Section 6 and 11 for Southern California Edison; New England East-West Solution or NEEWS for Northeast Utilities, specifically the Greater Springfield Reliability Project; CapX2020 Group 1 projects; the Maine Reliability project for the Central Maine Power Company; the Rhode Island Reliability project for National Grid; Bruce to Milton Transmission line for Hydro One; Allegheny Power's TrAIL project; and several additional CREZ projects yet to be announced.  Looking to the future, industry experts project an increase in power investment. For instance, the North American Electric Reliability Council predicts that investment in reliability and inert connections will triple from 1,000 miles per year between 2000 and 2008 to 3,000 miles per year through 2017.  Edison Electric Institute estimates that investor-owned utilities will spend $9.7 billion on electric transmission projects this year and increase $12.3 billion annually by 2013. We believe that Quanta remains the leader in providing electric transmission infrastructure services. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment continues to actively participate in a robust bidding season for projects that are expected to commence in 2011. Natural Gas pipeline safety continues to garner attention nationwide. Various legislative proposals are being considered, and utilities are scrutinizing maintenance practices.  As legislation progresses, it has the potential to drive demand for pipeline integrity, maintenance and new construction, all services which we offer our customers. Opportunities may also arise from the expected increase in Natural Gas production. Natural Gas is projected to surpass coal as the leading U.S. source of power generation by 2035. In addition to creating demand for our pipeline services, this shift will also positively impact various energy policies and regulations such as renewable portfolio standards and transmission siting. During the third and fourth quarters, we began to see significant bidding and award activity as a result of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act or the ARRA broadband stimulus program. Most of the awards to service providers were for engineering services, but we also received awards to provide construction services, most notably the KINBER or PennREN project we previously announced. We expect bid awards for construction services to accelerate through the year and for awards to be largely complete by year end.  On the Wireless side, we expect LTE or long-term evolution and 4G rollouts to gain momentum throughout 2011. And we expect to capture project awards as this technology rollout accelerates. Our fiber leasing business met our expectations for 2010, and we're beginning to see increased opportunities as the economy begins to recover, particularly in the enterprise and carrier verticals. Jim will provide more details concerning our Telecom segment in his remarks.  In closing, 2011 project awards are already off to a good start, and we believe we will experience strong demand for our services and increased infrastructure spending in the industries we serve. Quanta's strong balance sheet, strategic comprehensive service offerings and extensive resources remain competitive advantages that should enable us to maintain our leading position in the industries we serve.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jim O'Neil who will present the details of our operations.
James O'Neil: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. Our company is sitting in a very different position as to our outlook for this year compared to the same time last year. We continue to build backlog and see noteworthy indicators of increased spending, strong bidding activity and the release of stimulus funds. These positive signs are building momentum in all segments of our business.  We expect 2011 to deliver meaningful revenue and margin growth despite a slow first quarter that has been affected so far by extreme winter weather conditions, costs associated with ramping down two major electric transmission projects and mobilizing resources to five new major transmission contracts and the lower revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline business caused by the normal seasonality of this business. My comments today will address this outlook while providing an overview of each industry segment. In the fourth quarter of 2010, revenues from our Electric Power segment were approximately $595 million, an increase of 15% compared to approximately $516 million of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2009. The increase in this segment's revenues was primarily related to increased activity in electric transmission and renewable energy construction.  12-month Electric Power backlog was $1.8 million at December 31, 2010. This is a 37% increase over backlog at December 31, 2009. This backlog increase is largely attributed to the increase in transmission awards during the past several months. Total backlog was up 11.8% to $6.3 billion at December 31, 2010, compared to last year.  During the first quarter, we initiated preconstruction activities while performed construction services on electric transmission projects throughout the U.S. and Canada. Under our four-year contract with Central Maine Power Company, we will provide construction services jointly with our Maine-based partner to build approximately 200 miles of transmission infrastructure in Central and Western Maine. We have initiated preconstruction activities, and project completion is projected by mid-2015. We are also continuing preconstruction activities for San Diego Gas & Electric Sunrise Powerlink project. The underground portion of this project is underway.  For Southern California, Edison Tehachapi Project Section 6 and 11, we are performing preconstruction activities and expect to mobilize crews by the end of the first quarter. We initiated work on Northeast Utilities’ or NU’s Greater Springfield Reliability Transmission Project, which is the first of three major construction projects for end-use portion of the New England East-West Solution or NEEWS.  Currently, we are performing preconstruction activities and will soon begin installing tower foundations. Construction will be in full swing in the second half of 2011 with the completion anticipated in 2015.  Outside of the NEEWS project, we continue to provide NU with specialty, energized services to support their structure, operate initiatives throughout their service area. Our work continues on National Grid’s Rhode Island Reliability Project. Our crews are currently studying foundations and structures as well as stringing conductor. This project is less than 10% complete with expected completion in the spring of 2013. We continue to provide substation and transmission services for ITC Holdings in Michigan and Iowa, and we expect ongoing activity throughout 2011. Under our contract with American Transmission Co., we expect activity levels to increase in 2011 as compared to last year. We are already in the preconstruction phase in ramping up for construction of the Rockdale to West Middleton Transmission line. Construction on this 345,000-volt, 32-mile line is expected to begin in April of this year with completion in January of 2013.  For Hydro One, our crews continue to work on the Bruce to Milton Transmission Reinforcement Project. The project consists of a 108-mile double-circuit 500,000-volt transmission line, the new line doubles current transmission capacity to accommodate additional wind in nuclear generation sources to the load centers in the Toronto area. We completed LCRA's Clear Creek to [indiscernible] 345,000-volt line spanning approximately 88 miles in January of this year. Originally, this project was scheduled to be completed in June of 2011. We will continue to work on smaller scale transmission projects for LCRA throughout this year and expect construction activity to increase in 2012.  Last week, we substantially completed construction under our contract with Allegheny Energy on the TrAIL project. This project was originally scheduled to be completed on June 1 of 2011. Quanta’s scale and expertise allowed us to deploy additional resources to complete both LCRA and TrAIL projects ahead of schedule.  In the first quarter of this year, we have been awarded significant electric transmission contracts by CapX2020 and Lone Star Transmission. Estimated revenues from these projects are not in total our 12-month backlog. CapX2020 is a joint initiative of 11 transmission-owning utilities proposing to build infrastructure under what is expected to be the largest transmission expansion in the upper Midwest in 30 years. Quanta's subsidiary, M. J. Electric, was one of two contractors selected for this project. CapX2020 has released the first group of projects known as Group 1 which includes four transmission projects totaling over 700 miles. The construction portion of the CapX2020 Group 1 expansion is estimated to be $660 million.  Quanta's first project is the Bemidji-Grand Rapids project which is a 230,000-volt, 70-mile transmission line that will start this fall with a targeted completion in 2013. Today, we are also announcing that Quanta was awarded contracts for two projects for Lone Star Transmission related to the Texas Competitive Renewable Energy Zone or CREZ. These awards showcased our diverse service offering and ability to meet customer requirements on all project phases.  Under the transmission contract, Quanta will oversee, manage and perform all activities related to the construction of more than 90 miles of 345,000-volt, double-circuit, two-bundle transmission line which spans across Fisher, Jones, Scurry and Shackelford counties. Specific services include site preparation, foundation and structure installations, wire stringing and interconnections. The other contract is for the engineering, procurement and construction services for five separate switchyard facilities to support the 345,000-volt transmission system. Under the switchyard contract, Quanta will provide engineering design, procurement, installation, commissioning and testing services for five switchyards in Bosque, Eastland, Hill, Navarro and Shackelford counties in Texas. We continue to be actively engaged in pursuing other CREZ projects with proposals outstanding with three additional utilities. We expect additional awards to be made over the next several months.  In the fourth quarter, we continue to see positive indications that utilities are increasing their spending on distribution maintenance, as we have had a request for additional crews from utilities in California and in the Southeast U.S. We believe we need to wait at least another quarter to determine whether the positive activity we are seeing in this area is sustainable.  Our smart grid efforts continue throughout the U.S. We're actively supporting smart grid efforts for utilities including CenterPoint Energy, American Electric Power and utilities in Alabama and Florida.  The fourth quarter brought increased momentum to the renewable portion of our business as well. We exceeded our 2010 renewable energy revenue projections. Renewable revenue for the fourth quarter of 2010 totaled $69 million. For the full year, renewable energy revenues were $313 million as compared to $120 million for the full year of 2009.  During the quarter, we continued to work under three EPC contracts secured in the third quarter of 2010 for utility-scale solar installations owned jointly by Eurus Energy America and NRG Solar. We completed the engineering phase and initiated construction on the 20-megawatt Sun City Project, the 19-megawatt Sand Drag Project and the 6-megawatt Avenal Park Project.  Also during the quarter, we continued to work on our third utility-scale solar project at the Denver International Airport under our contract with Constellation Energy. We continue to expect double-digit growth in renewable energy revenues for the full year of 2011 compared to 2010, with solar opportunities contributing significantly to the growth. We expect the wind market to continue to be depressed through 2011, while solar opportunity will almost double to a two-gigawatt market in North America compared to last year.  Overall, we are encouraged by the trends we are experiencing in the Electric Power segment, particularly the increase in electric transmission and renewable energy activity. We expect strong growth in revenues and improving margins in 2011 in this segment despite a slow start to the year.  First quarter results for this segment were impacted by adverse weather which has slowed production on all of our projects, particularly in the midwest and northeast, as well as costs associated with ramping down on the LCRA and TrAIL projects and beginning to mobilize resources on Sunrise, Tehachapi 6 and 11, the Greater Springfield Reliability Project and the Central Maine Power Project.  We should begin to recognize revenue and margin benefits once these projects ramp up construction in the second quarter and beyond. During the quarter, revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment were approximately $399.5 million. This compares to approximately $351.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2009. We continue to experience weather challenges in the executing gas pipeline projects in the fourth quarter which adversely affected margins. Despite the project challenges we have discussed during the last two quarters, we have had many projects that have met or exceeded expectations.  The Natural Gas and Pipeline segment generated a respectable 8.5% operating margin for the full year of 2010. 12-month backlog in the Natural Gas segment was $744 million, down $104 million over the same period last year. The largest contributor to this decrease in the lack of gas transmission, was the lack of gas transmission backlog, which is not unusual given the timing of project awards that are individually large in size and scope. We are currently in the height of the bidding season for transmission pipeline work and are confident we will secure additional pipeline opportunities over the next three to four months. Currently, we are bidding or negotiating over $1.1 billion of proposed projects yet to be awarded that will be built this year. Additionally, we are beginning to see pipeline construction capacity tightening for 2011 work, especially capacity to build larger diameter pipelines.  We anticipate our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues and margins in 2011 to be comparable with 2010, and we'll provide more clarity once we get through the bidding season.  Building on the success for our Electric Power, construction and maintenance outsourcing agreement, we also recently announced a five-year contract with Puget Sound Energy for Natural Gas construction and maintenance services across the utility's six-county service area. The contract is expected to produce approximately $400 million in revenue during this five-year term. In the fourth quarter of 2010, revenues from our Telecommunications segment were approximately $83.4 million compared to approximately $94.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. This decrease in revenue is primarily due to reduced spending by service providers on their fiber buildout initiatives. Total backlog in this segment increased approximately 46% to $450 million at December 31, 2010, compared to December 31, 2009. This increase can be attributed to the growing momentum in broadband stimulus project awards.  During the second half of 2010, we were awarded $176 million in engineering and construction contracts related to stimulus. We expect the rate of awards to accelerate throughout the first half of 2011. We have already been awarded approximately $50 million of additional engineering and construction projects related to the stimulus program since the first of this year.  Broadband stimulus revenues recognized in the fourth quarter of 2010 were approximately $3 million. Most of our customers are expected to begin construction in the second quarter. With that said, we expect revenue and margin improvement in the second quarter and very strong in the second half of this year. Our largest single stimulus award, which we recently announced, was the KINBER project to engineer and construct a 1,600-mile offering throughout 39 counties in Pennsylvania. KINBER, or the Keystone Initiative for Network Based Education and Research, is a coalition of colleges, universities, research institutions and healthcare organizations, which received approximately $100 million in federal grants to connect the state's higher institutions of learning to national research institutions throughout a 10-gigabit ethernet network.  As part of the contract, Quanta, through its Sunesys Fiber Licensing subsidiary will provide $24 million in matching funds over a two-year period and in return receive certain rights related to the access of the network.  The 4G and LTE rollouts by wireless carriers are expected to accelerate this year after delays in 2010 primarily related to technology availability. We believe we are in the early stages of a major upgrade by wireless carriers striving to keep up with increasing bandwidth requirements to support the ever increasing demands of technology platforms, such as iPad and Netflix.  Looking forward, we expect long-term evolution or LTE initiatives to continue to gain momentum over the next 12 to 24 months. We expect WiMAX and LTE initiatives to stimulate capital spending by wireless carriers over at least the next five years, and we are certainly pursuing opportunities in this area.  Despite challenges in the fourth quarter of 2010 and the first quarter of 2011, we expect our Telecommunications segment revenues to show double-digit growth for the full year of 2011, with an improvement in margins compared to 2010.  In the fourth quarter of 2010, revenues from our Fiber Optic Licensing segment were approximately $28 million. This compares to approximately $23 million in revenue for the fourth quarter of 2009. Our Fiber Optic Licensing segment will benefit greatly from the KINBER contract which allows us priority access to the 1,600-mile loop. Fiber overbuilds on this network will be at significantly reduced construction and right away cost. Also backhaul fiber from cell sites related to LTE initiatives is also providing to be a nice opportunity for our Fiber Licensing business moving forward. In summary, we expect revenue and margin growth in 2011, 2012 and beyond despite a slow start to this year. Collectively, across all segments of our business, we're seeing market momentum and a strong and positive outlook for our company. We maintained our market and pricing leadership coming out of this recession, and we are optimistic about capturing our share of the opportunities going forward. Now we'll turn the call over to James Haddox.
James Haddox: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.11 billion for the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to $985.4 million in the prior year's fourth quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 12.3% quarter-over-quarter. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $33.7 million or $0.16 per diluted share. The growth in consolidated revenues in the fourth quarter of '10 was driven primarily by an increase in revenues from our Electric Power and Infrastructure Services segment of 15.3% quarter-over-quarter. A portion of this growth resulted from an acquisition during the quarter. However, excluding the acquisition, the Electric Power segment revenues would have grown 10.3% quarter-over-quarter.  An increase of 13.7% in revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline Infrastructure Services segment also contributed to our revenue growth during the quarter. These revenue increases were partially offset by decreased revenues from our Telecommunications segment of 11.6%. Our consolidated gross margin declined from 19.4% in 4Q '09 to 14.4% in 4Q of '10. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to lower gross margins in our Natural Gas and Telecommunications segments. Selling, general and administrative expenses were comparable to last year's fourth quarter at approximately $95 million. We completed major acquisitions during the fourth quarters of both 2009 and 2010 which resulted in acquisition and integration expenses during both quarters.  Excluding these expenses, our G&A expenses would have been $86.5 million in 4Q of 2010 compared to $88.8 million in 4Q of '09. Selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding acquisition and integration costs, decreased from 9% to 7.8% of revenues during the fourth quarter of 2010, primarily due to the increase in overall revenues, while G&A expenses remained relatively flat.  Our consolidated operating margin before amortization expense decreased from 9.8% in 4Q of '09 to 5.9% in 4Q of '10 as a result of the lower gross margins previously mentioned, partially offset by lower G&A as a percentage of revenues.  Amortization of intangible assets decreased from $23.7 million in 4Q '09 to $10.2 million in 4Q '10 due to the runoff of amortization related to backlog intangibles associated with the large acquisition we've completed in the fourth quarter of '09, partially offset by amortization related to intangible assets recorded from our 4Q of '10 acquisition.  Drilling further down into the details of our results by segment, Electric Power segment revenues were up about $79 million quarter-over-quarter or about 15.3%. This increase was due to increases in all major types of work in the Electric Power segment, transmission, distribution and alternative energy, coupled with approximately $26 million in revenues from the acquisition of Valard in the fourth quarter of 2010. Emergency restoration revenues were flat at about $16 million for the fourth quarters of both 2009 and 2010.  The operating margin in the Electric Power segment was 10.0% for the fourth quarter compared to 9.2% in last year's fourth quarter, primarily due to increases in revenues described earlier, while G&A costs within the segment remained constant, and therefore decreased as a percentage of revenues.  Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter, approximately 13.7% to about $399.5 million in 4Q '10 due primarily to increased gas transmission revenues from new projects. The majority of the larger projects in 2009 were substantially complete earlier in the fourth quarter of 2009. However, due to the combined effects of delays in the second quarter and third quarters of 2010, a larger portion of project work was performed in this year's fourth quarter. Operating margin in the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment was 5.5% in 4Q of '10 compared to 15.5% in 4Q '09. This decrease is due to difficult weather patterns which carried over from the third quarter into an early winter season and led to higher than anticipated costs on certain larger gas transmission jobs.  Revenues from our Telecommunications segment decreased approximately $10.9 million or 11.6% to approximately $83.4 million in 4Q of '10, primarily due to lower revenues from fiber-to-the-premise build-out initiatives, as well as lower long-haul fiber revenues as a result of reduced capital spending by our customers, partially offset by increased revenues from telecom engineering services associated with stimulus-related projects.  Operating margin in the Telecommunications segment was 2.8% in 4Q of '10 compared to 7.1% in 4Q '09. This decrease is a result of continued competitive pricing pressure due to the lower overall customer spending, as well as the overall lower revenues and its impact on this segment's ability to cover certain fixed overhead costs. Fiber Optic Licensing segment revenues were approximately $28 million for the fourth quarter of 2010 or an increase of about 21% as a result of our continued investment in fiber optic network expansion and the associated revenues from licensing the right to use point-to-point fiber optic telecommunications facilities.  Operating margin in the Fiber Optic Licensing segment was 48.0% in 4Q of '10 which is typical for this segment. When discussing operating margins by segment, we do not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense to our segments, therefore the previous discussion about operating margin by segment excludes the effects of such expenses.  Corporate and unallocated costs decreased about $5.8 million to $42.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 as compared to 4Q '09, primarily due to $13.5 million in decreased amortization expense due to the amortization of backlog-related intangibles associated with the major acquisition in 4Q of '09, partially offset by amortization related to intangible assets recorded from our 4Q '10 acquisition. This decrease in amortization expense was partially offset by higher acquisition and integration costs during 4Q of '10 as compared to 4Q of '09, as well as higher salaries and related benefits cost primarily due to increased personnel. Our tax rate of 37.2% this quarter was lower than we forecasted as a result of the release of a portion of a valuation allowance on certain foreign tax credits due to better visibility on foreign sourced income due to the acquisition of Valard, the ability to deduct a higher portion of the Valard acquisition costs than we originally expected, and the recording of tax benefits resulting from the filing of certain amended tax returns.  Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $33.7 million or $0.16 per diluted share. Net income attributable to common stock in 4Q of '09 was $43.9 million or $0.21 per diluted share. Adjusted diluted earnings per share is calculated in today's press release. It was $0.23 for the fourth quarter of 2010 as compared to $0.31 for 4Q of '09. Cash flow from operations, less net capital expenditures of about $31 million, resulted in approximately $230 million in free cash flow for the quarter. The free cash flow during the fourth quarter of 2010 was primarily due to the significant reduction in receivables and unbilled balances from the third quarter, the result of the seasonal nature of our work. For the full year of 2010, cash flow from operations, less net capital expenditures of about $124 million, resulted in approximately $116 million in free cash flow despite revenue growth of 18 ½% for the year. EBITA for the fourth quarter of 2010 was about $64.7 million or 5.9% of revenues compared to about $96.1 million or 9.8% of revenues for the fourth quarter of 2009. EBITA for all of 2010 was $294.8 million. Adjusted EBITDA was about $105 million for the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to $132.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2009. And adjusted EBITDA for the full year 2010 was $434.2 million.  Our days sales outstanding, or DSOs, were 68 days at December 31, 2010, versus 76 days at September 30 of 2010 and 63 days at December 31 of '09. Cost in excess of billings, which is a component of the DSO calculation, was $135 million at December 31 and compares to $266 million at the end of 3Q of '10 and $61 million as of the end of the fourth quarter of last year. The increase in cost in excess of billings since 12/31 of '09 was due primarily to the timing of the completion of various gas transmission projects and the nature of the contractual billings.  In last year's fourth quarter, certain gas transmission projects were completed earlier in the quarter. And the contractual terms in respects of billings were allowed earlier in the projects as compared to this year's fourth quarter where a number of the projects continued to work throughout the fourth quarter and also did not allow for billing until various milestones were met.  The calculation of EBITA and EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures and the definitions of these and DSOs can be found in the Investors and Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. At the end of the year, we had about $539 million in cash after utilizing cash of $146 million to redeem our convertible debt and $130 million net of cash required for an acquisition during the year. We had $177 million in letters of credit outstanding under our $475 million credit facility, primarily to secure our insurance program with no outstanding loans, leaving $298 million of availability. The combination of our cash balance and availability under our credit facility gave us about $837 million in total liquidity as of December 31 of 2010.  Concerning our outlook for the future, our estimate of 1Q '11 EPS based on revenues of between $775 million to $825 million is $0.02 to $0.03 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to $0.11 in GAAP EPS in the first quarter of '10. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 1Q '11 includes an estimate of $6.2 million for non-cash compensation expenses and another $6.2 million of amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter is expected to be $0.06 to $0.07.  Our estimate for 2011 EPS based on revenues of between $4.1 billion and $4.4 billion is $0.80 to $0.90 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. This compares to $0.72 in GAAP EPS in 2010. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 2011 includes an estimate of $25 million for non-cash compensation expenses and $26 million of amortization expenses. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for 2011 are expected to be $0.95 to $1.05.  We're currently forecasting net income attributable to non-controlling interest to be approximately $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2011 and $11 million for the year. This ramp-up over 2010 is due to increases in work on existing joint venture projects, as well as increased amounts associated with our contract with Central Maine Power.  For additional guidance, we're currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 39% to 39.5% for 2011. We expect our diluted share count to be about 216 million shares for 2011. We expect CapEx for all of 2011 to be approximately $180 million to $210 million, which includes CapEx for our Fiber Licensing segment of about $35 million. This compares to CapEx for all of 2010 of about $150 million.  This concludes our formal presentation, and we will now open the line for Q&A. Taddeo?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Number one, if you look at the guidance and outlook you've issued for 2011, and really putting that together with your qualitative commentary on improving revenues and improving margins, could you talk a bit about the drivers you're seeing this year versus last year? And where you have been perhaps conservative about this at this point last year when you issued 2010 guidance? And number two, could you tell us about what you're assuming for pipeline spread utilization for outside of the first quarter, and how that compares to what it's likely to be as embedded in your guidance for the first quarter?
John Colson: Tahira, I'll start with the pipeline question. I mean we've got -- at the end of the year we were $104 million short on backlog. We've signed the Puget Sound contract. That's going to add about $60 million in backlog for the year, and that's $400 million in total backlog. We think that we'll need about $300 million, $350 million in additional transmission work. We see visibility into that this year in order to meet the guidance numbers. So utilization right now, I mean, we're working for four or five customers right now doing various pipeline work. And we think that there are still plenty of opportunities out there this year. We're in the middle of the bidding season, and we see some good visibility into additional work this year. On your Electric Power question, I didn't quite catch the comparison. I think you're trying to say what's different this year than last?
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Yes, just generally, given that your last year’s guidance ended up being a little aggressive, or there were things that ended up working against you, what have you built in or embedded in your guidance that might be a little more conservative and where are you a little more optimistic?
John Colson: Let me try to answer that. If you're looking at 2011 and looking at a very slow start in the first quarter of this year, it's very hard to be too optimistic going forward. These days, it seems it's difficult to get projects started on time. And so timing of projects is a big part of trying to make a forecast for the year. We have a lot of things going for us this year. We have stronger backlogs than we did last year, and more project awards even after the first of the year than we did last year. However, again, because we do have such a slow start this year in the first quarter because of the things that Jim outlined, extreme weather conditions that everyone has seen, the ramping down of two major transmission projects and the mobilization of resources and starting five major new transmission projects and plus, of course, the normal seasonality in our Natural Gas business contributing to a very low first quarter, I think it probably pays to have some conservatism when you're giving guidance for the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC: Given what your guidance was last year, I mean, how much did your experience, given the timing of some of your currencies or projects last year, impact your decision making on giving guidance this year, especially in the context of -- at least in Jim's comments, what was a pretty bullish outlook for the ramp of a lot of these projects like Sunrise and PATH, et cetera?
John Colson: I think that you have to be very cautious as I say because of the way the world is today. Projects sometimes don't start as they are anticipated to start. So you have to be very cautious when giving a yearly guidance. Last year, I think, everything worked fairly well except the margins fell short in the third and fourth quarter because of some weather events in areas that shouldn't have had weather events. And we are seeing changing weather patterns where we're seeing the swamps of Louisiana are dry, and the plains of Kansas are wet, just crazy stuff. But those things will all work their way out, you’ll just have some bad weather events, and then you'll have some bad weather events that cause increased revenues. So those will all work out over time but it's the timing of projects that you have to be cautious with in giving guidance for the year.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC: And then I guess the follow-up question is, and I guess this would be for the cynical people out there. As you look at the guidance, is there also not just the timing aspect -- but when you look at the margin in your backlog, is that different than maybe last year or what your expectations were coming in? Or is that still in line with maybe what you’ve talked about previously?
John Colson: No, our margins of backlog continue to be strong and the reason for optimism in our backlog numbers.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Will Gabrielski with Gleacher & Company.
Will Gabrielski - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Following up on the margin question first. So in Q1, you were mobilizing and not working? And then for the rest of the year you should be working more and doing less mobilization work, so can we say that maybe 2009 would be the margin level that we should use as a baseline for what this year might look like for rest of year, or is that still something that we really can't pinpoint yet?
John Colson: Well, we always have talked about our margin's goals at 9% to 12% operating income. And except for the first quarter this year, we expect to be in that range for the rest of the year.
Will Gabrielski - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: And then the follow-up just quickly on pipeline business, I guess, what's your expectation on timing and then the mix U.S. versus Canada, and any impact from some of the rigs moving out of gas shale and into more liquid-rich shale like the Bakken or Eagle Ford, and what your expectation would be if that happens over the next two years, is that a positive or a negative for you?
John Colson: We continue to see the shale build out well, I mean, obviously the oil-rich areas are very active right now, the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. But we're starting to see work start in the Marcellus as well. And certainly the work in the oil sands continues as well in Canada. So it's a very active market across both shale and oil sands, and we don't see that letting up anytime over the next few years.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.
Peter Chang - Credit Suisse: It's actually Peter Chang in for Jamie. Is there any way that you could quantify the Q1 impact of the harsh weather? And then maybe if there were ramp-up costs on these four, five projects or wind-down costs?
John Colson: Yes, I think there's three things there that are negatively affecting the first quarter. It's hard to say that one is 30%, one is 35% and the other is 25%. It's kind of three things and equally important. Extreme weather certainly has had the biggest impact in January. We expect that to moderate, of course, in February and March. But we do have those ramp-up, timing of projects, the lumpiness of projects, finishing early on a couple of projects and not being able to start on the five projects immediately after the ramp-down of the first two. So some of those issues that are causing it, and I would hesitate to say that one was more than the other. We'll have to wait and see and look at it in hindsight and be able to tell you a little better after it's over I think.
Peter Chang - Credit Suisse: The cadence for the quarters for the year, usually Q3 is seasonally your strongest. But given Jim's comments about expanding margins and revenues as the year progresses, should we think about Q4 as possibly being the most robust quarter for 2011?
James Haddox: I think that could possibly be. I mean, weather will play a factor into that, Peter, but we should have momentum into the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of next year. I mean, a lot of these projects are multiyear. John and I listed a list of eight to 10 projects, and they should continue through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter next year and into 2013 and beyond.
John Colson: We’ll still have the seasonal aspects in the fourth quarter as worst weather and holiday season and so forth and so on. But the timing of some of these Natural Gas project awards could kick in the fourth quarter and offset that. It's just difficult to say at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Sanders with Stephens Inc.
Stephen Sanders - Stephens Inc.: I don't know if you gave the approximate dollar value of Lone Star and/or the three other CREZ projects that you're bidding, but if you could that would be helpful. And then just give us a sense of -- in the Electric segment, what you’ve baked into the guidance with regard to projects that could be awarded and actually start construction this year?
John Colson: Steve, we can't talk about Lone Star specifically and the dollar value. But if you look at the ones that we announced this year, the Puget gas contract, Group 1 CapX2020, our portion of that and Lone Star for projects, you're in excess of $1.2 billion in total backlog and probably $200 million of that will come this year.
Stephen Sanders - Stephens Inc.: And then how do we think about your guidance on the electric side relative to projects that could potentially get awarded here in the next few months and actually hit the P&L by the fourth quarter?
James Haddox: Well, price is a big piece there. I mean, we expect more CREZ awards that will be released this year, that will start construction this year. That's the big opportunity. And then you've got the projects up at BC Hydro as well that could potentially start towards the end of this year. Those are the two big ones that I'm thinking of right now that we haven't discussed.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Craig Irwin with Wedbush Securities.
Craig Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Sorry to go back to the same subject of guidance again and again. But I guess, this is a pretty important topic. If we take the midpoint of your revenue guidance range for the fiscal year and your 12-month backlog, and then adjust that for the roughly $125 million to $150 million in implied book and burn in that business this year, sort of suggests that you're looking for fast book and burn business around $1.25 billion, and that compares to roughly $1.6 billion a year ago. Now given all the data points out there showing that there's a fairly substantial improvement in your end markets, did you change the parameters to include projects in your backlog or become more conservative about certain types of work when you put the forecast together?
John Colson: I think that goes along with what I had said earlier, when you're looking at the first quarter start as we are, you have to be a little bit cautious in giving the guidance for the year. Again, projects have a tendency to be delayed. And whether they start in the fourth quarter this year or third quarter this year or the first quarter of next year makes a big difference in your guidance. So there's certainly some caution that needs to be used in providing that yearly guidance.
James O'Neil: So maybe, Craig, to help you guys out a little bit, I don't know if this is what you guys are pointing at, but conservatism and guidance, to give you a feel for that if you go back and you look at last year's backlog compared to where our revenues ended up, excluding the $26 million from Valard which was an acquisition, we were about 63% in backlog. And if you take the low end of our guidance this year, we're at about 70% in backlog. So you could interpret that as being some conservatism as far as the revenue guidance because our backlog was so much stronger this year than it was last year at this time. But you still have to factor in the other things that these guys have talked about which is weather and delays on projects. So just using the numbers, you could infer that we're somewhat conservative this year as far as our revenue guidance is concerned. And we're also following up a year where we had to change our guidance during the year, last year. So we should have more visibility into next quarter too so of the overall business, especially on these transmission projects and gas awards so the environment…
Craig Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc.: I guess, nobody is going to fault you for being conservative. But just one thing to check, there were a few pretty large projects that were in the outlook last year, potentially could've been awarded last year, now we've got others showing up particularly the projects in Canada and the CREZ awards. Have there been any major projects that have disappeared or gone into sort of sustained delays where you don't think that they are likely to be awarded in the next several quarters?
John Colson: The PATH project was a notable project last year. It's the only one that really got delayed for an extended period of time. I guess, there was one, the one in New Jersey also. Susquehanna Roseland was another one, I guess, that got put off for extended period of time. No cancellations that I'm aware of, but those two did get pushed out quite a ways.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: I was hoping you could clarify on an earlier comment where you said you had $1.1 billion of business in the Natural Gas Pipeline business that you're bidding and negotiating on. How much of that is actually being negotiated on versus bidding on?
James Haddox: Carter, I don't really want to get into that. It's kind of sensitive. But I think the way to answer that is we're going to probably have about $350 million of opportunities that seem real. I'd say it's 50/50 may be negotiated if you want to get a break on that. And that's how we came up with the $350 million in opportunities we have for the year that we feel are real for this year that are in uncommitted right now.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: And then shifting to telecom, as much of the business sounds like it’ll be booked and shipped in 2011 as it relates to the stimulus. Can give us a sense on to how much capacity you have in this space, and what's a reasonable range for telecom revenue in 2011?
John Colson: We have certainly more capacity than there is work that we are likely to get this year. Hopefully we can reach some capacity constraints in later years. But I don't think that capacity in telecom is going to be an issue at all in 2011.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stuart Bush with RBC Capital Markets.
Stuart Bush - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Given that we've seen continued delays for the U.S. approval of the Keystone XL project, is there any chance that spends for that project could be out for bid before timing is determined, and what would be the trigger for you to be able to put any winds there into backlog later in the year?
John Colson: Yes, that project is up in the air. We will have to be very cautious before we put any bid in backlog because of the difficulties that everyone’s aware of, with the regulatory process. But I truly believe that project will go forward, and that there'll be some reason to – reasonableness, I guess I should say, to the process and that, that project will get built.
Stuart Bush - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then secondly, can you comment on the trend in the utility O&M budget and what you foresee for distribution spending in 2011?
John Colson: Distribution is difficult. We're seeing some signs that there's going to be some recovery this year in distribution spending. But we're every bit cautious about that because it's not as robust as we'd like to see. And so we're very cautious in projecting much growth in distribution spending this year. I think it will be better definitely than last year, but it may not be much better.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Wanted to ask you about -- I'm a transmission bull, but there's a couple of things out there that I look at and wonder should I be concerned about the potential impact to transmission projects. Let me just throw out three things. We had a bill introduced in the senate a couple of days ago challenging the FERC on cost allocation. Also we're in a world of higher commodity prices, and I wonder if the rising construction costs would cause some utilities to push out projects. And then the third issue could be slowdown in renewables construction, particularly wind with the expiration of the tax credits. Should I be worried about any of those factors as it relates to kind of the transmission cycle here?
John Colson: I've never really seen a project that -- address your middle question first about commodity pricing. I've never seen a project once it has momentum to be stopped because of the cost of commodities. The utilities are able to pass those costs on to the ratepayers if they are legitimate costs. So that has never really been a factor. Regulatory issues are always a factor. And whether they're state, local or federal, those are always a factor, and those are probably the most destructive, if I can say that, things for construction work are those regulations. And whether a senator is opposed or whether a politician likes the line or doesn't like the line and is getting pressure from environmentalists, those kinds of things are difficult to predict, they cause our utility customers lots of problems and cost the ratepayers lots of money because of that uncertainty. So those are factors that we've lived with for decades. And once they're to the point where these projects are that we've listed, typically, they move forward. Now they can be delayed for 30, 60, 90, 120 days if someone files a lawsuit and so forth. But typically, they move forward once they're in the status that they're in at this point.
James Haddox: To address the wind question, Adam, yes, we think that wind is going to be depressed this year as well. But we're very optimistic that solar will replace the downturn in any wind revenues, plus add additional revenues to get us some nice growth in '11 over '10.
Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: When you guys think about the Natural Gas business and you look back to the prior peak, '07, '08, first half of '09, really strong margins in Nat Gas, lots of long haul, wide diameter pipe projects. As we think about the current cycle, '11, '12, '13, a lot of shale work, smaller diameters, smaller length of haul, more competition, I mean, how would you compare last cycle, this cycle, particularly as it relates to the margin opportunity?
John Colson: I think that there are different factors in play as you pointed out. However, there's a lot of long haul as well when you count in the oil sands in Canada and getting that product piped around the country as well as all of these little pipes that you're talking about. Certainly, that's a very, very competitive business. But all those little pipes lead to a big pipe, and therefore I think that you're going to see a lot of large diameter construction as well. So there are some differences, but I don't think they're meaningful overall.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Can we just go into pricing, what you're currently seeing as of today per Nat Gas as well as the electrical side?
James Haddox: I think on the electric side, you're seeing a lot of the capacity being used up on the transmission side. So we haven't really changed our pricing. But I think that some of our competitors have started to increase their pricing as the capacity’s out of the market. And to some degree, that's probably the case on the gas side. Historically, we've not been very successful in the early bidding seasons because we've always put pretty good margins in our gas work. And then as capacity works out from our competitors, then prices tend to get to our levels, and we're typically more successful later in the bidding cycle than we are in the early cycle. And I think that'll be the case this year as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Do you have a renewable revenue target for 2011 that you could provide?
James Haddox: That would be about $350 million, Steve.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And how would you expect that to be split between solar and wind roughly?
James Haddox: $250 million all in all, solar.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And then just in terms of the pipeline outlook, it sounded in your opening remarks that you were looking for approximately flat revenue and operating profit in 2011 versus 2010, is that right?
James Haddox: That's right. With the current guidance we've given, that's correct.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: What is the organic revenue growth assumption embedded in your guidance?
James Haddox: Yes, I think electric, just the electric was 16. I mean, with Valard, electric we had forecasted that it would grow somewhere in the mid to high-twenties. But without Valard, electric should grow in the 15% to 20% range. Telecom is about the same. Telecom doesn't have any acquisitions. So telecom's between 15% to 20% range. Gas is flat to down in the embedded guidance.
Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And as it relates to CapX2020, Jim, you mentioned or referred to Group 1 being a total of $660 million in construction value. Is that the total opportunity for Quanta, or is that the shared value between Quanta and MYR?
James O'Neil: That's the shared value in the Group 1 projects between us and the other contractor. And we'll get at least half of that, but half is the minimum.
Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: As it relates to the fiber leasing CapEx, what was the fiber leasing CapEx in 2010? And can you comment on the fiber leasing margins? I know they were 48% in this current quarter. Is that the expectation that you believe will play out over the next 12 to 24 months as well?
John Colson: Yes. I think our CapEx for fiber leasing was about the same, maybe it was high 20%.
James Haddox: I think it's 25% for '10, and we're seeing 30% to 35% for '11. I think fiber optic will probably grow in 2011 in high-single digits, maybe double digit.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Rogers with D.A. Davidson.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I'm not quite sure how to define this by the various end segments, but can you give us a sense of how much of your work now is large projects versus smaller work?
John Colson: Yes, I think that the large projects are becoming increasingly higher percentage of our work. But they're still not 50% of our work, more like 40% large project work, and I'm talking large project being over $25 million to $30 million, and the rest is small contract.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And is that across both the Electrical and the Natural Gas segments?
John Colson: Yes, probably it's true in Electric and Natural Gas. But probably Telecom, more of it comes from smaller projects.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And does that just inherently mean that we're going to have more volatile quarters?
John Colson: Well, no, it shouldn't. It should provide some stability.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I mean, with improved near-term visibility, but looking out a couple of quarters, I would think it would get more difficult.
John Colson: No, it shouldn't. Actually, the further out I think the better the visibility, the near term is those big projects get delayed for a few weeks, and that can cause you some difficulties. Long term, it will work itself out.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Beach with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess, on the gas pipeline opportunity right now and the outlook. I think that during the last few months, you've looked out, you've seen a larger bidding opportunity 2x a year ago. You're talking about flattish revenues, flattish operating profits, your operating profits were hurt pretty badly by the flooding in the last half of last year. So it sounds like to me that there may be a lot of projects out there, but your expectations to win are not as great. And it sounds like the margins backing out the impact of that flooding are lower in gas. Can you just expand on the whole bidding environment and the outlook going through 2011? And is there a large pipeline of additional gas projects that hasn't come up for bid yet?
John Colson: I think there's a couple of points we should make. One is projects bidding doesn't mean that projects will start in 2011 or that they'll have significant revenues in 2011. So a lot of the projects that are bidding are not going to have a lot of revenue in 2011, but they will be of course 2012-type projects or more revenue for 2012. Now we haven't changed our bidding outlook. If anything, we've become conservative in our guidance, we’re recognizing that we have to fill those voids that we have in that and we don't have it yet. And so we're probably a little bit more cautious this year than we were last year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Coleman with Sterne Agee.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I want to go back to the Telecom cable and the broadband stimulus award that you announced in the quarter. The NTIA is administering a handful of other projects that are equivalent or larger than the project you won. And I'm wondering if you could comment on how many of those you're bidding on, if they’re similar situations in terms of putting money into the project, as you did on the KINBER and when those projects are likely to be awarded.
James O'Neil: This is Jim. We're actually looking at a lot of projects, various sizes for stimulus funding. I mean, we continue -- that bidding activity continues to be robust. We think it'll be robust through the first half of the year and start winding down toward the second half of the year. But there are big opportunities out there and smaller opportunities. There's just a lot of activity in that space right now. And we think it will benefit us for the next two to three years on the construction side and engineering side.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: You gave a number of $1.1 billion on the gas side in terms of what you're bidding. Any kind of dollar figure in terms of what you're bidding on the Telecom cable?
John Colson: I don't think we have really quantified those numbers for this year. It continues to grow. We have pretty good visibility on what’s bid or going to be bid on the gas side. The telecom, because of the stimulus spending, that just keeps increasing. And I don't think we can quantify that very well.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: On your outlook for 2011, what are you targeting for corporate?
James Haddox: Corporate expenses are targeted to be about in the $80 million range. You have to be careful as to how you use that number because corporate and unallocated also includes non-cash compensation and amortization. So I mean, I gave you guys guidance on what we expected those two numbers to be, a total of about $51 million for 2011. So corporate should be somewhere around the $80 million number.
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of William Bremer with Maxim Group.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: Just a little color on the expected run rate, just for some housekeeping on SG&A going forward embedding Valard as well as price?
James Haddox: You're asking for guidance on the SG&A right as a total?
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: If you want to provide that for '11, sure. Or just give us a little color on the run rate, how we should reflect it quarterly.
James Haddox: I would look at -- I have to be careful here to make sure I give you apples and apples because of the fact that stock compensation is included in G&A expenses. So if you include stock compensation and G&A expenses, I would say we're going to be running somewhere -- we'll start somewhere around the, say, $84 million to $86 million level for the first quarter and then ramp up probably closer to the $88 million to, say, $92 million level for the rest of the quarters.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: So nothing as high as this, what we're seeing in this current quarter of $94.5 million?
James Haddox: Wait, I've got to includes stock compensation in those numbers, and I didn't do that just then. So you're talking about $95 million to $97 million, somewhere in that range, including stock compensation expense and G&A expenses for second, third and fourth quarters.
William Bremer - Maxim Group LLC: So second, third and fourth $95 million to $97 million; in the first quarter, a little lighter than that?
James Haddox: Right, you should be closer to, let's say, closer to $90 million in the first quarter including stock comp.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes the question-and-answer session. Please continue with any closing remark.
John Colson: I just want to thank everyone again for your participation in our fourth quarter and year-end conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial (303) 590-3030, followed by the access code of 4410774 and the pound sign. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: James O'Neil - President and Chief Operating Officer James Haddox - Chief Financial Officer Kip Rupp - Managing Partner John Colson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Merger, Acquisition & Disposition Committee and Chairman of Small Merger, Acquisition & Disposition Committee
Analysts: Stuart Bush - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Scott Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Stephen Sanders - Stephens Inc. Craig Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc. Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets LLC John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co. Jeffrey Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC Justin Hauke David Martin Lowish Will Gabrielski - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp of DRG&L. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip Rupp: Okay, thank you, Luke, and welcome, everyone, to Quanta Services conference call for the year 2010 third quarter results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you would like to be on the e-mail or fax distribution list to receive future press releases for Quanta, or if you had any technical difficulties this morning and did not receive your e-mail or fax, please call our offices at DRG&L at (713) 529-6600. You can also sign up for e-mail information and alerts by going through the Investors & Media section of Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available via webcast by also going to Quanta's website at quantaservices.com. In addition, there's a telephonic recorded instant replay that will be available for the next seven days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed to set forth in the press release. Please remember that information recorded on this call speaks only as of today, November 3, 2010, and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. This conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include any statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements, and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect Quanta's forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained through the SEC's website at sec.gov. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Colson, Quanta's Chairman and CEO. John?
John Colson: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Quanta Services Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. To start the call this morning, I will provide a summary of the quarter results with added insight on the impact of current industry circumstances and overall economic conditions. My comments will be followed by an operational review by Jim O'Neil, President and Chief Operating Officer; and a review of the financial results by James Haddox, our Chief Financial Officer. As always, we welcome your questions following our remarks. Revenues for the third quarter increased over 50% to $1.2 billion compared to $780.8 million in the prior year's third quarter. Third quarter revenues for 2010 include revenues for Price Gregory, which was acquired on October 1, 2009. Additional activity in our Electric Power segment was the other main contributor to our revenue increase. Emergency Restoration revenues had no significant effect on the quarterly comparison. The revenues in our Electric Power and Natural Gas Pipeline segments were about as expected for the quarter, however, various weather and regulatory-related project delays reduced our margins. We believe this is a temporary impact that affected our third quarter and will affect our fourth quarter. But we remain committed to maintaining appropriate margins for our work. This is the first decline in margins that we have had in 12 consecutive quarters. We did achieve notable accomplishments this quarter and are starting to see increased project momentum in certain segments of our business. During the quarter, we secured contracts for the construction of two solar facilities totaling approximately 39 megawatts near Avenal, California. Work under this contract with Avenal Solar Holdings has already been initiated. We were awarded a 200-mile fiber project in North Carolina. This is the first construction project we have secured under the broadband stimulus program awards. The groundbreaking ceremony on this project was held last month. Work progressed in our contract with the construction of 200 miles of natural gas pipelines in Wyoming for Bison Pipeline LLC, and we've progressed with construction of two solar parks in Ontario, Canada totaling 18 megawatts under our contract with SunEdison. Subsequent to the third quarter end, we completed the acquisition of Valard construction, one of Canada's largest electric power line contractors. Valard is expected to contribute $225 million to $250 million of revenues in 2011. With an expanded Canadian footprint, we are better positioned to leverage the emerging opportunities in the Canadian energy market. Although there have been some delays, some projects, such as the Northeast Utilities, New England East-West Solution have begun. We also expect the Sunrise project in California to start soon following several months of delays. Additionally, five of the six utilities charge for building transmission lines in Texas, Competitive Renewable Energy Zone or CREZ, have issued bid request, and we are participating in most of them. Two BC Hydro projects are also out to bid. The latest report for the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, or NERC, reinforces that reliability concern continue [indiscernible] in some regions, particularly where electric transmission facilities have not been allowed to be constructed as planned. NERC reports that more than 39,000 circuit miles of new high-voltage transmission lines are projected to be added in the United States over the next 10 years. Regional delays, however, continue to plague projects. NERC estimates that across North America, 10 projects comprised with almost 6,500 miles of transmission that are considered delayed. Most of these are 400,000 volts or larger. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment has also seen a robust bidding season for projects that would commence in 2011. The quarter brought significant activity on the Bison project as well as other large transmission pipeline spreads. However, a couple of projects were negatively impacted by record rainfall. The pipeline explosion in California and other high visibility events have placed scrutiny on the country's aging pipeline infrastructure. More than 98,000 miles or 35% of the pipelines in the United States were built before 1960, meaning that many are approaching or past their 50-year life span. New legislation is already drafted and bill has introduced to enhance natural gas pipeline safety standards, to improve oversight and increase public communications regarding pipelines. As this legislation progresses, it has the potential to drive demand for pipeline integrity testing, maintenance and new construction, all services which we offer our customers. Additionally, the widescale focus of reducing carbon emissions continues to place attention on natural gas as a clean fuel choice. Although the production opportunity related to unconventional basin is still in its infancy, infrastructure is being put in place now to facilitate movement of natural gas as it is produced in the future. This is a secular spending trend and is occurring despite natural gas prices being at lower levels. While Telecom revenues decreased quarter-over-quarter, we are starting to see allocations of stimulus funding with dozens of projects being bid. Our organizations, which were awarded stimulus funds in the summer and early fall, are progressing through the environmental permitting process. When this is complete, employees [ph] will move to the engineering phase and the award of construction contracts. We have secured over $50 million of these projects in the past 60 days. Many of these were awarded after the 1st of October, so they're not included in our backlog numbers at September 30. If we continue to believe that 2011 and beyond will bring strong demand for our services and increase infrastructure spending in the industries we serve, our strong balance sheet, strategic comprehensive of service offerings and extensive resources remain our competitive advantages through which we will maintain our leading position in the industries we serve. Now I'll turn the call over to the Jim O'Neil, who will talk in more detail about key operational accomplishments during the quarter.
James O'Neil: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. As John stated, the industries we serve are currently in transition. During the third and into the fourth quarters, we experienced certain challenges in meeting our financial goals. However, we are beginning to see meaningful indicators of increased spending, strong bidding productivity and release of stimulus funds. We believe these developments will positively affect our business in 2011 and beyond. My review will provide more detail on the [indiscernible] factors contributing to both the third and fourth quarters. Starting with our Electric Power Segment in the third quarter of 2010, revenues from this segment were approximately $532.6 million. This compares to approximately $512.8 million in revenue for the third quarter of 2009. Twelve-month backlog in the Electric Power segment was up $147 million compared to backlog at June 30 of 2010. We are also seeing positive indications that distribution spending, which has been at low levels since the fourth quarter of last year, are showing signs of recovery. In addition, the much anticipated large transmission projects, which were previously awarded to us, are moving toward the construction phase. Several of these projects were previously forecasted to begin in the third and fourth quarters based on project awards and start dates communicated to us by our customers. Subsequently, start dates for three of these projects were pushed out adversely impacting revenues and margins for the second half of the year. During the past month, we started preliminary preparations on San Diego Gas & Electric Sunrise Powerlink Project. Recently, we were also awarded another major contract for the site preparation, tower foundation and assembly and stringing conductor on a large transmission project on the West Coast. In late September, Northeast Utilities' Greater Springfield Reliability Transmission Project received the remaining key approvals to proceed with construction of its $714 million transmission project, which is part of Northeast Utilities New England East-West Solution or NEWS projects. This much-anticipated project will provide stronger interconnections across Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island. We have initiated work under this contract and expect to receive materials late in the fourth quarter. Construction will be in full swing in 2011 with completion anticipated in 2015. Bidding activity in effect of Competitive Renewable Energy Zone or CREZ has increased significantly at the past several weeks. Since our last earnings call, we have submitted proposals to five of the six CREZ utilities for services ranging from engineering, substation construction, transmission construction or comprehensive engineer procure and construct or EPC services. We are currently developing three more proposals, which will be submitted over the next two weeks. We expect awards to be made over the next several months. We also continue to work on lower Colorado River Authority's CREZ and non-CREZ transmission projects. Work under our contract with Allegheny energy on its rail project progressed on schedule during the quarter. Currently, 97% of the structures and 80% of the conductors have been installed. This project is expected to complete in the first quarter of 2011. BC Hydro has recently prequalified contractors on the northwest and interior to lower mainland transmission lines. We expect contractor selection to occur in the first quarter and construction to begin in the second quarter of next year. We believe our recent acquisition of Valard Construction, one of Canada's largest electric power EPC contractors, positions Quanta with the necessary resources to potentially capitalize on these projects as well as other growth opportunities throughout Canada. We continue to make progress with the deployment of smart technologies such as meters, switches and required system upgrades to support CenterPoint's smart grid initiatives. Additionally, we have been actively supporting smart grid efforts for other utilities across the U.S. For example, in Louisiana, we are conducting smart meter change-out services and installation of automatic meter-reading substation equipment. We are performing similar substation work in Alabama. In Florida, we've successfully installed a pilot program, and we'll start the full smart meter deployment later this month. Water meters and reservoir [ph] systems are part of this project as well. For a different customer, we are installing smart single phase electric meters. And in Ohio, we are supporting 8-piece rollout of smart meters by the end of the year. The third quarter brought increased momentum to the renewable portion of our business. We remain on track to meet our 2010 renewable energy revenue projections. Renewable revenues for the third quarter of 2010 totaled $91 million compared to $34 million for the same period last year. Our year-to-date were notable revenue through 9/30 2010 as $182 million compared to $61 million over the same period last year. In the third quarter, we continue to work under an EPC contract with SunEdison for two 9 megawatts solar parks in Ontario Canada. Both solar facilities are near completion. During the quarter, we secured to EPC contracts or utility scale of solar installation owned jointly by Eurus Energy America and NRG solar. Under the contracts, we are providing comprehensive design and construction services for the 20-megawatt Sun City Project and the 19-megawatt Sand Drag Project. Engineering is almost completed and construction has recently started. We had expected these projects to begin construction on September 1. Also, during the quarter, we were awarded a contract by Constellation Energy for the construction of a 4.4-megawatt solar facility at the Denver International Airport. Upon completion, this will be the third utility scale of solar project we have installed at the BIA. In all, we expect strong double-digit growth in renewable revenues next year. Largely due to the growth in the PV solar industry, which is projected grow from a 1 gigawatt to a 2-gigawatt market. While wind installations across the U.S. continue to be at low levels, it remains an active part of our business, and we expect moderate growth over the next several years. During the quarter, revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment were approximately $552 million. This compares to approximately $132 million in the third quarter of 2009. Most of this revenue growth is attributable to the operations of Price Gregory, which we acquired at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2009. During the quarter, we were in full construction mode on 8 transmission pipeline projects using all of our non-spreads. Two of our pipeline projects generated lower gross margins for the quarter compared to our third and fourth quarter forecast due to adverse weather conditions. One project in Kansas experienced above average rainfall and in some areas over twice the average throughout most of the project. As a result, this project incurred substantial cost overruns due to slower production and planning. This project mobilized in the beginning of the third quarter and is now more than 95% complete. Our second project in the Florida Panhandle was impacted by the Tropical Storm Bonnie and Tropical Depression number five which also significantly increased project cost. This project mobilized in the third quarter and is now 90% complete. Both the Kansas and Florida jobs remain profitable despite the adverse weather conditions. The remaining five pipeline transmission projects are on schedule, and we anticipate completion as planned. Our transmission pipeline construction revenues will exceed $900 million for the full year 2010. 12-month backlog of our Natural Gas and Pipeline segment decreased $354 million at September 30 as compared to June 30, 2010. This reduction was expected as we neared completion on existing project and are now just entering into the bidding season for 2011 which expands into the second quarter of next year. Despite these challenges, the Natural Gas and Pipeline segment generated a respectable 9.6% operating income. We have already identified more than $2 billion in potential pipeline construction opportunities not yet awarded and expect backlog in this segment to increased significantly over the next two quarters. In the third quarter of 2010, revenues from our Telecom segment were approximately $93.6 million this quarter compared to approximately $114 million in the third quarter of 2009. This decrease in revenue is due primarily to decrease spending by service providers on their Fiber To The Home initiatives. However, during the last several weeks, we have seen increased activity relative to stimulus projects and in wireless long-term evolution or LTE initiatives. 12-month backlog in this segment increased $19 million compared to June 30, 2010. We recently were awarded a contract by MCNC, an independent nonprofit organization that employs advanced networking technology and systems to continuously improve learning and collaboration throughout North Carolina's education community. Under this agreement, Quanta will install approximately 200 miles of fiber in the Western Florida and North Carolina. We have also recently been awarded a project in Oregon for similar fiber installation services funded by the broadband stimulus program. Although slow to be funded, we continue to view stimulus projects as an important opportunity over the next three years. We believe we are well-positioned to provide the required engineering, outside plant construction and equipment installation services to our customers awarded funds under this federal program. Since our last call, we have secured several contracts for engineering services on stimulus project as our customers successfully progress to the required environmental impact process. Between now and the end of the year, we expect most-approved stimulus projects will complete the environmental assessment phase. We consider this a favorable indicator of customer spending to come as the phase of contracts released, instruction will increase throughout the end of the year and into the first half of 2011. As projects reach the construction phase, we will capture our share of these projects that have a three-year window to complete construction and commission. Looking forward, we expect long-term evolution or LTE initiatives to continue to gain momentum over the next 12 to 24 months. We're in the final stages of negotiation on certain LTE awards and expect WiMAX and LTE initiatives to stimulate capital spending by wireless carriers over the next several years. In the third quarter of 2010, revenues from our Fiber Licensing segment were approximately $28 million. This compares to approximately $22 million of revenue for third quarter of 2009. Backhaul fiber from cell sites related to LTE initiatives is proving to be a nice opportunity for our Fiber Licensing business moving forward. In summary, project delays and weather-related performance issues did affect the third quarter results as well as our estimate for fourth quarter revenues and margins. However, we believe the issues are short-term and our business outlook is bullish. We're seeing positive indicators in all of the industries we serve. This leads us to believe that 2011 and beyond will be strong years for infrastructure spending as customer work to address aging systems, strengthening their networks to support demand for new technologies and plan for the future of energy and communications. Now I will turn the call over to James Haddox, our Chief Financial Officer.
James Haddox: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we announced revenues of $1.21 billion for the third quarter of 2010 compared to $780.8 million in the prior year third quarter. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $62.8 million or $0.30 per diluted share. Our GAAP results were in line with our guidance for the third quarter. However, included in our GAAP earnings per diluted share for the third quarter of 2010 is $9.4 million of income or a benefit of $0.04 per diluted share due to the release of income tax contingencies from the exploration of various statutes of limitations related to federal and state tax returns. As I've said, consolidated revenues for the quarter were $1.21 billion reflecting growth of approximately 54.5% when compared to last year's third quarter. The growth in consolidated revenues in 3Q '10 was driven primarily by an increase in revenues from our Natural Gas and Pipeline infrastructure services segment as a result of the major acquisition on October 1, 2009 as well as an increase in revenues in our Electric Power infrastructure services segment. These increases were partially offset by decreased revenues from our Telecommunications infrastructure services segment primarily due to the decrease in spending by our customers on their FTT [ph] build-out initiatives. Our consolidated gross margin declined by 310 basis points from 18.9% in 3Q '09 to 15.8% in 3Q 10. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to lower margins in our Electric Power infrastructure services and Telecom infrastructure services segments, partially offset by improved margins in our Natural Gas and Pipeline infrastructure services segment despite the weather issues discussed previously. Although our natural gas margins were higher in 3Q '10 than 3Q '09, these margins were still lower than our overall gross margins, and as a result, our overall gross margins were negatively impacted by the segment making up a higher proportion of total revenues in the current quarter. Our G&A expenses increased $11.0 million to $82 million quarter-over-quarter. The majority of this increase was due to additional administrative expenses associated with the acquisition in 4Q of '09. For the third quarter of 2010, we recorded $3.3 million in losses on the sale of equipment compared to $1.0 million in 3Q of '09. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased from 9.1% to 6.8% of revenues during the third quarter of 2010 primarily due to the substantial increase in revenues. Our consolidated operating margins before amortization expense decreased 90 basis points from 9.8% in 3Q of 09 to 8.9% in 3Q of 2010. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $5.4 million in 3Q '09 to $13.4 million from 3Q '10 due to the increase in intangibles amortization resulting from a large acquisition completed in 4Q of '09. Going further down into the details of our results by segment, Electric Power infrastructure services segment revenues were up about $19.8 million quarter-over-quarter or about 3.9%. Electric distribution and renewable revenues increased, but were partially offset by a reduction from Electric Power transmission services revenues due to the timing of major projects. Emergency restoration revenues were lower than expected and came in at about $10 million per quarter. Operating margins in the Electric Power infrastructure services segment was 11.3% from the third quarter compared to 13% in last year's third quarter, primarily due to decreased margins on electric distribution services and electric transmission, partly due to continued pricing pressures on our distribution projects and certain prior margin transmission projects completing in last year's third quarter that were not replaced with comparable margin projects this year. Again, due to the timing of major projects. Our Natural Gas and Pipeline infrastructure services segment revenues increased quarter-over-quarter, approximately 319% to about $551.7 million in 3Q '10 due primarily to the contribution of gas transmission revenues from the major acquisition in 4Q of '09. Operating margin in Natural Gas and Pipeline infrastructure services segment was 9.6% in 3Q of '10 compared to 1.6% for 3Q '09. This increase is primarily due to the increased revenues from gas transmission services, which typically earn higher margins from the remainder of gas business. Revenues from our Telecommunications infrastructure services segment decreased approximately $20.4 million or 17.9% to approximately $93.6 million in 3Q '10 primarily due to lower revenues from fiber-to-the-premise build-out initiatives as a result of reduced capital spending of our customers during the third quarter of 2010 as compared to third quarter of the prior-year. Operating margins in the Telecommunications infrastructure services segment were 6.0% in 3Q '10 compared to 10.8% in 3Q of '09. This decreases is a result of less revenues available to cover fixed cost and overall lower margins on work being done in the third quarter of 2010 as compared to the third quarter of 2009. Fiber Optic Licensing segment revenues were approximately $28.1 million for the third quarter of 2010 for an increase of about 25.7% as a result of our continued investment in fiber optic network expansion and the associated revenues from the licensing of point-to-point fiber-optic telecommunications facilities. Operating margins in the Fiber Optic Licensing segment were 47.2% in 3Q of '10, which is typical for this segment. When discussing operating margins by segment, we did not allocate certain selling, general and administrative expenses and amortization expense for our segments. Therefore the previous discussion about operating margins by segment excludes the effect of such expenses. Corporate and unallocated cost had increased to about $16 million to $37.8 million in the third quarter of 2010 as compared to 3Q 2009, primarily due to $7.9 million in increased amortization expense of intangible assets associated with the major acquisition in 4Q of '09. $1.8 million of higher salaries and related benefits cost primarily due to increased personnel in our business development and technology areas and $1.4 million in additional professional fees and acquisition cost. Net income attributable to common stock for the quarter was $62.8 million or $0.30 per diluted share. Net income attributable to common stock in 3Q '09 was $63.4 million or $0.32 per diluted share. The third quarter of 2010 includes $9.4 million of income or a benefit of $0.04 per share, and the third quarter of 2009 included $22.4 million of income or a benefit of $0.11 per diluted share in both cases from the release of income tax contingencies due to the expiration of various statutes of limitations related to federal and state tax returns. Adjusted diluted earnings per share is calculated in today's press release, rose to $0.32 for the third quarter of 2010 as compared to $0.25 for 3Q '09. Cash flow from operations less net capital expenditures of about $24.5 million resulted in approximately $79.2 million of negative free cash flow for the quarter. The negative free cash flow during the third quarter of 2010 was due to an increase in working capital required as revenues increased $336 million or 39% over the second quarter of 2010. EBITDA for the third quarter of 2010 was about $108 million or 9.0% of revenues compared to the $76.6 million or 9.8% of revenues for the third quarter of 2009. Adjusted EBITDA was about $141.4 million for the third quarter of 2010 compared to $103.5 million for third quarter of 2009. Our days sales outstanding or DSOs were 76 days at September 30, 2010, versus 79 days at June 30, 2010, and 79 days at September 30 of 2009. Comps in excess of billings, which is the component of the DSO calculation, was $266 million as of September 30 and is substantially higher than at year-end in compares to $62.4 million as of the third quarter of last year. This increase is primarily due to increased working capital requirements associated with the Natural Gas and Pipeline infrastructure services segment due to the seasonal ramp-up of the larger gas transmission projects in the third quarter of 2010. These projects represented a significant portion of the total cost from excess balance. However, since quarter end the predominant amount of balance has been billed on these projects. Various other projects during the period have billing milestones that were not met until after quarter end. We anticipate substantial billings in the fourth quarter on these projects as well. Despite the significant increase in cost in excess to billings, days sales outstanding for the quarter were three days lower than at June 30 '10 or September 30 '09. The calculation of EBIT and EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, all non-GAAP measures and the definitions of these DSOs can be found in the Investors & Media section of our website at quantaservices.com. At the end of the quarter we had about $441 million in cash. We had $191 million in letters of credit outstanding under our $475 million credit facility primarily to secure our insurance program, and no outstanding revolving loan is leased which left $284 million of availability under the facility. The combination of our cash balance and availability under our credit facility gives us about $725 million in total liquidity as of September 30, 2010, of which we used about $119 million in October of 2010 for the acquisition of balance. We received a few questions regarding the acquisition of Valard, so we thought we'd take this opportunity to provide more information. In order to help analysts with their models, the purchase price paid per dollar was in the mid-five multiple on a trailing 12-month EBITDA. Valard is expected to have a negative effect on our fourth quarter EPS due to contributing only two months of operations, which will be more than offset by amortization of backlog and acquisition-related expenses. Valard currently has approximately $100 million in backlog for 2011, and we expect Valard to contribute between $225 million and $250 million of revenues in 2011. We have not yet completed the property and intangibles valuation work on Valard as of the acquisition date. However, we anticipate that Valard's pre-amortization results will be $0.06 to $0.09 accretive to Quanta's 2011 result. We currently estimate amortization expenses for Valard to be in the $9 million to $11 million range for 2011. Concerning our outlook for the future, we estimate revenues for the fourth quarter of 2010 to be from $950 million to $1.05 billion, and that include revenues from Valard for a portion of the quarter. Our estimates for 4Q '10 EPS based on revenues are between $950 million and $1.05 billion. It's $0.15 to $0.17 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. This estimate compares to $0.21 in GAAP EPS in 4Q '09. Our GAAP EPS forecast for 4Q '10 includes an estimate of $5.6 million to non-cash compensation expenses. $7.5 million is related to acquisition expenses and $10.2 million of amortization expense. Excluding these expenses, our non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter is expected to be between $0.23 and $0.25. For additional guidance, we're currently projecting our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 45% for 4Q 2010. This rate is higher than normal due to the assumed non-deductibility for tax purposes of the acquisition expenses previously mentioned. We expect our diluted share count to be about 214 million shares for 4Q of 2010, and we expect CapEx for all of 2010 to be approximately $170 million to $180 million. This compares to CapEx for all of '09 of $165 million. This concludes our formal presentation, and we'll now open the line for Q&A. Luke?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: First question is in regards to your existing electric transmission drawbacks. If you can talk about how Northeast Utilities, CREZ, TrAIL and Sunrise Powerlink are ramping up into the fourth quarter, what is your expectation? And if you can talk about what you think the ramp will be in 2011. And then if you can just also highlight -- my estimate is still a huge chunk, if not half of your Transmission business still comes from small to mid-size projects, if you can talk about what the outlook for that business looks, which has obviously been soft in the past.
John Colson: Well, there's a number of projects that are moving forward in the fourth quarter, just getting started that won't have much positive impact on the fourth quarter but should have an impact, positive impact, on 2011. The Sunrise Project has just now getting started. The National Grid Project is cranking up. I think we're installing footings on that project at this time. Northeast Utilities project is ramping up, but you won't see much activity from here until 2011. National Grid, I think, I've mentioned that the Colorado River Authority Project or CREZ is ongoing and will be for several years, it's up to speed. The TrAIL Project is one that will carry over into 2011. It's in full construction mode now as well. And then you've got a few things that are out there that should start in 2011. The main reliability project, that's three different projects and we might pick up one of those. We have CREZ, I think Jim outlined that there were five utilities that are bidding CREZ that we should've reasonably think we should pick up at least one of those projects. And then there's several projects in Canada. One, Canada Hydro, that's just getting started with Valard and we will be doing in 2011. And then there's BC Hydro project that are coming and some others I think that reasonably should expect to get started in 2011. So if my count's right, we have six large transmission projects in hand with the possibility of doing another two or three for a total of nine big transmission projects for 2011. Then we are talking about some smaller transmission projects. We haven't seen much change in direction there. It's very competitive market as people have moved out of the distribution market and into the small transmission market, trying to earn some revenues there. But one thing we are seeing is some increased spending on the distribution side. We're hearing it from our customers. We're seeing that some of the material suppliers in their conference calls are talking about increased orders from the utilities for distribution materials. And in fact, we're seeing some ramp-up in distribution spending with the request for additional crews. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: A couple of questions. One, I appreciate the color on the weather issues in the quarter, but is there any way you can quantify what the hit was in Q3 and what you're assuming in Q4? And then my two follow-up questions, it sounds like there's a lot bidding activity on the electric utility transmission side. Is there any way you could quantify sort of the bids you have outstanding today versus last year, sort of like you did on the gas side? I think on the gas side, you said you had like $2 billion in bids outstanding that should materialize I guess over the next two quarters or so. And any color on that as well?
John Colson: I think maybe would help to quantify the two jobs at the end of the quarter that had the weather issues, had about $30 million in cost overruns compared to forecast. On those two jobs, we built like 400 miles of 36 and 42-inch pipeline and just over a four-month period the jobs, of course, obviously have moved very rapidly. So you can make up significant project shortfalls in one week with good weather or have a pretty bad shortfall in a week with bad weather. We also have contract adders and changed orders that are reviewed and submitted related to the quarter, and we also have other spreads working during the same period that obviously could offset the production downfalls on those two, and in fact they did, because the shortfall was not that great. Bottom line is that we'd be able to project what these contracts are going to do. It's very difficult because of the speed which are moving. And normally, one project does better than you expect than one does worse. But these two because of the significant amount of rainfall were more difficult than normal than they get for. Probably I think Jim has said about $2 billion of transmission work that we're looking at this time.
James O'Neil: Yes. $2 billion of work that is either been bid or is going to be bid.
John Colson: And that's electric?
James O'Neil: That's electric.
John Colson: And then there's another $2 billion on the pipeline side as well.
James O'Neil: That's correct.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: How would that have compared just to last year? You know what I mean? I'm trying figure out how much bidding activity's up in those two markets relative to last year. Is it up 30%? Just round numbers.
John Colson: Yes. I think pipeline is about the same as last year's bidding season. I don't think there's going to be a tremendous increase there. There should be some increase. We're expecting revenues to increase next year on the pipeline side, but so far bidding season is not 30% more or anything like that. But on the transmission electric side, I think it's probably 30% or 40% more than we've seen at the same time last year. Maybe as much as 50% [indiscernible] but that's significantly more than we've seen last fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Will Gabrielski with Gleacher & Company.
Will Gabrielski - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: You mentioned another win in California on the transmission side. I'm not sure if you can disclose who the customer was there or what the project is, but can you disclose what that was in your third quarter backlog?
John Colson: It was not in third quarter backlog, and the contract was [indiscernible] we were awarded six and 11.
Will Gabrielski - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: The other question, I guess, your revenue for the quarter came in around the midpoint of the range that you have guided for, yet you talked about weather delays and cost overruns on some pipeline projects and delayed start-ups on transmission, which impacted your margins. So I'm just curious, I'm still trying to reconcile those two points because it looks like you had good revenue performance. So how far behind schedule were you? Or how good could this quarter have been, I guess, if I add back to $39 million? And in cost overrun, you talked about it's certainly positive, and how much of that do you think you're recovering in Q4, if any?
John Colson: Well, the one thing we hate to do is to set in this conference call some have to explain the weather downturns or why things that the margins are down and so forth. So we were fairly conservative in our estimates because we are seeing delays in projects, and so we anticipate some delays. However, the weather just got us in this particular one, and it was significant weather. If we would have had some project start as we have been told by our customers they would, that certainly would made up for some of the shortfall. But unfortunately, that's just not the case, but it is certainly work that we have in hand and will be doing some day and hopefully, next year. It's not going to be a robust fourth quarter. We've got winter weather coming on in these projects that are just now beginning to ramp up, but it won't be full swing until later on. But I think I mostly spoke on the project [ph]. It was in backlog at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sanders with Stephens Inc.
Stephen Sanders - Stephens Inc.: First, a question on the gas pipeline side. You talked about the level of bidding activity. Can you talk a little bit about the competition and sort of how the margins steal in that business going forward relative to historical levels? And then the second question, and Jim, I think you gave a piece of the spill [ph], on the electric transmission project that you bid early in the second quarter, where are we on seeing awards there? And then as you look at these CREZ bids, I think you talked about seeing some awards over the next few months, what could cause the delay there?
James O'Neil: Steve, on the question on the job that was bid in the second quarter, that was one of those jobs wants the hedge fee [ph]. And where we just asked about that, and yes, we recently were awarded that, and it will start that work at the beginning of the year. We're beginning to mobilize now. The question on the gas side on the amount of bidding activity that we're seeing and the amount of competition, you're going to have -- this project is very similar to that Fayetteville express line that we had last year. You've got a lot of capacity on the market right now, but bidding season is just starting. This area, the southern part of this Rex [ph] job we just bid is -- there's a lot of -- not the Rex [ph] job but the Excel project. There's a lot of [indiscernible]. So we're seeing the same amount or more activity this year. And the good thing about is sign up capacity of the market, and we've seen plenty of activity. So we're not worried about it, we've got projects out there that we feel will be awarded over the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR Capital Markets.
Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: John, James, your 12-month backlog is down year-over-year. Your total backlog is down year-over-year. Your fourth quarter guidance organically, excluding the acquisitions, suggesting revenues are down 7.5% to possibly up 2% year-over-year. With all that stated, how should we think about revenue growth in 2011. And I know you're not giving us projections at this time, but how should we think about it?
John Colson: I think that the shortfall and backlog is all related to gas. We've mentioned that we've been awarded $50 million worth of telephone work in the last 60 days, and I told you about the transmission projects so forth. That shortfall's really in gas. The gas bidding season, it hasn't started until, actually, right now. So I'm not too concerned about our backlog being down, I think we will have growth in 2011, and hopefully we'll do double-digit growth in 2011. You have any color you want to add to that, James?
James Haddox: No. Just, I mean, you're right, backlog in gas. Well, price pressure was in backlog in gas in last year and in backlog this year. But that's really, the backlog is down in gas and that's due to the bidding season not really cranking up in gas...
John Colson: And burning off its $500 million.
James Haddox: We should see significant increase. That's right, it's burning off $500 million during the quarter. We should see significant increases in backlog over the next quarter or two.
Alexander Rygiel - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I noticed that Northeast Utilities have lowered its CapEx budget for 2011 through '13 by about 25%, is that reflected in your backlog?
John Colson: That doesn't really affect any of the projects that we're working off. So no, it doesn't affect our backlog.
James O'Neil: Northern Utilities transmission backlog was forecasted out for 2011 through 2015, and they added additional $845 million of additional transmission projects forecasted. So we hear about delays on one of the projects which is supposed to be built out several years from now, one of the newest projects lines, but the transmission backlog is good. And we have the $950 million MOU we have with Northeast Utilities to upgrade their transmission infrastructure through 2015 and may have increased our CapEx budget for transmission over the same period.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Beach [Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.].
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: There's a number of electric transmission projects in the continental U.S. across the country that I think you've bid on or are bidding on. Have any other projects already been awarded either to you or competitors that you can talk about? And some of these domestic projects, can you expand on your expectations of timing of seeing those awards?
James Haddox: Yes. We've talked about -- we were awarded a part of Tehachapi. Some other pieces of Tehachapi went to competitors. But mainly, reliability project, the bid is here but those projects have not been announced as far as who is going to receive those. The Mona to Oquirrh Project has been awarded to a competitor. Is there anything else, Jim, that I missed?
James O'Neil: I think the LS Power line was awarded, we believe, to L.E. Myers. The Mona to Oquirrh line is still trying to determine who -- they're still reviewing this until the final stages. So I don't think we're going to probably win that project.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And there is a number of projects within CapEx 2020. Any commentary there about whether there's been award activity?
James O'Neil: No. We're providing indicative pricing on that and working with them, but there has been no firm RF fees. I don't know a project yet. We'll probably expect that in the middle of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Levine with JPMorgan.
Scott Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the Gas business, if we normalize to the $30 million in cost overruns, in the quarter, it looks your Gas Pipeline business is going to math right as mid-teens. I'm wondering if the profitability, the underlying business, is kind of consistent with your expectations. And then secondarily, if we think about next year, the bidding season's just getting started. Absent execution with your expectations, what are your expectations for the Gas Business margins in 2011 versus '10? Or is it really too early to say given where we are in the bidding season today?
John Colson: Yes. It's probably too early, but we don't expect to see any major shifts in the market on those projects. There should be more work in 2011 than there is in '10. So margin should be well in execution risk aside. We very seldom to get those kinds of swings and those kinds of projects. Those are just very fast-track projects that had a tremendous amount of rain. That's really unusual.
Scott Levine - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the renewable side, I think, Jim, you said that you expected double-digit growth in '11 in your prepared comments. I just want to confirm if that's right. And maybe to talk anecdotally about the mix of wind and solar in '11 versus '10, if you could at this point?
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean solar, we believe solar is going to have a huge growth in the United States going from a 1 gigawatt to 2-gigawatt market, and we think we will be able to achieve double-digit growth in solar. We think wind will be flat to slightly up. But overall, we think renewables will generate double-digit growth. Solar will probably be at least half or maybe 2/3 of that revenue mix next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lowish with Generation.
David Martin Lowish : I have a question now that the mid terms are out of the way. What impact do you think that will have on your operating environment? Will it make some of these delays go away? Or do you think it's still going to be a slight headwind? And my second question on the Valard acquisition up in Canada, is that a unionized workforce? And how do you see that playing out?
John Colson: The election, I think, it's a little early to make any projections on what the election will do. I expect to see continued headwinds on these permits and approvals. Hopefully, it will help but I'm not certain that we're going to see much impact from the elections. Valard operates both open shop and union.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Shrestha with Lazard Capital Markets.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: So on the natural gas cost overrun, if you exclude that, that's like a $0.09 hit to the quarter. Are you guys expecting that to continue in Q4, and that's why your margin guidance for Q4 is what it is as implied by your EPS guidance? Or what's the status of this project? And how much are we completed, how much is left to be done?
James O'Neil: Well, the two projects that we talked about that had weather-related issues are about 90% complete, and yes they will have an impact on fourth quarter because of POC accounting. We carry margins across the entire jobs, so there will be impact in the fourth quarter.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: So when you really think about all the bidding activity, large transmission projects, large natural gas work, and this has been a year where things sort of seem to have move to the right before they really hit the backlog or P&L benefit. So as you take a sit right now and look at all the opportunity that's out there and think about '11 and '12, so how do you kind of think about it as to the backlog trends? Should we see this meaningful sequential uptick in backlog into Q4, therefore a stronger '11? Or is that a gradual uptick in Q4 backlog and it's really now more in second half in '12 kind of a growth rate, which is more robust and meaningful rather than in '11 growth rate? How do you think about that?
James O'Neil: Sanjay, it's difficult. I mean the bidding season for gas is in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. And taking what the backlog is at fourth quarter, hopefully we'll have some increase in the gas transmission backlog. Seasonal business and its annual, so you're going to have backlog burn off at strong rates after three quarters. And then you're going to build that out into the fourth and first quarters. So I think once we get through the first quarter, we'll have a pretty good bill for backlog for the year. Right now, we're just going to be able to provide you forecast and the amount of bidding activity that we're seeing in the Gas business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Shoop with Deutsche Bank.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: First, a clarification. The $30 million for the Natural Gas business that's caused overruns, can you split that between 3Q and 4Q? Or did you actually say that was all in 3Q?
James Haddox: That's all in 3Q.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: Do you have a sense of how much that would be then in 4Q?
James Haddox: Actually, a piece of it would fall into 3Q because the costs were incurred by the cost of the percentage. In purchase accounting, you would lower the percentage profit on the third and the fourth quarter as a result of that. So some of it would into the third quarter, which is probably what would be maybe 10% to 15%. I mean the jobs were about 70% complete on average at the end of the third quarter.
Jamie Cook - Crédit Suisse AG: So roughly speaking, $20 million in 3Q on an accounting basis, $10 million in 4Q?
James Haddox: That's pretty right.
Carter Shoop - Deutsche Bank AG: And then in regards to the bidding activity on the transmission side, you're talking about that business being up, the bidding activity being up over 30%, 40%. Is that for the entire transition business? Or is that just for these large contracts?
John Colson: I was speaking to those large contracts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Thalhimer with BB&T Capital Markets.
Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: Does it feel like for you guys that we're at the bottom of the cycle?
John Colson: It sure feels better than it has. The second quarter conference call, I think, was we were pretty beat up and feeling pretty bad.
Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: That was apparent, yes.
John Colson: This quarter, I think, we're much more optimistic. We are finally seeing those awards on the Telecom side comp. And I said, we're working on -- we've been awarded a number of projects and we'll be working on in 2011. Because how do I know that? Well, because we're working on starting to work on them this quarter. So it looks like that once you get started, [indiscernible] have to stop and then of course there's the bidding activity. Finally, we're seeing the CREZ projects come out and others as well. And of course gas pipeline looks good too. So it looks like maybe we're going to see some touch on it here on our business over the next few quarters.
Adam Thalhimer - BB&T Capital Markets: And then as a follow-up, you mentioned you had a nice string of year-over-year increases in gross margin, unfortunately, that was broken this quarter. How many quarters do we have to go through before gross margin starts to flatten out and increase again on a year-over-year basis?
John Colson: It's hard to say. The first quarter is always difficult because it's a winter quarter, you know it, and weather has a big impact on productivity. But I would expect that because of these big projects that are ongoing at second quarter, we should be back on track with margins. Maybe the first quarter, but it's hard to say in the first quarter because of the impact of the winter weather. Of course we're not giving guidance next year yet, but to try to answer your question, I think second quarter next year we ought to be back on track.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stuart Bush with RBC Capital Markets.
Stuart Bush - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I was hoping you could expand a little bit on your feelings about Tehachapi awards. I know you got six and 11 out of the -- expands six and 11 out of the total eight available. Is that indicative that there's more aggressive pricing environment out there? It seemed like you guys were set up well given that you did the first portion at Tehachapi? And then I wanted to follow up also on your thoughts about the oil pipeline business especially the TransCanada Keystone Excel Project and where you stand there and how you think that progresses through next year?
John Colson: Yes. We're happy with the awards with Tehachapi. Of course, we'd like to do it all, but there are other competitors out there. I think that having done the last Tehachapi job probably bodes well for us getting the projects that we did get because they are across the national forest lands, and we're pretty experienced in doing that and have a good reputation of being general on the environment, so forth. So I think our experience did help us, but there are other competitors out, unfortunately, we're just not going to get all of them. Do you want to address the gas question, Jim?
James O'Neil: Yes. There's 16 total spreads on the Excel project. And the first part was the south section that was awarded, and that took up six spreads and that the remaining work could be done as early as the second half of this year and into 2012. So we do think that the federal scrutiny over permitting or bring those pipelines into the U.S. from Canada has delayed that project somewhat. But we're hearing it'll be [indiscernible] good start as early as the second half of this next year, certainly into 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Rogers with D. A. Davidson.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Jim, you made a comment in your prepared remarks, and I don't think i quite got it. Relative to gas pipeline construction this year saying, you thought it was $900 million. Is that the right number?
James O'Neil: We forecasted a year ago that price probably would do between $700 million and $900 million in revenue for the full year 2011. And we've been updating everyone on the calls, and I think the most recent, last second quarter call, we said they would be close to $900 million. And now we're saying that and forecasting that price order will exceed $900 million in revenues, which is essentially our gas transmission business.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then the second question I had, in terms of bidding activity, are you seeing any changes in the terms for the bids as it relates to the risks that are being put on to contractors or being pushed back to owners?
James O'Neil: No. There's been no change over the last two years. There are firm-priced contracts, and the contracts terms are consistent with what they've been in the past several years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Hauke with Robert W. Baird.
Justin Hauke: Just one last question on the guidance reduction, I guess. Just to make sure that I do understand this correctly, would it be fair to say that well over half of the guidance reductions for 4Q was driven by these cost overruns rather than delays? I guess the guidance for the full year is maybe a better way to talk about it.
John Colson: Well, it was actually a combination. I mean there was -- we definitely did take the guidance down related to pipeline, but also the other projects start-ups are occurring later than we had originally forecasted when we were in the second quarter. So there was some effect on pulling the estimates down on electric, particularly transmission, on the renewable side and on the Telecom side business. The majority of it was pipeline.
Justin Hauke: Just kind of a housekeeping question, but on Price Gregory and with your comment that it's going to be above $900 million for year, can you tell us what their contribution has been year-to-date through the third quarter in revenue?
James Haddox: We don't physically disclose those particular operating units for the quarter. I have the numbers, but I don't have them right here in front of me. I think the rate -- to back into that is the gas segment revenues, probably 85% to 90% of that is transmission revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Mannes with Avondale Partners.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC: A quick follow-up on the pipe business, you talked about Keystone Excel and the TransCanada project. Could you talk a little bit more about maybe about how that fits in? First of all, is that included in that $2 billion of bidding that you brought up? And two, given some of the uncertainty on the regulatory side, do you have some risk and sort of waiting for that especially in relation with TransCanada? Or do you just bid what you bid? And if that isn't what you end up with, it's fine? I guess I'm just trying to understand bidding strategy given the size of that project.
James O'Neil: Yes. I mean the part that's been awarded on Xcel is not in the $2 billion and opportunities that we're saying. And we're saying $2 billion and opportunities in addition to the Xcel project to TransCanada.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC: So the 10 spreads that are open are not included in the $2 billion.
James O'Neil: That's correct. We've got more than $2 billion in opportunities. We've risk weighted that, that it could potentially happen in '12 more likely than '11.
Daniel Mannes - Avondale Partners, LLC: So from a bidding perspective, that's not something you're necessarily expecting to get? Got it.
James O'Neil: No. We expect to bid on it if it comes out, but we're seeing $2 billion of projects that we believe will start in 2011.
James O'Neil: By the way, I have a follow-up number. On Price Gregory's year-to-date revenues through the nine months were about $670 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Irwin with Wedbush Securities.
Craig Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Most of my questions have already been asked, but one question I have is really about the history of Price Gregory. I was wondering if they had any significant overruns in their past or if any of their predecessor companies really had a history of overruns given that the public financials actually showed some pretty impressive profitability. And whether or not the big teams that are bidding on the different gas projects coming up are really the same big teams that we're bidding for Price Gregory?
John Colson: Yes. There hasn't been any change in the bidding teams for Price Gregory. And yes, you have some projects through the years that are good and bad, and Price Gregory is doing very well. They had a couple of test projects that -- because we're a public company, we're very exposed. But they're doing very well, they're a great company, good bid team. We expect good things from them going forward. It's just unfortunately, no one can predict the weather as to bear us what we have there. It just -- it really hurt us, but that's the way it goes sometimes.
Craig Irwin - Wedbush Securities Inc.: So then last quarter, you mentioned one project, one solar project, 134-megawatt project that was really being pushed because of panel availability. I was wondering if it's something that you thought would come back in 2011 and might be part of your expectations for substantial growth in the solar market.
James O'Neil: Well, we're looking at several utility scale programs that would start in '11 in addition to that 130-megawatt program. That program is still on the table, and we're still working through issues there. So but there are plenty -- they're going to be several utilities scale opportunities in '11 that we haven't seen in the past.
John Colson: Also, let me finish up a little bit of question on Price Gregory there. If some of these other projects had not been pushed, for instance the solar project or a couple of the transmission projects if they hadn't been pushed to the right, then those shortfalls of Price Gregory would've gone unnoticed because we would've not had any issues now. Going forward and going backwards, sometimes when Price Gregory makes up, there's one transition project goes out or it's pushed to the right. So it's a good thing to have Price Gregory. They have more time, if should not, 99% of the time they're going to perform very well. And so it's a good company, and we're really proud to have them.
Operator: And this concludes this question-and-answer session. Management, please proceed with any closing remarks.
John Colson: Okay, I just like to thank you all again for your participation in our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Quanta Services Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial (303) 590-3030 with the access code 4380675. AT&T would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip A. Rupp – Managing Partner John R. Colson – Chairman & Chief Executive Officer James F. O'Neil – President & Chief Operating Officer James Haddox – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse First Boston Tahira Afzal – KeyBanc Capital Markets Alexander Rygiel – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Jeffrey Beach – Stifel Nicolaus Michael Coleman – Sterne, Agee & Leach 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 24, 2009. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp, Managing Partner with DRG&E. Please, go ahead, sir.
Kip A. Rupp: Great, thank you, [Mikael] and welcome everyone to Quanta Services’ conference call to review 2008 fourth quarter and full year results. Before, I turn the call over to management I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you’d like to be on the e-mail or fax distribution list to receive future press releases for Quanta, or if you had any technical difficulty this morning and did not receive your e-mail or fax, please call our offices at DRG&E, at 713-529-6600. Also, if you’d like to listen to a replay of today’s call, it will be available via webcast by going to Quanta’s website at quantaservices.com. In addition, there is a telephonic recorded instant replay that will be available for the next seven days, 24 hours a day that can be accessed as set forth in the press release, by dialing 303-590-3000, and using the pass code 11126526#. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 24, 2009 and therefore you’re advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. Also this conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, projected revenues, earnings per share, tax rates, and capital expenditures, and other projections of financial and operating results and information, the impact of current economic and market conditions, growth and opportunities in particular markets including as a result of renewable energy initiatives and the recently enacted economic stimulus package, anticipated future projects, Quanta’s strategies and plans, as well as any other statements reflecting Quanta’s expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta’s control and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect our forward-looking statements, please refer to the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended, March 31, 2008, June 30, 2008 and September 30, 2008 and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained through the SEC’s website at sec.gov. All forward-looking statements whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta’s forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. With that, I’d like to now turn the call over to Mr. John Colson, Quanta’s Chairman and CEO. John?
John R. Colson: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services fourth quarter and year end 2008 conference call. To start the call this morning I will provide a general overview of the quarter, insight on the impact of the current economic conditions, developments in the industries we serve and perspectives on emerging opportunities. Our comments will be followed by an operational review by Jim O’Neil, President and Chief Operating Officer, and a review of financial results by James Haddox, Chief Financial Officer. John Wilson, President of Electric Power and Natural Gas Operations, and Ken Trawick, President of Telecommunications and Cable Operations are also present and will be available for any questions. As always we welcome your questions following our remarks. Final quarter of 2008 saw the further deterioration of our nation’s economy, but as you will hear throughout the call, our long-term outlook remains strong, and our customers remain committed to spending on their infrastructure for the long-term. We believe Quanta’s opportunities continue to grow, and our outlook for the future remains optimistic. While discouraging economic news seems prevalent, it is in times like these that the strength of Quanta’s strategy becomes evident. Because of our diverse customer base, diverse service offerings, diverse industry focus and diverse workforce, we are able to quickly maneuver, adjust our focus and reallocate our resources to match the continually changing economic environment. As a result, we believe we are better able to minimize the impact of industry, our economic downturns and fully leverage and maximize emerging our ongoing opportunities. This strength is evident in our fourth quarter and year 2008 financial performance and our growing backlog. Revenues for the fourth quarter were $921.5 million, compared to $879 million in the prior year’s fourth quarter. Revenues for the full year 2008 were a record $3.78 billion, compared to revenues of $2.66 billion for 2007. In addition to the record revenue, we also reached a long-time goal of 9% to 12% for cash operating income in the fourth quarter and the year 2008. Operating income was 9.6% and 9.1% of revenues for the fourth quarter and full year 2008 with amortization and non-cash stock compensation added back. You can see the calculation of these non-GAAP measures on our website at www.quantaservices.com. We are proud of this performance and remain focused on maintaining markets throughout all the industries we serve as we navigate this challenging environment. Quanta’s customer base remains diverse, which as I mentioned previously lends strength to our revenue base. For the year 2008, our largest customer made up only 4.4% of our revenues. Our top 10 customers represented 30.3% of our total revenues in 2008. And our top 20 customers made up approximately 43.3% of revenues. The breakout of revenues by type of work also shows diversity. When divided by type of work, our 2008 fourth quarter revenues were approximately 58% from electric power services, 22% from natural gas services, 12% of revenues from telecommunications and cable services, 6% from ancillary services such as horizontal directional drilling and commercial and industrial wiring, and 2% from dark fiber leasing. Our employee count was 14,751 at December 31, 2008. This compares to 17,031 at the end of the third quarter and 15,261 at the end of 2007. The reduction in employee count is a little misleading, because at the end of the third quarter and at the end of the 2007, we were performing significant emergency restoration work. This year during the same time period, we had a more normalized headcount for the holiday season due to less emergency restoration work ongoing. Also, the number of our employees serving in telecommunications underground and wireless industries has decreased, reflecting the variability of our workforce. As Jim will discuss shortly, our ability to shift and adjust our workforce to leverage skills and address areas with the strongest potential for growth is key to our ongoing success. Looking forward with the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act adding opportunity, we remain optimistic that 2009 will be another strong year for Quanta. While certain industries we serve maybe impacted by the economic downturn, especially in the next quarter or two. We believe others will continue to grow and rely on Quanta for fast, efficient, reliable and safe infrastructure services. We remain committed to supporting our customers in this capacity, while maintaining our commitment to deliver value to all of other stakeholders. Now, I will explain our outlook in the various industries we serve for 2009. Jim will provide further details of our operational performance, and other considerations in the industries we serve. The electric power industry still looks strong for 2009. Although there is some softening in the distribution spending of our customers, the transmission market remains solid. Utilities are currently able to raise the debt needed to continue to build out proposed transmission projects. The vast majority of large transmission projects, which have not been delayed or canceled because of unavailable financing, in fact we continue to see additional projects proposed. For instance, yesterday House Speaker Nancy Pelosi at the Energy Summit stated, what we need is a national framework for planning, developing and financing transmission infrastructure. Senate Majority Leader, Harry Reid said, he would propose giving the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the authority to trump states in deciding where to place new power lines as part of a bid to boost electrical transmission capacity nationwide. Certain sectors of the natural gas industry have been impacted by the recent economic downturn. Specifically, gas distribution to homes, and the gas gathering in the pipeline business. The gas distribution business has been in decline for several years. The good news is that we think it probably can't get much worse. The gas gathering and pipeline business has also slowed in the past five months in part due to the lower natural gas prices and the volatile credit markets. Yet we are still optimistic about this portion of our business. There continues to be activity in the new gas fields, which spurs the development of new infrastructure. We are more optimistic about the gas industry now than we were at the end of the third quarter. For the week ending February 20, 2009, there were 14 more U.S. horizontal directional drilling rigs. The rigs used primarily in the new shales working than one year ago. We are also optimistic about the future demand for natural gas, as we expect more gas turbine generation plants in the future. Natural gas prices, the credit market and [weak] demand for natural gas will ultimately decide the outlook for this part of our business. Moving to the telecom industry, we think the fiber to the premise, and fiber to the node projects will continue, but at a reduced pace for the next couple of quarters. The telecom business is negatively impacting our outlook for the first quarter, but long-term this business is promising. Moving further into 2009, the renewable industry appears to be ready to grow significantly. While spending and project activity decreased in the later part of 2008. It appears that the credit markets are looking better for this industry, and we’re seeing signs that the production of wind energy may rebound in the first half of ’09. The solar renewable industry looks strong as well. Many utilities proposing solar generation farms and as we mentioned earlier, utilities currently appear to have access to capital. We still foresee renewable revenues doubling from approximately $150 million in ’08 to approximately $300 million in '09. The administration's economic stimulus package has been passed and all of the foregoing discussions are based on little or no effect from this spending bill in '09. Certainly, there are large number of programs in this package that are in Quanta sweet spot. And when implemented, it could be very positive for Quanta. We continue to see growth for Quanta in 2009, despite a slow first quarter, and if things don’t deteriorate from this point double-digit growth is still possible. That concludes my remarks today, and I will turn the call over to Jim O'Neil.
James F. O'Neil: Thank you, John, and good morning everyone. As John stated, our operational and financial performance exceeded expectations in the fourth quarter, and contributed to a very strong year for Quanta. As we enter 2009, we remain optimistic about our business. We expect revenue growth this year, but we will experience challenges related to our telecom and natural gas operations. I will speak the specific opportunities, as I will review each of the industries we serve, electric power, natural gas, telecommunications and dark fiber, as each is experiencing unique dynamics, legislative developments and emerging trends. First, the electric power industry. In the fourth quarter of 2008, revenues from electric power operations including emergency restoration were approximately $530 million. This compared to approximately $494 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. 2008 was a strong year for our electric power operations, particularly our transmission services. Throughout the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of this year, we see utilities continue to invest in their transmission infrastructure. Recently, Quanta executed a letter of intent with National Grid to provide engineering and installation services on their substation and transmission infrastructure. Work under the five-year contract expected to be signed by April 1 of this year will be performed by New Energy Alliance, a joint venture between Quanta Services and Balfour Beatty Infrastructure. The contract is part of National Grid's investment of up to $1.7 billion over five years. The joint venture will perform work throughout National Grid's New England service territory. Quanta has also secured an additional $200 million and services to be performed under its existing contract with Northeast Utilities, or NU, which also extends the agreement by two years through 2015. This expansion built on the success of the recently energized Middletown to Norwalk transmission line, where Quanta's expertise in providing transmission construction services in Connecticut aided NU and completing this major project ahead the schedule by one year and nearly $100 million below budget. NU has stated that the additional investment is required as New England’s energy future become more complex in demanding and it was critical to assure that it as the expertise and resources available to meet future project work. Neither the $200 million from the NU contract nor our portion of the $1.7 billion investment by National Grid are represented in our 12-month or total backlog as of 12/31/08. Work under our contract with Oklahoma Gas and Electric got underway in the fourth quarter with four Quanta operating units working simultaneously on this project. The 120 miles of 345,000-volt transmission line is on track to be completed over a 12-month period. Work on the Tehachapi transmission line for Southern California Edison continues to progress. If you recall, the contract encompasses installation of 75 miles of 500,000-volt transmission line. The line is part of a $1.8 billion program to bring renewable energy from the wind-rich hills of Tehachapi to customers throughout California. We are also preparing to initiate work on the TrAIL project following the Public Service Commission of West Virginia’s authorization to commence with the construction and operation of the West Virginia segments of the 500,000-volt transmission line in related facilities. Today we’ve seen very few transmission projects delays or cancellations due to the economy. Last month, the Texas Public Utility Commission or PUC assigned approximately $5 billion of transmission projects in the Competitive Renewable Energy Zones or CREZ to various utilities. The Texas PUC expects that the new lines will be in service within four to five years. Because of our strong presence in the region extensive experience in new transmission construction and multi-year relationships with many of these utilities, we believe we are well positioned to contribute to and benefit from the CREZ initiative. There is currently no CREZ work in our 12-month or total backlog. Looking forward, we anticipate continued momentum over the long-term as utilities continue to invest in the transmission infrastructure. In the past week, there have been several additional transmission developments. ITC Holdings announced a multi-state plan called the Green Power Express. This project consists of 3,000 miles of multiple 765,000-volt transmission lines, which will stretch across the upper Midwest with interconnections in more than four states. Bonneville Power Administration appears to be one of the first utilities to benefit from the new stimulus package. The company announced last week that the package’s loan guarantee program will increase Bonneville’s borrowing capacity to enable funding of its $246 million, 79 mile project in the Northwest. This project has been on hold since 2002. While neither of these projects have been awarded, we believe we are well positioned to provide services to both the ITC and Bonneville projects. In late 2008, we experienced some softening in our electric distribution work. However, transmission revenues have more than offset any decline in distribution spending as many utilities have reallocated capital to invest in transmission infrastructure where they realize higher returns. Emergency restoration work accounted for approximately $47 million in revenues in the fourth quarter of 2008. Contributing to these revenues was the diligent work of our employees in the Gulf Coast region to finish restoring power and communications in the communities impacted by Hurricane Ike. Additionally, during the quarter, our crews performed restoration work as ice storms caused power outages in various states throughout the nation. In the fourth quarter of 2008, revenues from our natural gas operations were approximately $206 million. This compared to approximately $128 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. We are proud of the success we’ve achieved in our natural gas operations in 2008. Our strategic initiative to exit lower margin gas distribution contracts and redeploy resources to gas gathering services has had a positive impact on the quality of our natural gas revenues. We will continue to be opportunistic in expanding our natural gas operations in areas that meet our margin expectations. Last week, we secured a project for the installation of more than 70 miles of 36-inch natural gas pipeline in Central Mississippi for Midcontinent Express Pipeline, which is a joint venture between Kinder Morgan Energy Partners and Energy Transfer Partners. We believe our strong balance sheet and our ability to quickly mobilize resources from other areas of our natural gas business contributed to this award. This is just one example of the benefit of our diverse operations. This project is expected to be completed in the third quarter of this year. We expect first quarter results for our natural gas operations to be negatively impacted for two primary reasons. The vast majority of our distribution gas revenues are generated in the upper Midwest and Northeast United States. These areas have experienced harsh winter weather conditions and have delayed our normal construction and maintenance activities for this time of the year. Secondly, some of our customers have delayed pipeline facility projects scheduled for construction during the first quarter of this year, which is likely attributable to lower natural gas prices and instability in the economy and financial markets. However, over the past two weeks, we have seen an increase in bidding activity leading us to believe that capital is flowing back into the natural gas industry. We remain optimistic that this business may return to normal levels by the second half of this year. Now turning to our telecom operations. The biggest impact to our business from the decline in the economy has been felt in our telecom operations. In the fourth quarter of 2008, revenues from telecommunications and broadband cable operations were approximately $108 million, this compared to approximately $160 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. For the fourth quarter, telecom and broadband cable operations represented less than 12% of our total revenues. It is important to note, when comparing quarter-over-quarter results for these operations, the fourth quarter of 2007 represents a peak in the fiber-to-the-home build out and the positive contributions of a large wireless project. AT&T considers fiber-to-the-node a long-term strategic initiative and reported that the company net key U-verse deployment goals in 2008. However, the company has recently announced the one-year extension of its U-verse deployment schedule, which will impact our revenues at least for the first half of this year. Verizon has not made a similar announcement, but the company has stated that it will redeploy its capital in the near-term to focus on its FiOs build-out in the Northeast and to multi-dwelling units or MDUs. These circumstances will impact the work we are performing in certain states. However, it presents a potential opportunity for us to leverage our comprehensive experience in the MDU market for marketing and subscriber outreach to engineering and installation services. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we renewed all of our existing master service agreements. However, expected revenues from these MSAs included in backlog have been adjusted to reflect lower telecom spending in 2009. Our fiber network installation capabilities are another area where there is a potential for our business to be positively impacted long-term by the stimulus plan. The stimulus package includes more than $7 billion for the deployment of high-speed Internet to rural areas that lack sufficient bandwidth to adequately support economic development. These initiatives will most likely be spearheaded by municipalities, states and rural telephone companies. We remain committed to bringing fiber network to our customers through our Dark Fiber segment. Demand for this segment of our business continues to be robust and we are aggressively expanding our networks in California, Georgia, Illinois and Pennsylvania. We consider renewable energy the most rapidly emerging opportunity for Quanta. We achieved our renewable energy goal of $150 million in 2008 and we remain confident that we will double this number in 2009. Building on the success of the Denver International Airport solar project, we recently completed the installation of Sempra Generation's 10-megawatt photovoltaic power generation facility near Boulder City, Nevada. The project is the largest operational thin-film solar power project in North America. Construction began in July of 2008, and involving installation of more than 167,000 solar modules are more than 80 acres. Over the past year, Quanta has streamlined the cost of engineering, design, procurement project management and construction solutions for utility scale and large commercial solar generation facilities to our customers. Over the past six months, we have seen the price of solar panel technology become more competitive. The balance of the system costs must also decrease in order for solar to be a competitive viable source of generation. We believe our EPC capabilities in this area make us the service provider of choice by our customers. Although, wind generation lost momentum in the fourth quarter, we’re now beginning to see capital funding flow back into this market. The new stimulus plan extended the renewable tax credits for wind energy production through 2012. Industry experts expect that the tax credit extension will stabilize the wind market and open the door to additional investment into new wind energy. Under the new administration there is also increased potential for federal renewable portfolio standard to come into effect over the next year. This would like spur additional future development of renewable generation facilities and transmission infrastructure to interconnect into the power grid. Just yesterday at the Energy Summit, North Dakota Senator Byron Dorgan stated, "right now, wind turbines in remote areas of the country are producing power, but it is often stranded and can’t get to market. If we’re going to maximize the ability to produce renewable energy there is an absolute requirement that we connect America". Additionally, we believe highway transportation infrastructure called for by the stimulus plan could have a positive impact long-term to our company as it is likely that electric power, telecommunications and natural gas infrastructure will be relocated and are upgraded during construction. However, it is important to note that given its recent enactment our business outlook is exclusive of any anticipated positive impact from the stimulus plan. In close, I would like to reiterate that considering the economic environment in the later half of 2008, our operations performed incredibly well. As James will discuss in more detail we achieved record revenue and operating income for the year. We have a dedicated workforce to thank for these results. They worked tirelessly to meet the ongoing demands of our customers, particularly in emergency restoration scenarios. While the economic environment continues to be a challenge, we will navigate through it as we have in the past. We plan to continue to build our organization on the strength of our current operating platform through solid leadership, diverse service offerings, performance excellence and by providing a safe work environment for our employees. Now, I will turn the call over to James Haddox our Chief Financial Officer.
James Haddox: Thanks, Jim and good morning everyone. Today, we announced record revenues of $921.5 million for the fourth quarter, compared to $879 million in the prior year’s fourth quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 4.8%. This year’s fourth quarter revenues included emergency restoration revenues of approximately $47 million, compared to approximately $56 million being earned in 4Q ’07. Excluding emergency restoration revenues from both periods, revenue growth would have been approximately 6.0% in the fourth quarter. Revenues for fiscal year 2008 were record $3.78 billion, compared to revenues of $2.66 billion for fiscal year 2007, resulting in full-year 2008 revenue growth of approximately 42.3%. Pro forma revenues in fiscal year 2008 were $3.81 billion versus $3.33 billion in 2007 representing approximately 14% pro forma revenue growth in 2008. During 2008, emergency restoration services produced approximately $208 million in revenues, compared to approximately $142 million in pro forma revenues in 2007. Excluding emergency restoration revenues from both periods, pro forma revenue growth in 2008 was approximately 13%. When I refer to pro forma information in my discussion, I am referring to data prepared on a combined company basis taking into account the acquisition of InfraSource and smaller acquisitions in 2007 and 2008 all of this they occurred on January 1, 2007. Revenues from electric power work during the fourth quarter of ’08 increased by approximately $36 million or about 7% over the fourth quarter of 2007. Excluding all emergency restoration revenues from both periods, electric power revenues would have grown about 11%. For all of 2008 electric power work grew about 14% on a pro forma basis, from $1.89 billion to $2.15 billion. 2008 was an extraordinary year for storm restoration. However, after excluding these revenues from both periods, revenues from electric power work still grew about 12% on a pro forma basis. Gas work increased approximately $78 million or 61% quarter-over-quarter and increased $294 million or about 60% year-over-year on a pro forma basis. Revenues from telecom and cable work decreased from about $160 million in 4Q ’07 to about $108 million in 4Q ’08 or about 33%. Pro forma telecom revenues grew 60% in 4Q ’07 compared to 4Q ’06, as revenues from AT&T and Verizon ramped up in the last half of ’07, creating difficult quarter-over-quarter comparisons for the last quarter of 2008. For all of 2008, pro forma revenues from telecom and cable work increased about $6 million or about 1%. Revenues from ancillary work decreased approximately $25 million or about 30% quarter-over-quarter from about $83 million in 4Q ’07 to about $58 million in 4Q ’08. Dark fiber revenues contributed approximately $19 million to the fourth quarter, compared to $13 million in last year’s fourth quarter for about 46% growth. For the year, dark fiber revenues totaled about $62 million equating to pro forma revenue growth of about 31% over 2007. We generated gross margins of 18.1% for the fourth quarter of 2008 compared to gross margins of 17.2% during the fourth quarter of 2007, for an increase of 90 basis points. This growth in margins came from increased margins from electric power and gas work, partially offset by lower margins in telecom and ancillary work. Gross margins for all of 2008 reached 16.8%. Our G&A expenses decreased from $84.7 million in 4Q ’07 to $82.3 million in the fourth quarter of ’08, primarily due to lower expenses associated with the InfraSource merger and lower cost associated with the sale of equipment. SG&A expenses are down from 9.6% of revenues in 4Q ’07 to 8.9% in 4Q ’08. SG&A expenses for all of 2008 were down to 8.2% of revenues compared to 9.0% of revenues in 2007. Operating margins for the quarter were up 230 basis points over the fourth quarter of ’07. EBITDA for all of 2008 was about $325 million or 8.6% of revenues compared to about $188.2 million or 7.1% for 2007. The calculation of EBITDA is set forth in the financial news section of our website at quantaservices.com. Amortization of intangible assets decreased from $12.4 million in 4Q ’07 to $6.8 million in 4Q ’08 primarily due to the run-off of the amortization of intangible assets associated with InfraSource’s backlog on the acquisition date. Interest income decreased from $4.6 million in the fourth quarter of ’07 to $1.7 million in the fourth quarter of ’08, primarily due to lower interest rates. Net income from continuing operations for the quarter was $47.1 million or $0.24 per diluted share compared to $33.5 million or $0.18 per diluted share in 4Q ’07. Adding back non-cash amortization of intangibles and non-cash compensation expenses, net of taxes would have resulted in an adjusted net income of $53.9 million, our cash EPS per diluted share of $0.27 for the fourth quarter of ’08, compared to adjusted net income of $43.1 million or $0.23 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2007. A reconciliation of GAAP to cash EPS is provided in the tables attached to our press release issued today. Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $192 million for the quarter, cash flow from operations less net capital expenditures of about $16 million resulted in approximately $176 million in free cash flow for the quarter. For the year, cash flow from operations totaled approximately $243 million; subtracting net CapEx of $171 million yields approximately $72 million of free cash flow for all of 2008. This strong free cash flow was achieved while experiencing of 42% increase in revenues for the year on an as reported basis and a 14% increase on a pro forma basis. Our free cash flow would have been even stronger for the quarter and the year had it not been for certain customer payments that were delayed until after year-end. We experienced free cash flow of approximately $50 million in the first two weeks of ’09. EBITDA was $403.5 million for all of 2008 representing an increase of approximately 66% over all of 2007 on an as reported basis. Calculation of this non-GAAP measure can be found in the financial news section of our website at quantaservices.com. We’ve also posted to our website a calculation of adjusted EBITDA. Our days sales outstanding or DSO's, which we calculate by using the solid current accounts receivable plus costs and earnings in excess of billings, less billings in excess of costs divided by average revenues per day during the quarter were 80 days at December 31, versus 85 days at September 30, 2008 and 76 days at December 31, 2007. Now, I will turn to the discussion of backlog, but first I want to take a moment to provide you with the definition of total backlog. Total backlog includes the amount of revenues we expect to drive in the future from signed contracts for project work and master service agreements. Backlog for project work includes the remaining revenues to be earned on the lump sum projects and our estimate of the remaining revenues to be earned under time and equipment or unit price contracts. Backlog for master service agreements includes our estimate of future billings based on our knowledge of our customers budgets and spending patterns under T&E and unit price arrangements through the end of the initial contract periods and through the end renewal periods provided by the contract for which we reasonably expect the contract to continue. Our total backlog of work at 12/31/08 was approximately $5.193 billion, which is $521 million or about 11% higher than total backlog at 12/31/07. Our 12-month backlog currently stands at $2.577 billion. This compares to 12-month backlog of $2.355 billion as of 12/31/07 an increase of $222 million or approximately 9% with about $219 million of the increase being attributable to electric and gas work, $47 million attributable to ancillary work and $17 million attributable to dark fiber work, offset by a decrease of about $61 million attributable to telecom and cable work. At year-end, we had about $438 million in cash and $315 million on available borrowing capacity under our $475 million credit facility. We had about $160 million in the letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program. The combination of our cash balance and availability under our credit facility gives us about $750 million in liquidity going into 2009. As I mentioned earlier, we’ve experienced substantial cash flow from operations so far in the first quarter of ’09. And our cash balance currently stands at over $500 million. Concerning our outlook for the future, we estimate our revenues for the first quarter of ’09 to be from $750 million to $800 million. Our revenue forecast for 1Q ’09 includes about $25 million of expected emergency restoration work. Revenues for the first quarter of ’08 included approximately $23 million in emergency restoration revenues. Our estimate for 1Q ’09 EPS based upon revenues of between $750 million and $800 million is from $0.09 to $0.10 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. Out GAAP EPS forecasts includes an estimate of about $10.2 million for amortization, non-cash compensation expenses and non-cash interest expense. Excluding these expenses, our cash EPS for the quarter is expected to be well to $0.13. For additional guidance, we’re currently projecting our tax rate for the first quarter of ’09 to be approximately 41.5%. We expect our diluted share count to be about $198 million shares during the first quarter. Starting on January 1 of ’09 there will be an additional non-cash charge to consider when forecasting earnings. FSP 14-1 went into effect on that date, and requires us to record additional non-cash interest expense associated with our convertible debt of approximately $4 million for all of 2009 with $1 million related to the first quarter. We expect CapEx for all of ’09 to be approximately $180 million. This compares to CapEx for all of ’08 of $186 million. In summary, we accomplished several initiatives during 2008 to strengthen Quanta. We accomplished 14% pro forma revenue growth, increased our total backlog by 11% compared to 12/31/07, increased operating margins before amortization of intangibles by 150 basis points and improved margins on all of the InfraSource operating units. We generated about $72 million in free cash flow resulting in a cash balance of about $438 million. We converted our $270 million in convertible debt-to-equity. We increased our bonding capacity and strengthened our renewable energy services and added new service offerings to our mix through acquisitions during the year. We believe that we are in a better position now than we’ve ever been to capitalize on increasing opportunities in our end markets, and to pursue strategic acquisitions that will strengthen our geographic and service portfolio. As John and Jim said, we are confident that our customers remain committed to the enhancement of their infrastructure. Although the first quarter has presented some challenges, demand for our diverse services continues and we maintain a unique leadership position that enables us to leverage emerging opportunities, particularly in the transmission and renewable energy industries. That concludes our formal presentation. And now, we will open the line for Q&A. [Mikael]? 
Operator:  Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Sanjay Shrestha. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you. Lazard Capital Markets. First of all, congratulations on a great quarter here guys.
John R. Colson: Thank you.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets: Couple of quick point of clarification if I may, you guys talked about still that double-digit growth year-over-year and 12-month backlog is up high single-digit year-over-year, you’re talking about the soft Q1. So, does that mean, seasonal strong Q2 and Q3 is even going to be stronger than sort of like what we’ve seen in the past. Can you guys sort of qualify that statement a bit more as to where exactly it’s going to come from and how you’re thinking about that?
John R. Colson:  Yeah. I think obviously we’re depending on electric power to carry quite a bit of the load for 2009. Second quarter may not be as strong as you’re indicating there probably third and fourth quarter are going to be the stronger quarters of the year, but electric power is showing a strong growth for 2009, gas is showing growth for 2009. Telecom obviously now is down for 2009, but ancillary and of course our fiber is also showing growth. And if you do the calculation, if everything else breaks even, electric power only has to grow 13% in order to give us that double-digit growth.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets: Got it. So, one more follow-up on that and so in terms of all this announcement, so the LOI with the National Grid and even $200 million incremental with Northeast utilities and the Allegheny project and none of them are actually in the backlog right now. So, all of them are probably going to go into backlog at the end of Q1, and second question on that, when do you guys realistically think CREZ might actually move into the backlog during 2009?
John R. Colson:  To correct you there Allegheny, some of Allegheny is in backlog, the other two that you mentioned in the pipeline are not in backlog. CREZ there might be some probably not much coming in the backlog in 2009. Probably, won't start those projects, really put people on the ground until next year.
James F. O'Neil: But they maybe added to backlog.
John R. Colson:  But they will be added to backlog.
James F. O'Neil:  Backlog but revenue realization will be minimal.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets:  Thank you, James.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse First Boston:  Hi, good morning, just a follow-up on Sanjay's question. You think about 2009 and you’re suggesting we see the earnings acceleration happen in the back half of the year. Is that based on, I mean are you expecting additional transmission awards that hit in the first half of the year to get that earnings acceleration growth or do we or are based on the National Grid award, and the one was that Northeast utility, are those two awards enough I guess to see the earnings acceleration in the back half of the year?
John R. Colson:  Well, what we have in backlog are not necessarily those projects, the Northeast utilities announcements really future work, none of that is going to be in 12-month backlog…
Jamie Cook – Credit Suisse First Boston: But basically there is nothing, I mean based on what you have in backlog today. You feel comfortable that the trends on electric power side is strong enough, to see the back half earnings acceleration?
John R. Colson:  That is right.
James F. O'Neil: We’re hoping to that telecom will improve some as the year goes on; it gives us a more time to shuffle those resources into other projects and other areas. And so, we’re hoping to see some pick-up from telecom as well as time goes on, maybe not necessarily in the telecom industry, but in other industries as well. We also expecting fairly strong growth on renewables and really having some revenues coming in from renewables in third and fourth quarter.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal. Please state your company name, followed by your question.
Tahira Afzal – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Hi. This is Tahira from Key. Good morning gentlemen, how are you?
John R. Colson:  Great, thank you.
Tahira Afzal – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Just wanted to find out in terms of your CapEx, first of all, what are your assumptions within that for dark fiber?
James F. O'Neil:  Tahira this is James. This year we did about $94 million in CapEx for dark fiber and next year we expect that number to be about $85 million.
Tahira Afzal – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Got it, okay. And then in terms of awards and the timeline, I think you indicated that in terms of contribution obviously CREZ is not really going to take place until 2010, but in terms of awards timeline would it be possible to get some color over there and then I noticed that I think FERC has approved the rate for a couple of trans-Canada projects would love some update or color on that and perhaps the Sunrise link and the Path projects?
John R. Colson: Yeah well there is a number of projects that are yet probably to be awarded this year, you named some of them there and certainly we will be competitive on most if not all of those projects, not saying that we'll get them all, but we will get our share. CREZ being, the award of CREZ being probably the largest opportunity for us, but Sunrise project, Gateway project, the Trans-Canada projects, Path projects, there are several nice projects that we expect now, not that those large projects necessarily will bring us any revenue this year, but they should be in backlog.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Alexander Rygiel – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.:  Thank you, Friedman, Billings, Ramsey. A couple of quick questions, James could you run though 12-months backlog by end market? 
James Haddox: Yeah, 12 months backlog at December 31st is $1.534 for electric and $528 million for gas, $289 million for telecom, $154 million for ancillary, and about $72 million for dark fiber. 
Alexander Rygiel – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co: Great. And then, John with regards to your double-digit growth outlook in 2009, you still feel comfortable that earnings per share will be growing in excess of revenue growth in 2009?
James Haddox: That is been the history in our past, that is typically grown better than revenues. This year I think we’re going to have a challenge with margins, I wouldn’t be surprised to see some margin deterioration in 2009, but EPS may still grow faster than our revenues.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Levine. Please state your company name followed by your question. Pardon me. Mr. Levine your line is open at this time. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Beach. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Jeffrey Beach – Stifel Nicolaus: Stifel Nicolaus. Good morning John and James. Again congratulations on a good quarter.
John R. Colson: Thank you.
Jeffrey Beach – Stifel Nicolaus: A couple of questions, you’d indicated that at this point you are more optimistic about the outlook for natural gas than at the third quarter of ’09 what’s been occurring over the past several months to influence you?
John R. Colson: Well we continue to see activity from our gas customers. There was a hiatus there in the fourth quarter that had us concerned, but now we’re beginning to see projects come back out for bid. And there is more activity than we’ve seen in, say the last four, five months occurring now, which gives us some reasonably that natural gas is business is going to be good in 2009. Now, don’t misunderstand it, don’t think it’s going to be as hard as it was in 2008, but I think it’s going to be good in 2009. 
Jeffrey Beach – Stifel Nicolaus: And with the likelihood what I am seeing is a pretty good decline in gas drilling this year. If the outlook for gas is down next year, what your flexibility, do you just reduce your headcount and operations along with that is there any other strategy to help maintain profitability in 2010 in gas in the face of down drilling?
John R. Colson: Yeah, I think that as I gave those rig counts to you, the horizontal rigs which are primarily used in the new tight shale formations. They’re still higher this year than they were at the same time last year, although they have been declining. But we’re still seeing activity in the new shale formations, which require the new infrastructure, which again gives us some optimism about the gas business for ’09 and somewhat ’10. Obviously, if that doesn't come about, we have to move those resources into another area, the obvious area is the transmission business. Some of that equipment and some of those talents of those people can be utilized in the transmission business, particularly on the underground side but also for hauling pipe and hauling steel, is not much different than hauling wood poles or steel poles. So, there is a lot of things, where you could transfer folks and equipment back and forth. Hopefully, we won't need to do that on the gas side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Coleman. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Michael Coleman – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Good morning. It's Sterne, Agee. Just a followup on a previous question, you mentioned that there may be some challenge with margins in 2009. Given the double-digit growth, what are the puts on the margin side, and do you have any further clarity on that?
John R. Colson:  Well, first on the margin side as far as pressure is concerned would be telecom, with telecom revenues being down as much as they are, projected to be down as much as they are. There is going to be lower margins in telecom work. And there may be lower margins on the gas side too of the business. Those are the margin challenges for this year.
Michael Coleman – Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Okay.
John R. Colson:  Our backlog margins are still overall better than they are today. Is that right James?
James F. O'Neil:  That is right.
Michael Coleman – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And could you break out the 12-month backlog between distribution and transmission, I think you gave an overall number for electric power?
James F. O'Neil:  Mike, we don’t calculate that number.
Michael Coleman – Sterne, Agee & Leach:  You don’t?
James F. O'Neil: We don’t have the breakdown between transmission and distribution.
John R. Colson: The reason is, it’s not a good number, because you have too much – we give an estimate from time-to-time of how much revenues looking into the past, but there is too much transmission work that is related to distribution or distribution work that is related to transmission work and it’s not a clearcut line.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Tahira Afzal. Please go ahead.
Tahira Afzal – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Hi, gentleman. Just in regards to your earlier comment, where you said that CREZ would probably be the larger of those opportunities that you’re looking at. Would it be possible to just put it in size or in terms of context, you’ve got the Northeast award, which was well over a $1 billion. And then, some of the ones that we have from TrAIL and all have been more in the $300 million size? Would I put it somewhere in the middle of those two, how should I try to model this one out?
John R. Colson:  Well, I think it would be pretty difficult to model it out, but the opportunity is certainly larger than anything else out there over the next several months…
Tahira Afzal – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Would it be even bigger than some of the bundled arrangements you are getting as in from Northeast and from Natural Grid?
John R. Colson:  It could be, but if that is all we have to play out, I wouldn't want to try to give any guidance based on how much CREZ work we would get, it's just the opportunity is bigger than most that we see out there.
Tahira Afzal – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thank you very much.
John R. Colson:  Thank you.
Operator:  You have a follow-up question from the line of Alex Rygiel. Please go ahead.
Alexander Rygiel – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Thank you. John, could you again circle back to the political environment as it relates to the outlook for electrical transmission. From my standpoint it doesn't seem to be any better than it’s ever been right now, particularly with the number of politicians talking about renewable portfolio standards as well as potentially empowering the FERC with transmission line, siting responsibility. So, could you talk about the political environment a little bit? And then talk about what your plans are to use the cash balance that is growing pretty quickly right now?
John R. Colson:  Sure, well we of course were busy preparing for this earnings release yesterday and didn't pay a lot of attention to the news, but this morning we saw the headlines in the paper, where Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid and various other politicians have met in Washington yesterday at what is called an Energy Summit. And if I were going to write the quotes, I couldn't have written them any better, it looks like maybe John Wilson wrote those quotes. That was probably shocking to everyone in the room, how politicians have realized certainly what the issues are and how to solve those issues in transmission. So, I have to agree, I have never seen anything like it and I am amazed to that they are seeing the problem. Now, we'll have to have an act on the problem, but at least they're talking a good game. So, let's see how that works out. And obviously talking about our balance sheet, it's very strong right now. It deals good to handle all of that cash on the balance sheet in this kind of an environment, but in order of priorities, number one priority is working capital, investing that cash in working capital is the best thing we can do. Number two, after that is acquisitions we think that the market is going to do some due diligence for us and acquisitions and we might be able to pick up bargain out there, or two. And then of course after those are exhausted and we still have too much then we will look at the potential for share buybacks or dividends or something along those lines. But right now, we are getting work because of that strong balance sheet some of these larger projects it gives our customers a lot of comfort to know they're dealing with someone with balance sheet as strong as ours.
Alexander Rygiel – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.:  And one follow-up did you see any project cancellations within your natural gas business in the fourth quarter?
John R. Colson:  We saw, I do not think we saw anything that we had under contract cancel. We saw slow-ups on the distribution gas, primarily related to weather, but I think some of it related to the economy and the economic outlook of those gas companies customers, but I do not think we had anything that we had in backlog deteriorate, but there was a lot less opportunity out there for new contracts.
Operator:  Thank you. And at this time we have reached the end of the hour I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
John R. Colson:  All right. Thank you very much. I want to thank you again for your participation in our fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this concludes the Quanta Services fourth quarter earnings conference call. The conference will be available for replay after 11:30 Eastern Standard Time today through March 3 at midnight. You may access the replay system at anytime by dialing 303-590-3000 and entering the access code of 11126526#. Thank you for your participation and at this time you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip Rupp - DRG&E John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer John R. Wilson - President, Electric Power and Gas Operations James F. O’Neil - President and Chief Operating Officer Kenneth W. Trawick - President of Telecommunications and Cable Television Division James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse First Boston Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets Kurt Woodward - JP Morgan Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, November 5, 2008. I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kip Rupp, with DRG&E. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip Rupp - DRG&E: Alright, thank you, Vince and welcome everyone to Quanta Services’ conference call to review 2008 third quarter results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you’d like to be on the e-mail or fax distribution list to receive future press releases for Quanta, or if you had any technical difficulty this morning and did not receive your e-mail or fax, please call our offices at DRG&E, at 713-529-6600. Also, if you’d like to listen to a replay of today’s call, it will be available via webcast by going to Quanta’s website, at quantaservices.com. In addition, there is a telephonic recorded instant replay that will be available for the next seven days, 24 hours a day that can be accessed as set forth in the press release, by dialing 303-590-3000, and using the pass code 11122061#. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, November 05, 2008 and therefore you’re advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. Also this conference will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, projected revenues, earnings per share, tax rates, capital expenditures, and other projections of financial and operating results and information, growth in particular markets, Quanta’s strategies and plans, anticipated future projects, impact of current market conditions, expected benefits from the merger with InfraSource Services, and any other statements reflecting Quanta’s expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta’s control and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect our forward-looking statements, please refer to the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended, March 31, 2008 and June 30, 2008 and its other documents filed with Securities and Exchange Commission, which may be obtained through the SEC’s website at www.SEC.gov. All forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta’s forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. With that, I’d like to now turn the call over to Mr. John Colson, Quanta’s Chairman and CEO. John?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning everyone and welcome to Quanta Services third quarter 2008 conference call. To start call this morning I will provide a general overview of the quarter, insight on developments in the industries we serve and perspectives on emerging opportunities. Our comments will be followed by an operational review by John Wilson, President of our Electric Power and Gas Operations and a review of financial results by James Haddox, our Chief Financial Officer. Jim O’Neil, Quanta’s newly appointed President and Chief Operating Officer along with Ken Trawick, President of Quanta’s Telecommunications and Cable Operations are also present. After our prepared remarks we will open the call for questions. The executive team is proud of Quanta’s third quarter results for many reasons. First, despite an incredibly challenge economic environment, our operations remained strong and operating margins were 10% and are inline with our operational objectives. It appears that the impact of the current economic condition on our top customer has been minimal to date. We believe our customers remain financially secure and committed to the maintenance and build up of their infrastructure. We recognized that some large utilities have recently announced reductions in capital spending. We believe that most of these reductions are related to generation and other areas and will not materially affect the transmission build out. Second, we continue to achieve internal revenue growth. Third, our capabilities are unique in the market place and continue to be on high demand in the industries we serve. And lastly, one of the most destructive hurricanes in US history Hurricane Ike devastated the Golf Coast region and directly impacted our corporate headquarters. Our emergency response plan operated seamlessly. Our customers received the services they required and we were able to focus on the immediate task at hand ensuring the safety of our employees and getting the power back on. The third quarter of 2008 continued the strong trend of revenue growth and margin expansion for Quanta. We continue to perform well and recent strategic announcements further position the company to leverage emerging opportunities including wind and silver. Revenues for the quarter were approximately $1.05 billion compared to $655.9 million in the third quarter of 2007. Pro forma internal revenue growth was approximately 27% compared to the third quarter of 2007 including revenue from all acquisitions since 2007 in both periods. In the third quarter operating income as a percentage of revenue was in our target range of 9% to 12%. Operating income was 10% with amortization added back and 9.1% of amortization deducted. Quanta’s customer base remains diverse which plans strength to the ongoing growth of our revenue base. For the first nine months of 2008, our largest customer made up only 4% of our revenues. Our top 10 customers for the first nine months represented 30% of our total revenues and our top 20 customers made up approximately 43% of revenues. The breakdown of revenues by the type of work also shows diversity. When divided by type of work our 2008 third quarter revenues were approximately 57% from electric power services, 23% from natural gas services including pipeline integrity. 12% of revenues from Telecommunications and cable services, 7% from ancillary services such as horizontal directional drilling and commercial and industrial wiring, and 1% from Dark Fiber leasing services. Our employee count was 17,031 at September 30, 2008. This compares to 16,659 at the end of the second quarter and 15,672 at the end of the September last year. The increase in employees has occurred primarily at our operating units that serve the electric power industry, particularly high voltage transmission infrastructure. We had a decrease in the number of employees in certain of our Telecommunications, underground and wireless operating units. Our workforce and our service scope remain flexible. Quanta was designed with scalability, flexibility and diversity in mind. This enables us to quickly respond to market shifts and increases in demand for our services. This strategy is one with which Jim O’Neil is very familiar. Jim, as previously announced, has accepted the promotion to President and CEO of Quanta. Since joining Quanta almost a decade ago, Jim has been instrumental in the strengthening of our operations as we have acquired and integrated companies into the Quanta culture and as we have evaluated methods of margin enhancement and strategic growth opportunities. I’m excited that Jim has accepted this challenge, gives a strategic addition to the already strong executive team. I know he will apply his expertise, dedication and drive with continued emphasis on sustained growth and earnings, margin enhancement and safety as well as leveraging opportunities in the renewable energy industry. Now, its time to look forward. Yesterday we elected a new President, at Bella package has been deployed, another one may come soon and the nation continues to need power and communications infrastructure. A recurrent message, you will hear throughout today’s call is that most of our customers have not yet been affected by the current credit crisis and due to the fact that the most of them are regulated access to the credit market is not currently a critical item. Some utilities are proposing rate increases, others are leveraging tax incentives but the bottom line is that they remain committed to upgrading their infrastructure. Our perspective that the markets remain strong is also supported of what we are hearing from our customers, regulators, industry associations, financial analysis and other thought leaders in the utility industry. We hosted our sixth annual and largest utility perspective symposium in Washington DC last month. The utility perspective symposium is designed to be an environment for collaborating various financial, regulatory, independent and public perspectives on the industry. Speakers at the meting included Joseph Callahan Chairman of Merck, Barry Smitherman Chairman of the Public Utility Commission of Texas, Dale Klein, Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Tom Kuhn, President of Edison Electric Institute, Randall Swisher, the Executive Director of the American Wind Energy Association along with various current and Former Merck Commissioner. In the message we heard from each of them as well as other state regulators financial and industry consultant experts and more than 40 utility executives in attendance was basically the same. Economic crises are not utilities must strengthen power delivery infrastructure, and the fund should be available to them although cost may be higher. This is reinforced by announcements like the one we made this morning that we have been awarded a contract by Oklahoma Gas and Electric for the construction of approximately 120 miles of 345,000 volt transmission infrastructure just outside of Oklahoma City. John Wilson will discuss this award in more detail shortly. This project will involve collaboration among at least four of our operating units, each contributing specialty service. We will provide all services related to foundations, helicopter transport, construction and installation of the new transmission line. Despite the ongoing credit crisis renewable revenue for 2008 is forecasted to exceed our goal of $150 million. And, we expect these revenues to continue to increase in 2009. So far in 2008, revenue from the renewable energy industry has been derived from approximately 40 different customers. Our renewables backlog continues to increase and we anticipate that renewable revenues will double in 2009, while win constitutes to majority of our renewable revenues today, we also see very attractive opportunities in solar power generation. As we have previously discussed 29 states are mandated to achieve renewable portfolio standards designed to reduce the carbon footprints some of which include specific targets of between 7 and 9 gigawatts of required solar capacity. As additional incentive, investment tax credits have been extended for eight years under the recent financial rescue package. These tax credits can reduce the initial investment for a solar system i.e., up to 30%. Quanta is well positioned to take advantage of these opportunities and we anticipate that solar power will become increasingly important for Quanta in the near feature. We anticipate a softening on maintenance spending related to distribution simply because of lower returns and limited capital. We expect however, that utilities will invest their available capital in transmission as it produces a higher return. We think that increases in transmission spending in the coming years will more than offset decreases in distribution spending. Looking now to a summarized performance of our telecom and cable operations, as mentioned in our second quarter conference call we are in the process of renewing several master service agreements that expire this year. These impacts do appearance of our telecom backlog numbers, we’ve already secured renewals on some of the MSAs that continue to negotiate the remainder. We expect that most of the MSAs will be renewed. Looking to the last quarter of the year there are couple of items to note when reviewing backlog numbers and compare into prior years. First, we have completed a significant wireless project in the Midwest, while we are optimistic that this will continue to be a growth area for us that currently is not a comparable project in our backlog. Second, telecom and cable internal growth for the fourth quarter last year was 60%, creating some very difficult comparisons. Also AT&T has revealed capital expenditure reductions for the remainder of 2008. Originally, it seemed AT&T is fibered to the note program was immune to CapEx reductions. However, in the third quarter we began to experience a decrease in revenues from this customer. We expect this reduction will continue through the fourth quarter of this year. We have no indication that this is a strategic change in direction but our indications are that this appears to be timing issue relative to 2008 capital commitments. For the year-to-date telecom and cable operations have shown 19% pro forma internal revenue growth when compared to the first nine months of 2007. Verizon is also slowing spending in the fourth quarter but we’ve been told that spending will return early next year and will be a substantial in the areas where we serve as in 2008. There remains some M&A activity in the industry, [Century Tell] recently announced that it will acquire Embark, we do not anticipate that this will impact our existing MSAs with Century Tell. In fact, it provides broader access to additional markets for our operating units due to our strong relationship with this customer. Reduction in spending of wireline customers and a lack of significant replacement project for our wireless group will effect our backlog growth and profitability for the fourth quarter of 2008. Over the next 12 months we would believe most of this spending will return and with the continued expansion of electric transmission and renewable energy markets our internal growth overall for the company will be in the double digit range. For those I want to remind you that Quanta was founded with a vision to create a diverse customer and revenue base. We have navigated many pasts from the telecom deterioration early in this century to the aftermath of 9/11. Strength of our executive team and our workforce will enable us to navigate these challenging times as well. As we move forward we will continue to meet the growing needs of our customers in the safest, nice quality, most cost efficient manner as possible. Now, I’ll turn the call over to John Wilson, who will discuss the recent developments in our electric power and natural gas operations.
John R. Wilson – President, Electric Power and Gas Operations: Thank you, John. Good morning everyone. As is evident in John’s remarks despite the current economic concerns in our country we believe this is a dynamic time for Quanta and the power industry as a whole. Even in the current credit situation people still need power. Demand for power combined with the strong financial health of our customers influences us to maintain our positive outlook for the future. The current economic climate will not improve over now but with the election complete we hope a solid path to recovery may begin. In the meantime we maintain our unwavering focus on meeting the needs of our customers who continue to be driven back increasing consumer and commercial demand for green power and an outdated power delivery system unable to deliver that product. Managing our business to optimize efficiencies and solidify margins and ensuring the safety of our workforce. Ongoing demand for our services in the electric power, natural gas and renewable industry is evident in our performance in the third quarter of 2008 and in our 12 month and total backlog levels. In the third quarter of 2008, revenues from electric power and natural gas operation including renewables and emergency restoration were $837.7 million, this compared to $450.1 million in the third quarter of 2007. Restoration work which I will discuss in more detail shortly account for approximately $114 million in revenues in the third quarter of 2008 and approximately $13 million as reported in the third quarter of 2007. Four months backlog for the electric power and natural gas operation as of September 30, 2008 was approximately $1.906 billion. Total backlog for the electric power, natural gas operation as of September 30, ‘08 was approximately $3.967 billion compared to $3.75 billion at the close of 2007. James will discuss comparative backlog in more detail shortly. Throughout the quarter Quanta crew supported several utilities following full hurricanes. Of the hurricanes that made US landfall during the third quarter Hurricane Ike was the largest and most destructive, in fact, Hurricane Ike was the third most destructive hurricane to ever hit the United States and the third costliest with damages in US coastal areas estimated at $27 billion. Two of our largest customers Centerpoint and Entergy experienced a greatest damage to their infrastructure. The hurricane hit close to home, I know, I speak for entire executive team, when I say they proud of our employees of their ability to get the job done in a very challenging situation. We initiated emergency response plan to continue our daily operations and support all of our customers those impacted by the hurricane as well as those who are not impacted. Many of our Houston based employees were significantly impacted or without power for more than two weeks, yet our operations did not mess it be and that is thanks to the skill and dedication of our employees throughout the nation. While power has been restored to most of the area some of our personnel remain in the golf coast region and our focus on rebuilding the infrastructure that was swept away by the storm surge or severally damaged by the winds. Industry development, our industry is also in some lot of a perfect storm, demand is increasing and is expected to increase 30% by 2030 to over $6 billion kilowatt hours based on information from the Energy Information Administration. New generation is required, 258 megawatts of new generating capacity will be needed to meet this growing demand, the estimated cost of this build on is $412 billion. Capacity margins are declining, capacity margins are the measurement of extra generating capacity required to be prepared to meet emergency situations Basel generation capacity margin was at 17% in 2007 down between 30% and 40% in the early 1990s and dangerously close to the 12% to 15% minimal requirement needed to ensure liability and stability of the nation’s power system. Infrastructure is aging, the nation’s transmission grid consist of 200,000 (inaudible) most of which are 40 to 0 years of age or older. And in addition to all of this the industry needs to build a new grid to transport renewable energy from the source to the lower centers. And, this is not just an urban issues according to USDA, the demand for new generating capacity is increasing just as fast in rural America as in urban areas. This will require cooperatives which generally serve rural areas to double generation capacity by 2020. Because of the situation momentum of flood could be called the big transmission build out continues with no ending sign. This is good news for power consumers because they focus on expanding the country delivery system as loss, we believe there will be dark consequences. I studies about our Next-gen energy counsel release just over a month ago states that the United States significant risk power down outs and blackouts as early as next summer. These brownouts and blackouts have the potential to cost tens of billions of dollars and threaten lives. The study found the US will require more than 14,500 miles of new electric transmission lines by 2016 which is less in eight years away. All of these of the circumstances driving our electric power renewables and natural gas business, in a nutshell work under existing contracts continue to gain momentum. New contracts are being signed and utilities are securing approval for hundreds of miles of transmission lines. I will provide an update on a few of our spotlight projects. As announced this morning, Quanta was awarded a contract by Oklahoma Gas and Electric for the construction of approximately 120 miles or 345,000 volt transmission infrastructure just outside Oklahoma City. The contract is expected to be completed over a 12 month period. Both of our operating units will work together to provide all installation services including foundation construction, structure installation and conductors screening. Work is projected to begin in the fourth quarter with estimated completion in the fourth quarter of 2009. Allegheny energy, Trans Allegheny interstate law and trial projects, 500,000 transmission line has recently reached two significant milestones. The first milestone is the commencement of the work at the meadow Brook substation in Virginia, the construction on this substation is planned to start in November 2008 with all permit conditions being satisfied. The construction on the 502 junction substation in Greene County, Pennsylvania is planned to start in December of 2008 with all permit conditions again being achieved. We will perform the work on both of these facilities as part of our previously announced contract with Keeny Construction for the construction of the substation and transmission lines for the trial project. Allegheny has also indicated that it has secured $550 in financing and credit facilities for this and other transmission facilities and activities. We continue to perform work in Central Texas under the $190 million contract for Lower Colorado River Authority or LCRA. Our work supports LCRA’s commitment to strengthen its transmission infrastructure and to build additional infrastructure to support increasing demand in its service territory, which may include the renewable generation sources being developed throughout the State of Texas. For North East utilities we continue preplanning and preconstruction services under our $750 million contract. However, this work will continue to be minimal until the project gets into full swing in about a year. Other industry developments include the (inaudible) operation transmission highline warpath project, which is a joint venture of American Electric Power and Allegheny Energy. BJM interconnection announced this month a reconfiguration of path to incorporate additional 765,000 volt segments on the proposed line. This reconfiguration is a result of constrains identified through comprehensive starting studies, interaction with governmental agencies, public input and a desire to identify a solution that reduces line mileages and minimizes the impact on communities in the environment. The joint venture remains focused on identifying the complete line route and expects to file application for approval by State Regulatory Commissions during the first quarter of 2009. AT and Allegheny announced earlier this week that the deadline for this project has shifted slightly. Development of the Texas competitive renewable energy zone or cress continues to progress. The Public Utility Commission in Texas has clearly stated that it does not expect the credit crisis to impact transmission spending in Texas. The Texas PUC continues to work diligently through a commissioner testimony and official recommendations regarding which groups will build the transmission required by the additional 18,000 megawatts of power capacity. It is estimated that it will take approximately $5 billion and 2,400 miles of additional transmission infrastructure to interconnect these wind farms into the grid. We believe this is a major opportunity for Quanta and that we are well positioned to leverage this opportunity and be part of this monumental task in our home state. There have been other significant developments in strengthening the nation’s transmission grid. Merck has approved rate incentives for various transmission projects including energy gateway transmission expansion project that will deliver up to 3,000 megawatts of capacity in the West. The main power liability program, a 1.4 billion transmission project that will increase reliability capacity to export power to Southern New England. The New York regional interconnect on the condition that New York Public Service Commission determines that the 190 mile transmission line either achieve reliability or reduces conjunctions and approve sliding for the project. We see a strong future for Quanta in the area of renewable energy infrastructure, this is a natural and logical application of our skills and strength and we might bring -- and we bring many years of experience to the industry. According to the American Wind Energy Association, the US Wind Energy industry installed 1,389 megawatts in the third quarter bringing the total wind power projects completed to 4,204 megawatts and what is expected to be a another record year. The wind generation developments occurred in Texas, West Virginia, Utah and the Decodes. Texas added 693 megawatts in the third quarter giving Texas the most wind power capacity of any state. The state with the fastest wind power capacity growth was West Virginia, which more than tripled at existing capacity with the addition of a 164 megawatt projects and another 100 megawatt project scheduled to come online in West Virginia by the end of the year. Utah added its first multi turbine project, the man turbine Spanish works project. (Inaudible) Energy a wind turbine manufacture through about its first US turbines online at a 120 turbine project starting in North Dakota, South Dakota border. Our work in wind is primarily related to construction of the wind farms as well as the collection system, required substation and transmission infrastructure required to transport the renewable power to the areas with the highest demand of power. Building on the success of the Denver International Airport solar project and leveraging the growth in commercial utility level solar systems, we also continue to be active participant in the development and construction process for photovoltaic and thermal solar systems. I look forward to continuing to work with Jim O’Neil in his new positions as we secure honest position in this segment of the market. As you can see from these industry circumstances and Quanta’s operational developments, we expect we will continue to be busy over the next several years. With transmission infrastructure spending somewhat oscillated from the impact of the credit process and with the continuing financial strength of our customers, we believe there exist a strong formula for success and growth. We also continue to aggressively pursue emerging opportunities in solar and ongoing opportunities in wind power. We closely monitor the state of the economy, the strategic direction of our customers to ensure that we meet the evolving needs of our customers and deliver value to our shareholders. Now, I’ll turn the call over to James Haddox who will review our financial results for the third quarter. James?
James H. Haddox – Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John and good morning everyone. Today we announced revenues of $1.05 billion for the third quarter compared to the $655.9 million in the prior year’s third quarter resulting in an increase of $397.5 million or 61%. Pro forma revenues in the third quarter of 2007 were $832.4 million. We’ll now refer to the pro forma information throughout my discussion I’m referring to data prepared on a combined company basis taking into account the acquisition of InfraSource and smaller acquisition as if they occurred on January 1, 2007. Pro Forma revenue growth for 3Q ‘08 compared to 3Q ‘07 totaled approximately 27%. As reported results of operations covered in my discussion in the third quarter of 2008 are compared to Quanta’s historic results for third quarter of 2007 which included only one month of results for InfraSource. This year’s third quarter revenues included record, emergency restoration revenues of approximately $115 million compared to approximately $18 million being in Pro Forma revenues in 3Q ‘07. Excluding emergency restoration revenues from both periods pro forma revenues growth would have been about 15% in the third quarter. On an as reported basis revenues from electric power work during the third quarter of ‘08 increased by approximately $233 million or about 64% over the third quarter of 2007. On pro forma basis, electric power work increased by about $145 million or 32% quarter-over-quarter. Excluding all emergency restoration revenues from both periods, electric power revenues would have grown 12% on a pro forma basis. We believe however the not all emergency restoration revenues should be deducted to determine internal revenues growth for the quarter. Since our cruise would have been working elsewhere had the storms not occurred, we should only remove incremental storm work in order to calculate internal revenue growth. Calculation of incremental storm work has emphasized and judgmental so we don’t calculate it because storm restoration revenues this quarter were considerably higher than normal. We feel that we should point out at the electric power revenue percentage growth would have been higher had only the incremental storm restoration revenues been removed from the calculation of the internal revenue growth. Gas work increased approximately $154 million or 180% on an as reported basis and about a $108 million or about 81% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. Telecom and cable work excluding dark fiber business increased approximately $4 million or 3% on an as reported basis and decreased about $24 million or 16% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. Ancillary work decreased about $6 million or 8% on an as reported basis and decreased about $12 million or 15% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. Dark fiber revenues contributed $16.8 million to the quarter compared to $4 5 million in last year’s third quarter on an as reported basis. Dark Fiber revenues for the third quarter of 2007 included only one month of operations, this revenue was acquired as part of the InfraSource acquisition. On a pro forma basis Dark Fiber revenues grew 38%. Keep in mind, many times we maybe performing all types of works on one job at the same time, which requires us to estimate revenues and cost by type of work. However, we believe that the information we’ve just provided by type of work is directionally accurate. We generate gross margins of 17.6% for this quarter compared to 17.5% during last year’s third quarter. On a pro forma basis last year’s gross margin was 16.9%. On an as reported basis gross margins only improved 10 basis points quarter-over-quarter, however, delving deeper into the discussion of margins electric power and gas margins improved quarter-over-quarter due to better pricing, market conditions and higher volumes of storm restoration revenues. Dark Fiber margins also contributed to the net increase in margins during the quarter. These margin improvements were mostly offset by declines in margins in the telecom and ancillary areas due to lower revenues and experiencing losses on a telecommunications contract completed during the quarter and the couple of ancillary contracts. We are not expecting any additional difficulties under these contracts. On an as reported basis G&A expenses were $80.1 million from the third quarter of ‘08 compared to $59.8 million in the third quarter of ‘07. The increases over 3Q ‘07 was due primarily to the acquisition of InfraSource, higher salaries and benefits associated with increased personnel, salary increases and increased performance bonuses. G&A expenses were down to 7.6% of revenue in 3Q ‘08 compared to 9.1% in 3Q ‘07 and compared to 7.9% in 2Q ‘08, due to better absorption of overhead expenses as we achieve record revenues during the quarter. Operating income before amortization or EBITDA on an as reported was approximately $105.4 million or 10.0% of revenues compared to $55.2 million or 8.4% for the third quarter of 2007 or an increase of 160 basis points quarter-over-quarter. A table showing the calculation of EBITDA is set forth in the Financial News section of our website, at quantaservices.com. We believe that EBITDA has become an important metric as amortization expense associated with InfraSource and other acquisitions has become more material component of our income statement. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $4.9 million in the third quarter ‘07 to $9.0 million in 3Q ‘08 because ‘07 third quarter included only one month amortization related to InfraSource. Interest income decreased approximately $3.4 million during the third quarter of ‘08 versus the third quarter of ‘07 as a result of a lower average cash balance and lower investment rates quarter-over-quarter. Effective tax rate during quarter was 41.1% compared to 5.9% during 3Q ‘07. Effective rate for 3Q ‘07 was favorably impacted by the tax benefits of $17.9 million primarily associated with the reversal of tax contingencies due to the exploration of various federal and state tax spreadsheets of limitations during the period. Including these benefits in 3Q ‘07 effective tax rate would have been 41.7%. Net income for the quarter was $54.9 million resulting in earnings per diluted share of $0.29 compared to net income from continuing operations of $47 million or $0.30 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2007, which included benefits of $0.11 per diluted share from the reversal of the tax contingencies previously mentioned. Adding back non-cash compensation intangibles and non-cash compensation expense, net of taxes, resulted in adjusted income from continuing operations of $62.8 million or cash earnings per diluted share of $0.32 in the third quarter of 2008. This compares to adjusted income from continuing operations of $33.5 million or adjusted cash earnings per diluted share of $0.22 in the third quarter of 07. A reconciliation of GAAP EPS to cash EPS is provided in the tables attached to our press release issued today. Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $16.8 million for the quarter. Cash flow from operations less $49.7 million of capital expenditures net of proceeds from sales resulted in approximately $32.9 million a negative free cash flow for the quarter. Cash flow was negatively impacted by higher working capital requirements associated with the impact of storm restoration services that were performed late in the third quarter. The addition of IFS, specifically the dark fiber leasing operations, also impacted free cash flow, of the $49.7 million in net CapEx this quarter, $32 million related to dark fiber additions. Adjusted EBITDA was $129.2 million or 12.3% of revenues for the third quarter of 2008, representing an increase of $57.0 million or 130 basis points over adjusted EBITDA in 2007 third quarter. For the nine month of 2008, adjusted EBITDA was $311.8million or 10.9% of revenues, which is a 140 basis points higher than adjusted EBDITDA on the first nine month 2007. Calculation of this non-GAAP measure is detailed in a separate analysis in the financial news section of our web site at quantaservices.com. Cash flow from operations for the first nine months of 2008, totaled $50.1 million. Subtracting net CapEx of $153.8 million yields $103.7 million in negative free cash flow year-to-date. We expect that free cash flow will be positive by a significant amount for all of 2008, as we are paid for the emergency restoration service provided late in the third quarter coupled with our forecast at fourth quarter produces lower revenues on a seasonal basis without requiring less working capital. Turning to backlog, three quarters ago we began expanding our disclosure related to backlog by adding a discussion of total backlog to our normal discussion of 12 months backlog. I will take a moment to provide you with the definition of total backlog. Total backlog includes the amount of revenues we expect to derive in the future from signed contracts, for project work and master service agreements. Backlog for project work includes the remaining revenues to be earned under lump sum projects and our estimate of the remaining revenues to be earned under time and equipment of our unit priced contracts. Backlog for master service agreements includes our estimate of future billings, based on our knowledge of our customers’ spending patterns, under T&E and unit price arrangements through the end of the initial contracts periods and through the end of any renewal periods provided by the contract for which we reasonably expect the contract to continue. Our total backlog of work at September 30, 2008 was approximately $5 billion, $88 million which is approximately $201 million or 3.8% lower than total backlog at 06-30-08, just decreased during the quarter was due to burn off, of revenue under MSAs during the quarter. While no material MSA renewals resigned and no material multi year contracts were added to backlog. For the past several quarters total backlog has increased due to the new contracts are renewals being fund and expect the contract burn. While that did not occur this quarter, we feel that it was the timing issue relative to the award of new contract, such as the old G&A contract we’ve announced today, that was not in backlog at 9-30-08. based on current negotiations on several new contracts, we feel the total backlog will increase by year end. Total backlog at the end of Q3 ‘08, increased by about $1.3 billion or 34% compared to the end of Q3, ‘07. Our current backlog of work to be completed during the next 12 months is approximately $2 billion, $428 million, which compared to $2 billion, $394 million in 12 months backlog as of the second quarter 2008, an increase of approximately $34 million. Our 12 months backlog at 09-30-08, has increased by about $211 million or 9.5% compared to 9-30, of 07. Our days sales outstanding which we calculate by using the some of current account receivable, those costs and earnings in excess of billing, less billing in excess of cost divided by the average revenues per day generated in the third quarter, were 85.5 days at September 30, 2008 versus 83 days at September 30, 2007. The increase in DSOs is partially attributable to a large volume of storm restoration revenues occurring during the last month of the quarter. At quarter end we had $266.4 million in cash on our balance sheet. As of 9-30-08, we had approximately $197 million in letters of credit outstanding primarily to secure our insurance program, leaving us with approximately $278 million on the available borrowing capacity under our credit facility. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter we reduced our outstanding letters of credit by about $37 million, thereby increasing our available borrowing capacity to about $315 million. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, the holders of almost all of our $217 million, 4.5% convertible debt exchanged their notes for equity in Quanta. This placed Quant with no significant maturities of debt until September 2012. And our strong cash position and credit viability, Quanta has the financial strength to continue to serve our customers need and has the ability to capitalize on opportunities that may arise as a result of tight credit markets. Concerning our outlook for the feature our fourth quarter results can vary significantly due to the effects of winter weather and emergency restoration work may have on the quarter. Our estimate of revenues for the fourth quarter of ‘08 is from $875 million to $930 million. This estimate includes approximately $25 million of revenues from emergency restoration services versus $4 million earned in 4Q of ‘07. Our estimates for 4Q ‘08 EPS is between $0.18 and $0.25 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. Our GAAP forecast includes an estimate of $10.7 million for non-cash amortization of intangible assets and non-cash compensation expenses. Excluding these expenses, our cash EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be $0.21 to $0.23 per diluted share. Additional guidance, we’re currently projecting our tax rate for the fourth quarter to be approximately 41.5%. We expect our diluted share count to be about 202 million shares excluding the effects of any acquisitions. We continue to expect CapEx for all of ‘08 to be somewhere between $180 million and $190 million. In summary, we’re very pleased with our performance during the third quarter and first nine months of 2008. With that this concludes our formal presentation. I will now open the line for Q&A. Vince?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning and congratulations on nice quarter. My first question relates to the fourth quarter guidance, I understand the fourth quarter is difficult of forecast given seasonality, it’s the winter months but even if you exclude storm work, the mid point assumes about 6% top line growth, I am wondering if there is any one segment that’s driving that and also and also it implies nice deterioration on the margin front. So, if you could just walk me through your thought process behind the guidance?
James H. Haddox: Sure I’ll start and maybe James can follow in there with some margin discussion. But, the telecom business is down as we indicated in our conference call from Verizon and from AT&T. we think that’s not strategic shift and direction for them but merely case out of casing situation with them. We think revenues will increase again in 2009. So, with that plus the difference between what we’re forecasting for storm and what we realized in storm in the fourth quarter of last year, pretty much makes up for any shortfall.
John R. Colson: Same things applies to margins, Jamie, I mean margins, we expect margins to hold up on electric power and gas, but we are seeing a lower margins on the telecom and ancillary side than we did in the fourth quarter of last year.
Jamie Cook: So, you are still forecasting double-digit growth, top line growth on the electric power side?
James H. Haddox: Yes, we are and we are pretty entire company its for what I -- for my presentation earlier we believe that with spending returning from the telecom customers back in 2009 and along with extreme growth in the transmission business and the renewable business in ‘09 as the whole company will have 10% internal growth in ‘09.
Jamie Cook: Okay, so 10% internal growth in ‘09. And then you know, its interesting to hear your positive commentary on the transmission spend but you know, at the same time we have had seen some CapEx reduction announcement from utilities you know, I think for a power in way you know, so they are going to cut their CapEx by 25% some of that was going to come from wind or an environment where financing is more difficult so, I mean what type when we think about your backlog growth in 2009, do you think you can see double-digit backlog growth, do you think that projects while the transmission set will happen at some point does it gets push to the right and does it become more of a 2010 story?
James H. Haddox: Well certainly, transmission line always get pushed and that’s pretty normal. And in discussions so that as I mentioned earlier at the utilities perspective conference where we had a number of industry experts, Chairman of Merck, the Chairman of Texas PUC, 40 customers in discussions with them they were all fairly optimistic they guess it was going to be more expensive to continue to build the transmission because of the credit crisis but they were going forward with those plans. Now, things do change and have changed but that was just a little less than two weeks ago. So, I don’t think anything major changed since then. The thing is most of these utilities are regulated and they are getting a guaranteed return on their money and a guaranteed return of their money for these transmission projects, and so its going to be fairly easy for them to raise capital. So, these projects are going forward, we have seen announcements by said major customers that they are cutting back on CapEx but we think most of that CapEx is related and they are saying that most of the CapEx is related to generation and other things rather than the transmission projects.
Jamie Cook: Beside the CREZ award that we hope to be announced sometime late 2008, early 2009 are there any major projects that you expect to move forward in 2009 that we should be tracking or what’s your latest update I guess? 
James H. Haddox: I don’t want to be too specific because we are of course talking to our customers about those projects and we don’t give our competition all the projects that we know are going. But we haven’t seen the cancellation of any of the projects that we’ve talked about in the past. Those projects are going forward pass as Wilson mentioned has been delayed but that’s not unusual for those kinds of things and it wasn’t delayed because of credit situation it was delayed because the PGM didn’t think that they needed it until 2013 -- complete at 2013.
Jamie Cook: Thanks guys. Okay, I’ll get back in queue. Thank you.
James H. Haddox: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Tahira Afzal: Good morning, gentlemen.
James H. Haddox: Good morning.
Tahira Afzal: Just wanted to go over a couple of projects I know off in the schedule sense, I know FPLE has cut their budgets on the wind side and so several other companies, but I believe there is another large project in -- that might be get awarded in the fourth quarter timeframe and you know, given your competitive advantage there I won’t give more details on it, is that still on track?
James H. Haddox: Well, I’m in a difficult situation because I have confidentiality agreement, but as far as I know everything is impact with the transmission group with FPLE.
Tahira Afzal: And that would be -- from what I can gauge it’s a fairly projects, they are much larger than what you’ve being seeing in the sense?
James H. Haddox: Its -- I can’t comment really because of confidentiality agreements.
Tahira Afzal: Okay, fair enough. Now the Pacific project that just got FERC approval for a higher rate that’s another $6 billion project?
John R. Wilson: I don’t know, Tahira I really don’t know what the size of it as far as dollar value but its very, very significant because the land now is in shallow.
Tahira Afzal: Right, and I think the official number that given out is around $6 billion and do you have an idea of the timing on that by any chance?
John R. Wilson: Yeah, I really don’t, I’m thinking that its somewhere around 2010 events but I don’t have exact date on that one.
Tahira Afzal: And, in terms of the sun rise power line cline it seems like an alternative line has been essentially, unofficially approved and that might go through, would that be a project that could potentially happen for you in 2009?
John R. Wilson: Tahira, as you mentioned remember that was one of the projects that we had listed several conference calls ago. But, one thing remember that everyday that goes by there continues to be reliability studies and focuses on these lines and these lines can shift in locations that could shift in magnitude, increasing in size and voltage. So, everything is not static just because something has been out there ones in the public domain it can change quite significantly. So, we are well aware of all of those projects that you mentioned, there are still on track as John said earlier. All the projects that we happened to be tracking we have mentioned we have not heard of any single cancellation of any of those projects and that happened to be one of them which you just mentioned.
Tahira Afzal: Okay. So, if I want to step back and look, I have a list of $56 billion of high voltage projects over the next three four years that could potentially awarded versus around $4 billion or so that is currently under progress. But, if I look at what you are seeing in terms of what you are tracking right now was it what you were tracking let’s say three months ago, would you say that that list what you are seeing come up for bid that basket is increasing or decreasing?
James H. Haddox: I would say it’s probably increasing. Let me add a little bit of color to that the FERC filings for transmission lines have not decreased and in fact they have increased slightly over the past three months.
Tahira Afzal: Right.
James H. Haddox: One thing that was brought out at our utility perspective symposium that I thought was interesting is that if there is a $100 billion of money spent on transmission lines it would increase the average rate payers bill by $2 a month. So, its fairly insignificant even at a $100 billion of spend on transmission.
Tahira Afzal: And that would be incremental lines added or it just O&M?
James H. Haddox: The additional CapEx.
Tahira Afzal: And just one last question, the loss that you mentioned on the telecom side in the third quarter was that -- would it be possible to get an idea of the size?
James H. Haddox: If you combine the losses on the telecom side and the ancillary side for those projects it was about $10 million, equal to about a 100 basis points of margin.
Tahira Afzal: Right, okay and you said that it would be more like a one time issue could you provide some collar on that?
James H. Haddox: Well, we have some performance issues on those projects and those projects are pretty much down and they are substantially completed so we don’t expect any continuing deterioration on those projects.
Tahira Afzal: As you looked at your fourth quarter guidance and you came up with it would you have assumed some kind of a cushion on projects of a similar profile in the fourth quarter?
James H. Haddox: No, no we don’t think the fourth quarter is less storm work, less telecom work.
Tahira Afzal: So, I mean if I look at your margin then for third quarter it was more like a 11%, operating margin?
James H. Haddox: It hadn’t been for those losses but I have just mentioned it would have been closer to a 11%.
Tahira Afzal: Okay. And then, so if I look at 2009 obviously your telecom work is going to ceasing much tougher comparisons but when I look at margins for next year given what you are seeing right now would we assume -- and assuming no execution issues should one assume that margins could go back to those levels ex-storm work?
James H. Haddox: Back to which levels?
Tahira Afzal: Well let’s say that you take adjust numbers a bid for Storm work but whatever margins you saw in the third quarter underlying excluding Storm work?
James H. Haddox: Yes, there is no reason to think we have to exclude Storm work from that but there is no reason to think that they won’t. That is providing of course the telecom recovers.
Tahira Afzal: Fine alright, okay. Thank you very much.
James H. Haddox: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Shrestha with Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Shrestha: Thank you. Good morning guys and good quarter. Kind of follow-up on that question so when you guys talk about 10% organic growth for 2009, so what is in an underlying assumption as to the growth dynamics that you guys see coming out of the electric, natural gas and telecom side of the business?
James H. Haddox: We are assuming that telecom will come back and be slightly positive and growth, we expect that our renewal revenues will double and we expect to electric utility to continue at the rights that it has over the past year.
Sanjay Shrestha: Okay. And then in terms of – I think you guys made a comment here that there is a decrease in the distribution side related work and increase in the transmission line related work and historically obviously transmission has always been a higher margin business so it is fair to say that organic growth is what is going to be top line for `09 but we could also see even an additional margin expansion during 2009?
John R. Wilson: Now that is difficult to say the real difference between transmission and distribution wasn’t transmission or distribution, it was the type of contract whether it was a fixed price contract or whether it was cost plus contract and to begin with we are anticipating that there will be some falloff in distribution. We haven’t seen a lot yet but we are anticipating that. That is one of the messages that we received at the utilities symposium because maintenance, distribution, maintenance work is reliant somewhat on rate base and rate cases that the return on that investment is lower than transmission investment. Therefore in a limited capital environment, the utilities would focus more on transmission and less on distribution. So that was a forecast that distribution spending being reduced but the real difference between the two is cost plus work or fixed price work and we have been able to negotiate significant amounts of work based on a transmission work, based on some type of cost basis. So, it may not in itself the switch between transmission distribution mean increased margins.
Sanjay Shrestha: Okay. Great that is very helpful. One last question then guys, with your balance sheet where it is and industry obviously you are in one of them, best position given your scale, reach and all that sort of stuff. So, what do you think is the appropriate use of that cash at this point for you guys, do you know, are you potentially evaluating some acquisition candidate, can you talk about that a little bit?
John R. Wilson: Certainly. It certainly feels nice to have that cash on the balance sheet and these are the difficult times but obviously we have too much cash on the balance sheet and we are looking at alternatives at this time there -- There are good -- are some attractive acquisition opportunities out there and we have to decide when the right time to acquire is and if that is the best use of the capital and there are other uses as well but if we don’t do acquisitions, there could be some other uses for the capital whether it be stock buybacks or evident we haven’t decided that at all yet either.
Sanjay Shrestha: Okay that is terrific. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kurt Woodward with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Kurt Woodward: Yes, hi good morning.
James H. Haddox: Good morning.
Kurt Woodward: In terms of the distribution network for next year in terms of maybe the capital allocation shift to more transmission projects. Is your thinking right now and maybe what you are seeing in the fourth quarter, that distribution spending will be down for you guys?
James H. Haddox: In the fourth quarter?
Kurt Woodward: In the fourth quarter and for 2009?
James H. Haddox: There was intensifying in the distribution spending for `09 will be down. I don’t think we are anticipating much of reduction distribution spending in the fourth quarter but `09 as I say that is kind of a forecast that, and it’s a theme that we heard from our customers and regulators in Washington D.C. two weeks ago.
Kurt Woodward: And in terms of the telecom outlook for your ability to be positive on revenue growth’s in `09, you can face pretty difficult comparisons and it really feels like a next couple of quarters that at least in a spending it’s going to be you know, on a negative growth trajectory correct if me if I am wrong. So, you know, that would seem to imply you have to see pretty massive recovery in spending levels above where you are the first half of ‘08 to get positive in ‘09?
James H. Haddox: Yeah, we don’t expect to see telecom to be immensely positive in ‘09 but we expect revenue to come back to ‘08 levels in ‘09 and that’s what our customers are telling us. So, we don’t see a shift in strategic direction by our customers on the telecom side. We just see a cash allocation problem on that side. And they are telling us that the work is coming back next year, they don’t say that it is increasing an extreme amount, but we have been gaining market share in that field and we expect that what they’re this correct and that telecom may not have a lot of growth but it shouldn’t be negative.
Kurt Woodward: Okay. And you know, if you look at -- if you take your telecom and distribution business together I think that’s about may be a little under 40% of your revenue, and if that’s going to be a kind of flattish next year the other 60% of the business would have to grow at a growth rate of roughly call it 33%, is that spare, and is that how you are coming up with your 10% forecast for ‘09?
James H. Haddox: Well, we -- there is a lot of moving parts in our forecast and we don’t want to get into the new shift, but the bottom line as we think that we can grow at double-digit level in 2009 and that’s because robust transmission growth plus renewal energy growth doubling the renewal energy as I said.
Kurt Woodward: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Beach with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Beach: Good morning John and James.
John R. Colson: Good morning.
James H. Haddox: Good morning.
Jeffrey Beach: Can you talk a little bit about your gas business you’ve been going through a shift from the utilities into the private sector and where you stand with that and is there some vulnerability in 2009 to the growth opportunities from seeing gas price come down in the market for the last few months?
James H. Haddox: We’ve done very well with that transition and we all know that that’s highly cyclical business. But, right now we are anticipating continued growth from that side of the business for the foreseeable future. It remains to be same whether there is going to be significant cut backs or not because of gas prices, but right now we have not see that.
Jeffrey Beach: All right. And the backlog is -- do you have a strong enough backlog in the natural gas business to give you good visibility ahead through 2009 for growth?
James H. Haddox: Yeah, we -- that natural gas backlog burns off very quickly because we bill those things -- those projects very quickly. But, their projects that we are seeing in our biding today and that we have end backlog give us fairly good confidence that pretty strong for the foreseeable future.
Jeffrey Beach: And then, just a little more expansion on the electric utility spending on distribution, maintenance you are saying is going to likely be reduced what about spending on the reliability aspect of this and if you look that combined spending and transmission and distribution next year do you see you know, a lower growth rate in ‘09 than you would have expected three to six months ago?
John R. Colson: Yeah, probably we see lower than we expected six months ago, that lets talk a little more detail on the distribution business. Many of our customers will not be heading back but expect that some will because they have or dependent upon getting reimbursed through rate cases for some of that spending, others and others states and particularly California is one, that’s not the case that their distribution spending will probably be robust, Texas the same way. So, there are some space that won’t be true and if we are talking trying to be as honest and go forward as we can what heard at the conference and what we see going on.
Jeffrey Beach: And again, because some comments about the reliability part of this, is that becoming maybe less important in the near term?
James H. Haddox: Well, I think that. The maintenance can be put off for a period of time, months or maybe as much as a year, but certain reliability will catch up with you pretty quickly. And so, they can put off maintenance for a while but certainly not long term. And one came I should point out, wind business that we do particularly the gathering lines in wind-farms is very much like the underground distribution business. So, those assets can be transferred over to wind side fairly readily, pretty seamlessly actually.
Jeffrey Beach: Alright. Thank you.
John R. Colson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Alex Rygiel with FBR. Please go ahead.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you. Good morning, gentleman.
John R. Colson: Good morning Rig.
Alex Rygeil: Few questions, first John or James. Could you run through your top five customers on the natural gas side of your business?
John R. Colson: Do you get that James?
James H. Haddox:  This is for nine months, enterprise products, energy transfer, down after that its, past our top 20 customers.
John R. Colson: Prospects we have done it.
James H. Haddox: Prospects but I don’t know where they rank him the top five this year. We only have the top 20 in front of me and those two were in the top 20, the rest are outside the top 20.
Alex Rygiel:  And James can you possibly give us backlog by service type?
James H. Haddox:  Yeah. We’ll may give you about 12 month in total? Or total or what?
Alex Rygiel: Both would be great?
James H. Haddox: 12 months, electric $1.424 billion, total (inaudible) gas 12 months, $482 million total $658 million, telecom $311 million 12 months, total $495 million, ancillary $140 million, 12 months, 226 total, dark fiber, $71 million 12 months, and $400 million in total.
Alex Rygiel: Thank you. And John, you mentioned that the outlook for distribution Electric in 2009, would likely be down. What occurred with your Electrical distribution business in 08 versus 07?
John R. Colson:  It showed growth over ‘07.
Alex Rygiel: Distribution was up in ‘08 versus ‘07 despite the headwind of the negative residential market?
John R. Colson: That’s correct. A Part of that; remember most of the trends in increased outsourcing come from the distribution market. So, distributions’ spending throughout the 90s was relatively flat .If you look back and we had internal growth presently through increase outsourcing during that period of time. And also, remember that we didn’t have much residential impact to Quanta, very minimal.
Alex Rygiel: Is that on a pro-forma basis that come in?
John R. Colson:  Yeah. Yes it is.
Alex Rygiel: Okay. And than lastly few word of represent total revenue?
John R. Colson: Fuel is down, so I don’t think we did a calculation this quarter I didn’t but it was running about 3% when the fuel was $3. And so, it has probably dropped down 2.5 to two and three quarter percent.
Alex Rygiel: Great. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Rogers with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
John B. Rogers:  Hi good morning. I was just curious, if you look out into especially in the ‘09 to ‘10 in the transmission becomes a larger portion of your revenue, will continue to be booked on a fixed price basis. Is that you’re expectation? And what are you thinking about in terms of the split there versus in the 46 year I guess 50:50 revenue levels is to evolve to.
John R. Colson: What you are seeing is your smaller projects will probably still be bid on a lump-sum comp basis, but when you started get into your larger, what we call our mega-projects, we’re seeing those types projects that extend over several periods or several years, and sizable builds of being looked at differently in industry because of the amount of risk that we would have to put in them. So, we are looking at more hourly type work or guaranteed value return or something like. But you’re still going to see a lot of big basis on your smaller projects of say less in $5 million, $10 million maybe, but you start to get that 2,3,4 $600 million projects, it kind of takes on a little different perspective.
John B. Rogers:  And With those larger projects, will we see more I mean higher margins but also more especially short-term volatility as a result of it?
John R. Colson: I don’t necessarily, we see a little lumpiness in projects from time, you have one winding down and the other ready to start up or something like that, but I don’t see too much volatility. We mentioned we are getting ready to kick off the solid game line and you’ll see revenues building pretty significantly, that we just finished the Northeast utility. So, that job was ramping down, this one Quant hadn’t started yet. So, could be a little lumpiness, but not volatility.
John B. Rogers:  Okay. I guess that’s what I meant, the lumpiness. In the terms of the mix between distribution in transmission work?
James H. Haddox: That is stands about the 50:50 at this point in time, the transmission has been growing rapidly, it used to be 70% distribution and 30% transmission and we are counting substations in the transmission number but it’s probably 50:50 and transmission I am sure we will pass it going forward.
John B. Rogers: Yeah I mean, John, could you go as for as 70/30?
James H. Haddox: Yes. We could.
John B. Rogers: Okay, okay great. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Gambuzza with Longbow. Please go ahead.
Steve Gambuzza: Good morning.
James H. Haddox: Good morning.
John R. Colson: Good morning.
Steve Gambuzza: On this distribution front, I think I’m overtime you guy’s have consistently been able to outgrow your end market in terms of the revenue growth, which is additional spending, do you expect that might be the case next year?
James H. Haddox: Yes I wouldn’t see any change in that at all.
Steve Gambuzza: Thanks, very much.
James H. Haddox: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow up question from the line of Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Tahira Afzal: Well. I forgot to ask you, your 9 to 12% operating margin range got you from on the long term indicated before hand, given the changing environment, would you like to stick to that?
James H. Haddox: Yes, we would.
Tahira Afzal: And, I know that it was supposed to be 18 months back earlier on in the year as we now look on to 2009 coming on, would you still expect margins to potentially expand in the 2009 timeframe basis, what seems to be in line with a second kind of 8% operating margin for 2008?
James H. Haddox: If a Telecom comes back as we suspect, and if the wind and solar renewals come on as they are projected to along with the transmission market and we should continue to see margins expand they probably won’t in the first quarter of next as we start cranking up the telecom again and because of winter weather. But then I think we should start to see some margin expansion again.
Tahira Afzal: Yes, I mean, if you look at, you are at 8% given based on what you implied for fourth quarter guidance, you are at 8% for 2008, and the lowest we can go within that guidance, would be 9% so would it be fair to say that in 2009 to expect 9% and then if you can -- I mean have you done any sensitivity analysis to see if it does not come back to the same extent what the impact could be?
James H. Haddox: Now we haven’t and we are not giving projections of ‘09 being 9% but we are still sticking with our goal of 9% to 12 % operating income margins.
Tahira Afzal: That was sort of earlier on industry and that would imply it you sticking to the same time frame that you would be at least entering lower end of that for the full year by ‘09, would that kind of seem okay?
James H. Haddox:  That’s very possible what we’re seeing now is the -- I’m just not making projections to that I want to make that clear.
Tahira Afzal: Sure.
James H. Haddox: But the margins in our backlog higher than our existing margins so the both well for increases margin going forward that we can have a drag from significant part of margin like telecom business.
Tahira Afzal: And I mean if you look at the backlog in your margin right now you’ve moved up around lets take a close to 100 basis points over the year in 2000 versus 2007 if you look back to your back log at this point last year was it similar move up as well. What you see your backlog margin today in terms of lag out from last year is that similar?
John R. Colson: I don’t know if it is equated to that you have to also remember that we have storm works this year there was not in backlog last year. We did have higher margins in backlog than we were experiencing at this time last year, but I can’t tell you whether it was 100 basis points, I don’t recall. I just know it was higher.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Kurt Woodward with JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Kurt Woodward: Yeah hi, in terms of once the allocations are made for the transmission capacity in Texas, the Texas Commission signed off on that, what is the estimated time line between that point and when you would expect bidding to occur in terms of necessary permitting, citing and potentially some engineering work? Would that be like a six month process from that point in time? Or what would be your best guess?
James H. Haddox: I would say, you will see engineering work start fairly rapidly because I am assuming there is a lot of work going on behind the scenes already. Once those announcements are made it is going to be a pretty fast track project to get these things built and get them online. You might even see some engineering work preliminary engineering work start prior to any announcement and as soon as the announcements are made, I think they will evaluate the need put which individual line and it will be pretty much peddled to the metal have that point not because they already have the wind built, the constraint transmission system and they can’t get the load to the load setters. There are a lot of dynamics going on out in West Texas where generators even having to pay people to take their power because of the constraints on the system. It is going to be pretty fast track, fast moving.
Kurt Woodward: But, we are into permitting and sightings still need to get completed before you could?
John R. Colson: Once In Texas, it operates a little different. One thing you see, grant these allocations that process is over where the lips go.
Kurt Woodward:  Okay. Thanks and In terms of the telecom margins, what would those margins look like say now when you are running it little bit lower revenue levels in a 12 months ago. Like rough numbers from margin that?
James H. Haddox: Except for the losses we have shown in the quarter, they will be down a couple hundred, may be 300 basis points from what they would be normally.
Kurt Woodward: So, normally they are around like 7% or 8%? Is that correct?
John R. Colson: No, no I am saying that going forward margins will probably be less if you take out the losses, they probably 200/300, they have been running very well with electric power margins in the second quarter and first quarter of this year. Third quarter they were affected by losses as James mentioned. And as they are running right now there probably because telecom spending is stand if probably 2 or 300 points, lower eclectic utility margins.
Kurt Woodward:  Okay and the utility?
James H. Haddox: I guess 200 points.
John R. Colson: Yeah okay.
Kurt Woodward: And the utility margins are running here today around call it 8% or 9%?
James H. Haddox: No, they are better than that.
Kurt Woodward: Okay.
Operator:  Thank you. And at this time there are no additional questions, I would like to turn it back to management for any closing remarks.
John R. Colson: Thank you very much for your attendance at our third quarter conference call. We look forward to seeing you at the next quarter call. Good bye for now.
Operator:  Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference for today. If you would like to listen to the replay of today’s conference please dial 303-590-3000 using the access code 11122061 followed by the pound key. ACT would like to thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip Rupp - DRG&E John R. Colson - President and CEO Kenneth W. Trawick - President of Telecommunications and Cable Television Division James H. Haddox - CFO John R. Wilson - President and Electric Power and Gas Division
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse First Boston Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, August 06, 2008. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Kip Rupp, with DRG&E. Please go ahead, sir.
Kip Rupp - DRG&E: Alright, thank you, Mitch and welcome everyone to Quanta Services' conference call to review 2008 second quarter results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you'd like to be on the e-mail or fax distribution list to receive future press releases for Quanta, or if you had any technical difficulty this morning and did not receive your e-mail or fax, please call our offices at DRG&E, at 713-529-6600. Also, if you'd like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available via webcast by going to Quanta's website, at quantaservices.com. In addition, there is a telephonic recorded instant replay that will be available for the next seven days, 24 hours a day that can be accessed as set forth in the press release, by dialing 303-590-3000, and using the pass code 11116519. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, August 06, 2008 and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. Also this conference will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, projected revenues, earnings per share, tax rates, capital expenditures, and other projections of financial and operating results and information, growth in particular markets, Quanta's strategies and plans, anticipated future projects, expected benefits from the merger with InfraSource Services, and any other statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on Quanta's forward-looking statements and Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect our forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended, March 31, 2008 and its other documents filed with Securities and Exchange Commission which may be obtained through the SEC's website at www.SEC.gov. All forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Mr. John Colson, Quanta's Chairman and CEO. John?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning everyone and welcome to Quanta Services second quarter 2008 conference call. To start call this morning I will provide a general overview of the quarter, insight on developments in the industries we serve and perspectives on emerging opportunities. My comments will be followed by a review of our telecommunications, cable television and wireless operations by Ken Trawick, President of those operations and a review of the financial results by James Haddox, our Chief Financial Officer. John Wilson, President of Quanta's Electric Power and Natural Gas Operations, is also present to answer questions. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. The second quarter of 2008 continued a strong trend of revenue growth and margin expansion for Quanta. We continue to perform well in the industries we serve and are well positioned to leverage emerging [ph] opportunities. Revenues for the quarter were approximately $961 million compared to $552 million in the second quarter of 2007. The second quarter of 2008 revenues include constitution from operations added through the acquisition of InfraSource completed in August of 2007, as well as a couple of smaller acquisitions we have completed since the end of the second quarter 2007. Internal revenue growth, however, was strong at approximately 20% compared to the second quarter of 2007 pro forma to include these acquisitions at both periods. We continue to be optimistic, although we're closely monitoring current and projected economic conditions. By design, Quanta's revenues base is diverse. Our service scope is broad and our operations are efficient, minimizing the impact of the fluctuating economy. Oil prices increased significantly during the first two quarters of this year, our margins remain strong in most of the in the industries we serve. This is primarily attributable to growing demand for our services. However, multiyear strategic initiatives focused on increasing efficiencies strengthened our operations and our ability to strategically manage our business also contributed. Our diversity resonates through our customer base and type of work. Our largest customer for the quarter made up only 4.8% of our revenues. Our top-10 customers for the quarter represented 33% of our total revenues, and our top-20 customers made up approximately 46% of revenues. Breakdown of revenues by type of work also shows diversity. When divided by type of work, our 2008 second quarter revenues were approximately 55% from electric power services, 21% from natural gas services including pipeline integrity, 16.5% of revenues from telecommunications and cable services, 6% from ancillary services such as horizontal directional drilling and commercial and industrial wiring, and 1.5 from Dark Fiber leasing services. Our employee count was 16,659 at June 30, 2008. This compares to 15,909 at the end of the first quarter and 11,713 at the same time last year. The increase in employees has occurred primarily on the electric power side of our business to support large transmission projects, natural gas work and renewable energy infrastructure construction. We've also grown our employee base to support the ongoing fiber-to-home initiatives which Ken will discuss shortly. Looking now at our electric power and natural gas operations; revenues from electric power work totaled $532 million in the second quarter, compared to $314 million in the second quarter of last year. We continue to support various utilities to restore power to their service territories throughout the second quarter and into the third quarter. Our crews remain in Iowa following the June flooding of the Mississippi river. We are working to repair gas distribution lines and restore service back to the customers in those impacted areas. Additionally, we deployed crews to South Texas last week to help with restoration efforts following Hurricane Dolly. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicts a 60 to 70% chance of 12 to 16 maintenance storm including 69 hurricanes during the 2008 season. With the 2008 hurricane season almost one-third complete, our crews remain poised to support our customers' restoration efforts as needed. As announced in this morning's press release, Allegheny Energy's, Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line or TrAIL 500,000-volt transmission line has received final approval from the Public Service Commission of West Virginia. Last Friday, the Commission issued an order approving TrAIL coast [ph] preferred route in West Virginia, as well as certain modifications south of Morgantown. The order follows FERC's July approval of the agreement for the TrAIL formula rate treatment which established its formula rate for the post-transmission line through West Virginia, Virginia, and Pennsylvania and other transmission-related projects. Also, the hearing examiner in Virginia recommended that the State Corporation Commission authorize construction other Virginia segments of the line. He stated that the line is necessary to resolve overloads projected to occur on the transmission system as soon as 2011. TrAILCo is awaiting final approval in this route [ph] in Virginia and Pennsylvania. In 2007, Quanta was awarded the contract for the construction and transmission infrastructure for this 210 mile 500,000-volt project which is expected to be completed by June 2011. Under $190 million contract with Lower Colorado River Authority, we've completed an initial project and are in the planning stages for additional projects expected to ramp up over the next several months. During the five-year period of the contract, Quanta will provide new construction, repair and maintenance services including right away preparation, environmental control, structural foundations, structure installation, conductor straining and energizing of new transmission lines as well as the reconstruction of existing transmission lines. As I will discuss shortly, LCRA is one of several utilities that has publicly stated its commitment to build the transmission system required by the new wind generation in Texas. Under our $750 million with contract with Northeast Utilities, which is separate from the recently completed Middletown to Norwalk project, we are continuing in the pre-planning stages. The work under this contract is projected to begin in the fall of 2009. There were significant developments related to delivery of power by the transmission grid in the second quarter. These developments occurred in several areas: transmission related to renewables, regulatory rulings and the initiation of projects to increase reliable power delivery. Most visible and publicized of these developments were related to the advancement of renewable generation, particularly wind power in Texas. Three weeks ago Texas officials gave a nod to the nation's largest wind power project. Texas is already the leader in U.S. wind power generating approximately 5000 megawatts of wind power. The new plan would increase this capacity to 18,000 megawatts and enable that power to be moved for the plains of West Texas to the more populated energy-consuming urban areas in North and Central Texas. It is estimated that it will approximately $5 billion in transmission infrastructure to interconnect these wind farms into the grid. Several longstanding Quanta customers joined together to form a joint venture called Electric Transmission of Texas. This joint venture of AEP and MidAmerican Energy Holdings has now joined with LCRA, Oncor and Sharyland Utilities to submit a proposal to the Texas PUC to build 2400 miles of new 345,000-volt transmission line. Lone Star Transmission also submitted a proposal to build us much as $2.4 billion of transmission line. It goes without saying that this is the significant opportunity for Quanta. We believe we're well positioned to leverage this opportunity and we'll be proud to be part of such a monumental task in our home state. California as a state with one of the highest increases in energy consumption and one of the most aggressive renewable portfolio standards remains a hotspot for transmission projects. In recent weeks, California independent system operator or Cal-ISO outlined $6.5 billion in plans for major transmission projects. The plans encompass six transmission projects that would provide 9,550 megawatts of additional transmission capacity to meet the state's 33% renewable portfolio standards goals by 2030. Two projects critical to this goal and the previous goal of 20% by 2010 are the Tehachapi transmission project and the Sunrise [ph] power line. As we mentioned in our last call, we have begun work on the Tehachapi transmission line. The contract encompasses installation of 75 miles of 500,000-volt transmission line which will be part of the $1.8 billion program to provide a high voltage transmission infrastructure necessary to interconnect and deliver renewable wind resources being developed in the Tehachapi wind resource area to California electricity customers. As you know, the push for renewable power generation is not limited to Texas and California, it spans the country. At the end of the second quarter, we were in the midst of more than 30 projects related to renewable energy. These projects are related to wind, solar, and biofuel and fall into one or several categories; general construction, electrical construction systems, transmission and substation infrastructure. We continue to see an increase in request for proposals as more renewable initiatives many of which have been in development for years become a reality. We expect our revenues from renewable projects for the year 2008 to be approximately $150 million. In addition to the emergence of the wind energy initiatives I have already discussed, we have seen an increase in opportunities related to solar energy. In our last call, we discussed our installation of the solar electric generator plant at the Denver International Airport which was completed this month. We will participate in the ribbon cutting later this month, which will have added visibility because of the upcoming Democratic National Convention being held in Denver. Under the contract with WorldWater, Quanta provided site preparation and installation services for the more than 9000 panels required for the 2-megawatt ground-mounted solar system. The system spans more than 9 acres, the equivalent of seven football fields and is projected to provide 40% of the power supply required to run the airport, saving the airport about $13 million over the next 20 years. We believe the success of this project is lead to additional opportunities in the near future for Quanta. We are currently in negotiations with several independent solar projects in the Central and Southern United States. I would like to close with an observation about the importance of our work. Since Quanta's inception, we've being stressing the need to upgrade the nation's power delivery system, and now it's a discussion in mainstream America, and it has become evident to most that transmission is not just about power; it's about livelihood. A recent study titled, The Cost of Not Building Transmission, conducted by Idaho National Laboratory under a grant from the Department of Energy, stated that transmission is the key to economic growth in the Pacific Northwest and Western Canada. They further stated that the region will lose out on tens of billions of dollars of economic activity each year, if proposed inter state and trans-boundary electric transmission projects are not built. Realizations like this and the increased momentum in the industries we serve are reflected in our backlog. Twelve months backlog for the electric power and natural gas operations at 06/30/08 was approximately $1.9 billion. Total backlog for the electric power and natural gas operations at 06/30/08 was approximately $4.2 billion. Quanta was founded with the vision to meet for infrastructure to deliver electric power, natural gas, telecommunications, and cable TV to the homes and businesses throughout our nation. Our employees have been making this a reality for decades and in many cases for generations. Now I will turn the call over the Ken Trawick who will discuss the recent developments in are telecommunications and cable operations Ken?
Kenneth W. Trawick - President of Telecommunications and Cable Television Division: Thank you, John and good morning everyone. I am very pleased to report continued strong results from Quanta's telecommunications and cable operations. In the second quarter of 2008, these operations had approximately 29% organic revenue growth compared to the second quarter of '07 on a pro forma basis including acquisitions in both periods. Our ability to maintain margins while growing revenues is a result of our ongoing focus on quality of revenues. This growth is driven primarily by the services we provide to deploy fiber networks for the RBOCs, rural telcos and municipalities as well as increased activity in our wireless division. The growth in our fiber installation services reflects the continuing commitment by the service providers and municipalities to deploy their fiber networks closer to the home and businesses that demand them. Our largest customers in this area are Verizon and AT&T both of them continued to announce expansion of their broadband services and communities throughout the nation. Our work is reflective of this and has been largely concentrated in California, Washington, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Florida, Texas, Delaware and New York. In the second quarter, Verizon unveiled its plans to expand availability of its high-speed triple play wireless service. The network currently reaches 10 million homes and small businesses throughout Verizon's 16 state territories. The company plans to initially reach 18 million homes and businesses about 2010 and recently indicated that there is potential for that target number to increase during the same time period. This represents an $18 billion investment for Verizon. We think this provides some insight into Verizon's commitment and a continued demand that we expect will exist for our proven quality of installation services. AT&T also recently stated their desired target to secure to more than 1 million customers with its numerous offering by year end and reiterated that they will deliver on this $4 billion commitment. The company's current subscriber toll is populated in 49000 with service available to 11 million homes in 53 markets. Now, I have stated this in previous calls but I want to stress that Quanta is committed to continued performance to support these customers in their network strategies to meet their deployment targets. Our relationship continues to grow because of the quality work that our construction, installation crews provide, our commitment to safety and our knowledge of the industry. It is not just about trenching and placing fibers and conduits. In many cases such as work multiple dwelling units, we are providing a turnkey operation to these customers. From community communication to marketing to scheduling and equipment installation, Quanta's national footprint is providing a wide range of services to assist our customers in reaching their goal. As fiber initiatives by the telcos reach full speed, additional competitive pressure is being placed on the cable operators to maintain and growth their subscriber base. Comcast recently announced that it plans to increase upstream bandwidth for its high-speed Internet customer at no additional cost. The company also recently announced a significant increase in subscribers for both high-speed Internet and their voice services. We believe this healthy competition is not only good for the end users but speaks positively to a continuing demand from the services provided by Quanta to these customers. Our revenues form traditional outside plant maintenance services have been flat-to-down as a result of the downturn in the housing market. This is the start of the bidding season for a business as usual past [ph] master service agreement expiring this year and we anticipate renewal of that current agreement. Total backlog for our telephone services excluding dark fiber remained flat since the first quarter. This is somewhat affected by the expiration of those MSAs at the end of this year. As I have mentioned previously, we expect the wireless industry has turned the corner and we expect continued strong revenue opportunities in this part of our business. This follows a period of mergers and acquisitions as well as questions about most viable path for new technology. Today the market leaders are aggressively deploying new third generation or 3G technology to keep up with growing demand for cross-platform services, reliable service and strong connections. In the second quarter, we completed a major wireless project in the Midwest to support these efforts. Under the contract, Quanta provided complete services from site acquisition to construction and installation of electronics. The customer has commended our work and we expect the strong relationship to lead to future opportunities of similar scope. Also in the second quarter, one of the interests in the wireless space, Verizon wireless acquired Alltel in an effort to expand the company's wireless network. With both Verizon and Alltel being long-term customers of Quanta for different services, we do not anticipate this acquisition to have a significant impact on our business. We expect the wireless industry to remain a strong opportunity for the foreseeable future. We have secured new contract with major players that will position us to respond to these needs, as they expand their networks and the capability of these networks. Now looking to our Dark Fiber business; as we continue to leverage this competitive advantage, which was added to our services scope with the acquisition of InfraSource, we remain pleased with the strength of the existing business and the future growth opportunities. Revenues for the quarter were up 18.5% over the second quarter of '07 with improving margins. As we previously mentioned, this is a vertically-integrated service which can leverage growth in key markets where secure high-speed networks are critical in areas such as education and healthcare. I recently provided some insight into measuring this business growth and the potential for evaluation of new contract sales. In 2007, new contract sales reached about a $147 million. New contract sales for 2008 have increased over 35% compared to the same period in 2007. These amounts represent additional revenues to be recognized over the contract period, beginning upon completion of construction of the networks. This area of our business is just entering the bidding season as the target vertical markets evaluate budgets for the coming year. Our outlook for our combined telecom and cable operations remain strong. The first half of 2008 has delivered 42.5% pro forma revenue growth and strong margins, while we strengthened our market condition. We expect this strong performance to continue as we leverage our industry leadership, diverse services, and competitive differentiators to meet the evolving needs of our customers. While there is a potential that a prolonged recession could have a negative impact on our customers' spending patterns, statements from various service providers combined with our recent results, our near-term forecast and continued high demand for bundled services and half bandwidth applications, both data and video, wireless and fiber-based support our positive outlook and opportunities to grow revenues with strong margin in 2008. Now, I will turn the call over to James Haddox for a review our financial results. James?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Ken and good morning everyone. Today we announced revenues of $960.9 million for the second quarter compared to $552.2 million in the prior year second quarter resulting in an increase of $408.7 million or 74%. Pro forma revenues in the second quarter of 2007 would have been $806.4 million. When I refer to pro forma information throughout my discussion, I am referring to data prepared on a combined company by just taking into account the acquisition of InfraSource and two smaller acquisitions, as if they occurred on January 1, 2007. Pro forma revenue growth for 2Q '08 compared to 2Q '07 totaled approximately 19.6%. The as reported results of operations covered in my discussion for the second quarter of 2008, are compared to Quanta's pre-merger historical results for the second quarter of 2007. This year's second quarter revenues included emergency restoration revenues of approximately $23 million compared to approximately $10 million being earned in pro forma revenues in 2Q '07. Excluding emergency restoration revenues from both periods, pro forma revenue growth would have been about 18% in the second quarter. I want to remind you that we changed our methodology for combining... for compiling revenue by industry. We now discuss revenue backlog of work performed. For example, in the past when we performed telecom work for a utility, the associated revenues would have been classified as utility work. Under our current methodology, the revenues will be classified as telecom work. Keep in mind, many times we maybe performing all types of works on one job as the same time, which requires us to estimate revenues and cost by type of work. However, we believe that the information by type of work is directionally accurate. On an as-reported basis, revenues from electric power during the second quarter of '08 increased by approximately $218 million or about 69% over the second quarter of 2007. On a pro forma basis, electric power work increased by about $69 million or 15% quarter-over-quarter. Gas work increased approximately $136 million or 208% on an as-reported basis and about $83 million or 71% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. Telecom and cable work, excluding dark fiber leasing, increased approximately $66 million or 73% an as-reported basis and about $36 million or 29% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. Ancillary work decreased about $25 million or 31% on an as-reported basis and decreased about $33 million or 37% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. Dark fiber revenues contributed $13.5 million in the quarter. Since this revenue was acquired as a part of the InfraSource acquisition, it did not contribute any as-reported revenues in the second quarter of 2007. On a pro forma basis dark fiber revenues grew 18.5%. We generated gross margins of 16.5% for this quarter, compared to 15.4% during last year's second quarter, or an improvement of 110 basis points quarter-over-quarter. On a pro forma basis, last year's gross margin was 15.9%. The overall margin improvement quarter-over-quarter continued to being due to the improved pricing, the contribution of the higher margin Dark Fiber segment, and better fixed cost absorption as a result of higher revenues. On an as-reported basis, G&A expenses were $76.3 million in the second quarter of 2008 compared to $47 million in the second quarter of 2007. The increase over 2Q '07 was due primarily to the acquisition of InfraSource, higher salaries and bonuses associated with increased personnel, salary increases and increased performance policies. G&A expenses were down to 7.9% of revenues in 2Q '08 compared of 8.5% in 2Q '07 and compared to 8.4% in 1Q '08. Operating income before amortization or EBITDA on an as-reported was approximately $82.4 million or 8.6% revenues compared to $38.2 million or 6.9% for the second quarter of 2007 or an increased 170 basis points quarter-over-quarter. A table showing the calculation of EBITDA is set forth in the Financial News section of our website, at quantaservices.com. We believe that EBITDA has become an important metric as amortization expense associated with InfraSource and other acquisitions has become a more material component of our income statement. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $692,000 in the second quarter 2007 to $9.9million in 2Q '08 due to acquisition of InfraSource and two other small acquisitions. Interest income decreased approximately $3.6 million in the second quarter of '08 versus the second quarter of '07 as results of a low average cash balance and lower investment rates quarter-over-quarter. Our effective tax rate during was 41.8% compared to 42.3% during 2Q '07. Net income for the quarter was $40.5 million resulting in earnings per diluted share of $0.22 compared to net income from continuing operations of $21.8 million or $0.17 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2007. Adding back non-cash amortization and intangibles and non-cash compensation expense, net of taxes for both periods resulted in adjusted income from continuing operations of $49.3 million or cash earnings per diluted share of $0.26 in the second quarter of 2008. This compares to adjusted income from continuing operations of $23.3 million or cash earnings per diluted share of $0.18 in the second quarter of 2007. A reconciliation of GAAP EPS to cash EPS is provided in the tables attached to our press release issued today. Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $18 million for the quarter. Cash flow from operations less $53 million of capital expenditures net of proceeds from sales resulted in approximately $35 million of negative free cash flow for the quarter. Cash flow was negatively impacted by higher working capital requirements associated with sequential revenue growth between the first and second quarters of 2008 of $116 million and higher CapEx requirements during the first half of 2008. The addition of IFS, specifically the Dark Fiber leasing operations, also impacted cash flow. Of the $53 million in net CapEx this quarter, $31.4 million related to Dark Fiber additions. Adjusted EBITDA was $106.4 million or 11.1% of revenues for the second quarter of 2008, representing an increase about 120% over adjusted EBITDA in 2007 second quarter. The calculation of this non-GAAP measure is detailed in a separate analysis in the Financial News section of our webcast at quantaservices.com. For the first half of 2008, adjusted EBITDA was $182.6 million or 10% of revenues which is 92% higher than the adjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2007. Cash flow from operations for the first half of 2008 totaled $33 million. Subtracting net CapEx of $104 million yields $71 million in negative free cash flow year-to-date. We expect that free cash flow will be positive by a significant amount during the second half of the year, particularly during the fourth quarter as the fourth quarter generally produces lower revenues on a seasonal requiring less working capital. Turning to backlog, three quarters ago we began expanding our disclosure related to backlog by adding a discussion of total backlog to our normal discussion of 12-month backlog. I will take a moment to provide you with the definition of total backlog. Total backlog includes the amount of revenues we expect to derive in the future from signed contracts, for project work and master service agreements. Backlog for project work includes the remaining revenues to be earned under lump sum projects and our estimate of the remaining revenues to be earned under time and equipment of our unit priced contracts. Backlog for master service agreements includes our estimate of future billings, based on our knowledge of our customers' spending patterns, under T&E and unit price arrangements through the end of the initial contracts periods and through the end of any renewal periods provided by the contract for which we reasonably expect the contract to continue. Our total backlog award at June 30, 2008 was approximately $5.290 billion, which is approximately $121 million or 2.3% higher than total backlog at 03/31/08, just three months ago. Our current backlog award to be completed during the next 12 months is approximately $2.394 billion. This compares to $2.385 billion in backlog as of first quarter of 2008 or an increase of $9 million. As Ken mentioned earlier, we have several telecom MSAs that expire at the end of this year. While we fully expect that these MSAs will be renewed, these renewals are not included in our backlog at June 30, of '08 and had negative impact on sequential 12-month backlog growth. We also finished the Northeast Utilities job five months ahead of schedule, while the Allegany project is just now ramping up. Our day sales outstanding which we calculate by using the sum of current account receivable plus cost and earnings and excessive billings plus billings and excessive costs divided by average revenues per days in the second quarter were 81 days at June 30, 2008 versus 82 days at June 30, 2007. At quarter end, we have $304.8 million in cash on our balance sheet. We've approximately $ 174 million in letters of credit outstanding primarily to secure our insurance programs leaving us for approximately $301 million on available borrowing capacity under our credit facility. Concerning our outlook for the future, our third quarter results can vary significantly due to the effects that emergency restoration work may have on the quarter. Our estimate revenues for the third quarter of '08 is from $1 billion to $1.04 billion. This estimate includes approximately $30 million of revenues from emergency restoration services plus the $18 million earned in 3Q '07. Pro forma revenues for the third quarter 2007 were $832.4 million. Therefore our forecast represents approximately 22% in total revenue growth for the third quarter of 2008. Our estimate for 3Q '08 EPS based on revenues of between 1 billion and $1.04 billion is between $0.23 and $0.26 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. This compares to revenues of $655.9 million and diluted earnings share from continued efforts of $0.30 during the third quarter of '07. 3Q '07 EPS of $0.30 was positively impacted by approximately $0.11 related to the release of certain tax contingency. Our GAAP forecast includes an estimate of $12.6 million for non-cash amortization of intangible assets and non-cash compensation expenses. Excluding these expenses, our cash EPS for the third quarter is expected to be $0.27 to $0.31 per diluted share. For additional guidance, we're currently projecting our tax rate for the third quarter to be approximately 41.8%. We expect our diluted share count to be about 202.5 million shares excluding the effect of any acquisitions. We expect CapEx for all of '08 to be approximately 180 to $190 million. In summary, we're very pleased with our performance during the second quarter and first half of 2008. We look forward to continuing to meet our customers' growing needs for infrastructure services. This concludes our formal presentation. And now we'll open the line for Q and A. Mitch [ph]? Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you sir, we will know begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question. Sir, one moment please. Okay, I do apologize. Our first question comes from Tahira Afzal with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Go ahead please.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Congratulations guys on a very good quarter and outlook.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just a couple of questions. It seems in terms of your third quarter guidance, the implied operating margins seem to be well above the 9.5... well closer to the 9.5% range which sort of enters into that 9 to 12% territory that you have always alluded to. And if you look... a year back from now and today, how do you feel about that 9 to 12% range.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: I don't think we have changed our mind at all about the 9 to 12% operating range our core businesses, our electric power and telecom are typically closer in that range. The other... our challenges of course are the gas distribution business and our other businesses... the C&I business and ancillary businesses, getting those to acceptable to where they don't drag our core businesses down.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: So given that we are sort of maybe six months closer versus where we were six months ago, would you say that 9 to 12% range is achievable over the next 12 months, i.e., should we see the continued momentum that's implied in third quarter to continue into '09 in terms of margins?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Yes we do, we think that's probably achievable.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Well that's pretty confident. That's a good thing.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Okay, I will try not to sound too confident.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: No, no, I don't mind at all. In terms of... in terms of the timing and I am sure you've been getting a lot of questions on this, in terms of the timing of the CREZ award and any of the large other awards to the extent that you can comment, is there anything you can add?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: John, you want to take that one?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we are continuing, we've seen an increase in our bidding activity this year and we expect to see activity increase over the next several months due to things just like what you said but that's the CREZ zone and other initiatives around the country. So without saying too much about specifics kind of leave it at that. We are seeing increased activity and pretty robust market starting to develop.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And the 20% organic growth rate, you think that's sustainable as we look past 2008 or should we build in some things that will be more tempered?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: No I would not anticipate 40% growth. I suppose some quarters as we did in the second quarter and we are projecting for the third quarter we will have 20% but I think we will stick with our guidance of double-digit internal growth for the foreseeable future. But 20 is probably stronger than what is going to turn out to be for the entire year for sure.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And one last question in terms of your convertible, any change in your views on how you're going to approach that?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Tahira, this is James. No we haven't changed our views on that. We actually have not made the decision yet... the discussion has not been held with our board and there haven't been any decisions made on a formal basis here.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, well thank you for the commentary and congratulations again.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alex Rygiel with FBR. Go ahead please
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Morning gentleman and nice quarter.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: James, question for you as it relates to storm revenue in the quarter, I had in my note that last year pro forma storm revenue was $58 million not $10 million; am I noting correct or did you change?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: No, I think your notes are correct.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Okay.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Didn't have as much of a storm... we didn't have much storm revenue in the third quarter of last year.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Fair enough. And as it relates to renewables in 2008 I believe you said that you planned on doing about $150 million revenue in renewables. How do you anticipate that number changing in 2009?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well it's difficult to say exactly; it depends on the success we have for projects but it was reasonably successful that should increase significantly from the $150 million level for 2008. There' just a lot of opportunity out there and we expected to be I mean double that or more.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Great thank you.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Go ahead please.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse First Boston: Hi, good morning. Just a follow up on the possible CREZ award; I think you talked about it being up a billing opportunity. Of that what's the addressable market for Quanta and how... and John how do you think that project will be bid out I guess.
John R. Wilson - President and Electric Power and Gas Division: Jamie this is John Wilson. We're probably looking at somewhere of total line mileage [ph] build on the CREZ zone. It's somewhere around 2500 to 3000 miles of line. We believe that the investor owned utilities in the region of where they operate will build and we will bid out their portion of the lines and the general service territory. We also believe that there could be some other participants in that market... some merchant guys when developers building their own private transmission. Out of the $5 billion we've always said that the construction piece of the line, the pieces that we actually do that could be always high as maybe 50% of that number. So it relates to a very large significant piece of business that going to have to be built in and say 2 to 3, 4 years because of all of the renewable rent that it going in West Texas. So as naturally we are pretty exited about what's out there because it's going to have to be built out. We are going to have turbid standing and no place to put your power.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse First Boston: And can you just talk about... I mean... I think if we looked in 2007 year, we said, yes, the renewable efforts were sort of ramping up but you guys see clearly just because the margins on that business wasn't as high as your traditional electric power was below where you guys sort of wanted because of some of the smaller contractors. What are you sort of seeing on the pricing environment on the renewable projects you are bidding on and how should we think about that impacting your 9 to 12% margin target?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me clarify that the portion of the renewables ticker [ph] to the wind; the installation of the wind turbines is the part that has been fairly low margin in the past. The transmission lines, the substations and the gathering lines have been in line with our traditional margins. So what we are seeing is that the margins on the installation of the turbines, in other words the complete project have been rising as there's been more demand for those services. They are not still in line with our expected margins but they are better than they have been in the past. On the solar side, margins there vary depending on the size of project and where they are located. Some of those are within our target margin range and some are not.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse First Boston: All right. And then last can you just give us a feel for how much... you talked about on the margin you are doing... the margins you are increasing because of the increased prizing but also the contribution from the dark fiber business. Can you just give a little color how much was dark fiber versus prizing initiatives. Our dark fiber in the as-reported numbers was somewhat around half of margin increase. On a pro forma basis it made up very little of the margin increase. Those margins in dark fiber increased maybe 100 basis points quarter-over-quarter on a pro forma basis.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse First Boston: Great. Thanks, I will get back in queue.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question come from Sanjay Shrestha with Lazard Capital Markets, go ahead please.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Great, thank you, once again a great quarter on Alfacare guys [ph]. A quick question... John I think you mentioned that you guys are sort of also watching the overall macro lump; I mean economic environment closely because you guys are a late cycle industry and 12 months slowdown doesn't impact you. At the same time you got this massive wave of spending both on the utility and the telecom side coming to you guys. So from the actual capacity and planning standpoint how are you guys sort of managing that and how are you sort of planning for that?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well as you know we've started planning for the... this type of growth several years ago. So we started the increasing the participation in our training programs back then. We had a significant increase in our bowies [ph] from the first quarter to the second quarter and year-over-year as well. So we are building in capacity and what we is going to be necessary going forward.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Right.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Many of these projects as we all know will be delayed. So I think that bodes well for these projects getting done because there's probably not enough capacity of all these projects were to be completed in the timeframe that they are talking about... probably very difficult to do, but we all know that delays are just part of the landscape for these industries and transmission lines are controversial things. So there will be some delay involved in them. We work often that we are going to have the resources we need to meet our customer's demands as they are required.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Got it. So that was kind of where I was trying to go with it because that plays perfectly in your benefit because you guys are the largest player in the industry, so does that then mean the pricing even goes up higher for you guys given this dynamic and, two, then maybe we are at the point where we can even say, the operating margin can even get back to the prior levels where it was higher than 12%.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. The ideal environment is one where we have capacity in the industry as a whole is shorter capacity and that allows us to increase margins. And we do things come... it will come a time where it will be more important to have the timely completion of a project than a few percentage points of margins. So we think that margins will continue to increase as demand continues to increase.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, terrific, that's great. Thank a lot guys.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from John Rogers with D.A. Davison. Go ahead please.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: Hi.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: Good morning. Very nice quarter [ph]. First of all in term of your third quarter guidance and I apologize you said this but what are your assumptions fro emergency revenue in there... emergency work?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We announced that we are going to do about $30 million; that's what in our forecast.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And what was it last year?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: $18 million.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: $18 million?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: $18 million.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: Okay, thank you. And then secondly do you have a good or even a rough sense of what your market share is in terms of capacity for the distribution and the transmission... electrical transmission work?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think the best judge of our market share relates back to our filings last year... the Hart-Scott-Rodino filings where we did extensive study and it showed that we had less than 15% of any market that we participated in.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: John, I just want to clarify that storm number there I just gave you. That $18 million number is a pro forma number.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: Okay.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Report... on an as-reported basis it was 13 million.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: 13, great. And just on the market share, do you think that... I mean is that changing?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think...
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: Have you seen consolidation among some of the private companies or alternately are you growing faster... you think you are adding capacity proportionally faster than your peers?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that we are gaining market share. As you say that we are the largest and we are probably adding resources faster than our competitors and there's a lot of thing that we bring to the market besides just capacity that bodes well for our market share growth as well; things like our energized services and storm response, our reputation for timely completion, quality products. There are a lot of things that we bring to the market besides just add additional capacity.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: And I assume that's especially true on the larger projects.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's true, absolutely.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: And are you seeing more or less competition on those larger projects or any of your competitors that are small ones trying to form JV as to compete for this work or... ?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We expect that they will. We haven't seen anything yet that is much different than what we expected here, what you've seen in the past. I don't know of any new competitors necessarily but we expect there will be some formation of joint ventures and so forth by smaller contractors to try to participate in the larger projects.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: One larger contractor acting as a general as well and trying to do that?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: That happens sometimes usually when margins are higher than they are right now in that market when the margins are approaching 30% then you start seeing some of the E&C contractors trying to enter our business and be it general and subcontractor work out.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: Okay, but you haven't seen anything yet?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Not really, no.
John B. Rogers - D.A. Davidson: Great, thank you.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Beach with Stifel Nicolaus. Go ahead please.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes good morning and again congratulations on a great quarter.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Jeff.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Last quarter you talked about the progress you had made in your gas services in shifting in the higher margin business. Can you talk about where you are today this quarter compared with a year ago, the industry conditions and kind of look out where you think you will be a year from now and that shift to higher margin business?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes sir. I think we've been fairly successful. We are pretty happy with... particularly with the growth on that side of the business margins continue to improve there. We've had really nice performance and we expect that to continue for probably the next several quarters. There comes a point where we'd probably max those out and then probably max out below our electric power and telecommunications margins but they are doing very well and I am very happy and very pleased with where we are out with it.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. And back on the renewable energy at the last quarter you had said you are hopeful you would... you might receive a sizeable award and I think a wind energy project in the North East and I've seen from other companies a foray of awards trying to get a lot of work done by the end of the year. You'd talked last quarter about 150 million, I think, in revenues and you are still talking about that. So are you participating in this foray of activity trying to beat the deadline for the tax credits and... until some decision is made?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we are. I think we stated that there is nearly 30 or over 30... around 30 projects that we're working on related to renewables right now. Many of these projects are big projects but they are not $100 million larger projects which is kind of the threshold for an announcement by us Jeff.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: And again are you seeing a steady... are you seeing an improvement in general in the profit margins across every... seeing in general across the whole slot of opportunities you have, are you seeing margins continuing to go up in the renewable area?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are. They are not going up as fast as we would like to see them obviously, but yes we are seeing margins go up and that's simply supply and demand.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: All right, thank you.
Operator: Okay thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital. Go ahead please.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Can you talk about what the impact of the telecom MSAs were on the backlog number for the quarter. You mentioned that that you didn't include... you expect them to be resigned but you didn't include any amount in backlog, can you just give us some kind of order of magnitude of what the sequential decrease from that was?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have several AT&T, Verizon particularly most noteworthy that those contracts are just coming up on their normal expiration dates at the end of the year and we expect those to be renewed and I would guesstimate the revenues... they vary and we don't... and we put in backlog as we get close to the affected quarter what we expect the revenues to be. And so we... I would guess it to be... have an impact of $75 million to $100 million per quarter.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Per quarter?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: So kind of... okay. Okay, thanks very much, I appreciate it.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And I would like to... follow-up question from Tahira Afzal. Go ahead please.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi gentleman, just one follow-up question. We have been hearing a lot on the electric distribution side in term of lines being cut and then essentially being reconnected and this in... as I think on account of people not paying their bills. I was wondering if you would see any impact from that and does that even impact your businesses such that... just the lines connect and reconnect and doesn't really impact things?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are not seeing too much impact from that. There are two things that impact us... are impacting the distribution business right now. Our housing starts which of course are down and also that the utilities are focusing on their major transmission projects and maybe taking their eye off of their distribution projects at this time.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: So you think the distribution spending allocation might be a little soft in advance and that's being reallocated to some extent?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: I believe that's the case... I think that's what we're seeing.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. And ladies and gentleman that does conclude our question and answer session. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to John Colson for closing remarks.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. I'd like to thank all of you again for your participation in our second quarter conference call. We appreciate you questions and ongoing interest in Quanta. Good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this concludes the Quanta Services second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-07 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Ken Dennard - IR, DRG&E John R. Colson - President and CEO John R. Wilson - President, Electric Power & Natural Gas Operations James H. Haddox - CFO
Analysts: Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Curtis Woodworth - JPMorgan John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for standing by. Welcome to the Quanta Services’ First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today on Wednesday, the 7th of May, 2008. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Ken Dennard with DRG&E. Please go ahead.
Ken Dennard - Investor Relations, DRG&E: Thank you, Michael, and welcome everyone to Quanta Services' conference call to review 2008 first quarter results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping detail to run through. If you’d like to be on the e-mail or fax distribution list to receive future press releases for Quanta or if you had any technical difficulties this morning and did not receive your e-mail or fax, please call our offices at DRG&E, that number is 713-529-6600. Also, if you’d like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will be available via webcast by going to Quanta's website at www.quantaservices.com. In addition, there is a telephonic recorded instant replay that will be available for the next week, and that will be accessed as set forth in the press release with the number 303-590-3000, using the pass code 11113666. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, May 7th, 2008 and therefore you're advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay listening. Also, this conference call will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, projected revenues, earnings per share, tax rates, capital expenditures, and other projections of financial and operating results and information, growth in particular markets, Quanta's strategies and plans, anticipated future projects, expected benefits from the merger with InfraSource Services, and any other statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance or that do not solely relate to historical or current facts. Actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements, and management cautions that you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control. For additional information concerning some of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could affect these forward-looking statements, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2007 and its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission that may be obtained through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. All such forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements. In addition, Quanta does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. With that, I’d like to now turn the call over to Mr. John Colson, Quanta's Chairman and CEO. John?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Quanta Services’ first quarter 2008 conference call. To start the call this morning, I will provide a general overview of the quarter, insight on current market conditions, and our perspective on the future. My comments will be followed by a review of our Electric Power and Natural Gas Operations by John Wilson, President of those operations, and a review of financial results by James Haddox, our Chief Financial Officer. Ken Trawick, President of Quanta's Telecom and Cable Operations, is also present to answer questions. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. The first quarter of 2008 set the stage for another outstanding year for Quanta. The quarter's results include revenue contribution by operations added through the acquisition of InfraSource in August of 2007. Revenues for the quarter were approximately $844.4 million. This compares to $569 million in the first quarter of 2007, which did not include InfraSource. Internal revenue growth was approximately 15% compared to the first quarter of 2007, including InfraSource and excluding emergency restoration revenues from both periods. Quanta's growth is not isolated to revenues however. Margins continued to improve in the first quarter and operating income grew significantly. While there is talk that the recession in the housing market has declined, our first quarter results were not significantly impacted. It’s no accident that our first quarter performance was outstanding and that our outlook for the future is optimistic. We’ve built our company to have a diverse customer base and the flexibility to shift our operations to meet growing needs in the industries we serve. Our optimism about the future of Quanta is primarily attributable to two factors. One, our unique business model, which provides diverse revenue streams and the flexibility to respond to changing customer demand and economic conditions; and two, increased demand for our services and the financial strength of current and potential customers in the industries that we serve. To illustrate this fact, in recent months, utility stocks have outperformed both the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The fact that electricity is an essential commodity enables utilities to consistently generate stable revenues and pay predictable dividends. Roger Conrad, editor of Utility Forecast, last week stated and I quote, "Utilities are in the peak of help [ph] and judging from bullish 2008 guidance aren't feeling the pain of recession. They are looking to get stronger in the coming year.” John Wilson will talk in more detail about our Electric Power and Natural Gas operational performance, including project updates. But before I hand the call over to him, I want to outline some of the high-level industry trends and the current outlook. It comes down to this, the upgrade of the nation's transmission infrastructure needs to happen. Regardless of the economic environment, people continue to require power. Considering the low debt-to-capital ratio of utilities, which is at the lowest point in 30 years, utilities have the ability to finance grid improvements to meet this growing demand. Numbers and estimates of the level of investment required to upgrade the grid do change from time to time, but they are not decreasing. The latest estimates presented last month at an industry forum by The Brattle Group state that growing demand for electric services will require investment on the order of $1.5 trillion between now and 2030. And when you look at the news from various utilities throughout the nation, that's no surprise. Several utilities have announced new transmission initiatives in recent months. Public Service Electric and Gas just announced plans to spend $1.6 billion over the next five years to eight years to upgrade its transmission lines, replace its aging energy delivery system, and maintain the reliability of the power grid. These are familiar words echoed across the industry. FERC, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, continues to provide support for these initiatives as set forth by the Energy Policy Act of 2005. In a March press release, FERC stated that investment levels have nearly doubled in recent years. As it has in the past few quarters, FERC continues to grant incentives to encourage investment in the interstate power grid. Another item that will fuel transmission development and spending is the Department of Energy's denial of the request for rehearing of the Mid-Atlantic and Southwest Area National Interest Electric Transmission Corridors. This action affirms the national corridors and enables transmission line installation along the designated routes to move to the next phase of deployment. The final strength of our customers... or the financial strength of our customers in both power and telecommunications continues to grow. For example, Verizon reported stronger than expected profit growth and attributed that growth to their wireless and high-speed Internet subscriber expansion. Our Telecom and Cable Operations continued to perform strongly in the first quarter of 2008. Our work in outside plant operations to support fiber-to-the-node or fiber-to-the-premise initiatives for service providers continues to be the primary contributor to this growth, combined with strong growth from our wireless division. Initiatives by the RBOCs, as well as rural carriers and municipalities are providing continuing opportunities for us to expand our operations and deliver installation services across the United States. These opportunities are generally not significantly affected by slow housing markets, as this is an effort to build an entirely new network to replace the existing copper-based network to service both new and existing housing units. In the first quarter, the FCC announced the official close of the 700-megahertz auction and released the winners of other spectrum licenses. Winners of the 700-megahertz auction was largely Verizon Wireless and AT&T, two of our largest telecommunications customers. We anticipate that this will contribute to additional network upgrades of wireless systems as broadcasters delegate [ph] spectrum and the carriers deploy new infrastructure to capitalize on the newly allocated spectrum resources. Our dark fiber division continues to deploy fiber assets to support a record year of sales in 2007. We anticipate continued strong demand for our dark fiber services in all of the markets that we serve. We recently strengthened our telecommunications and cable… and cable capabilities in the Southwest region of the U.S. with the acquisition of Arizona-based Pauley Construction Incorporated. Pauley provides design, project management, fiber and cable installation, and repair services to telecommunications customers throughout the region. Its primary service territory includes Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona, California, and Texas. Pauley is a strong addition to our exciting operations that will help us meet the growing need for services in the region. We are very proud to welcome Pauley into the Quanta family of companies. As I stated at the beginning of the call, we believe that the diversity of our business is a key strength moving forward. Our largest customer for the quarter made up only 4.7% of our revenues, our top-10 customers for the quarter equaled 30% of our total revenues, and our top-20 customers made up approximately 43% of revenues. The increased clarity of our revenue breakdown represents revenues by type of work. When divided by type of work, our 2008 first quarter revenues were approximately 58% from electric power services, 16% from natural gas services including pipeline integrity, 17% of revenues were from telecommunications and cable services, 7.4% from ancillary services such as horizontal directional drilling and commercial and industrial wiring, and 1.6% from dark fiber leasing services. At the end of the first quarter, our employee count was 15,909. This compares to 15,261 at the end of the fourth quarter. As our utility customers face a challenging mixture of reliability and renewable standards, tax incentives and citing issues, access to an experienced, safe and reliable workforce is critical to meeting regulatory and consumer expectations. Our telecom customers are also faced with increasing demand for services and system reliability. This combined with an increasing new competitive industry dynamic means they need their networks built quickly, efficiently, and safely. We believe Quanta is the contractor of choice in these circumstances. The year is off to a good start and our backlog reflects that we will continue to deliver value to all of our stakeholders, our customers, our shareholders, and our employees. Now, I’ll turn the call over to John Wilson, who will discuss the recent developments in our Electric Power and Natural Gas Operations. John?
John R. Wilson - President, Electric Power & Natural Gas Operations: Thank you, John, and good morning everyone. As John mentioned, we are very aware of the current economic climate and remain more optimistic about the future for Quanta. The diversity of operations and strong relationships with the broad customer base resulted in solid first quarter performance. Our revenue diversity and customers’ financial strength combined with an ongoing focus on rebuilding the nation’s transmission grid continued momentum behind the Energy Policy Act of 2005, and new growth in renewable power generation provide a strong basis for our optimism. These trends are reflected in our growing backlog. 12-month backlog for the Electric Power and Natural Gas Operations at March 31st, '08 was approximately $1.85 billion. Total backlog for the Electric Power and Natural Gas Operations at March 31st, '08 was approximately $4.11 billion compared to $3.75 billion at the close of 2007. James will discuss comparative backlog in more detail shortly. Our emergency restoration work was not a significant contributor to our financial performance in the first quarter. We did continue to support various utilities to restore power to their service territories. We deployed crews following ice storms in the Midwest and in response to communities impacted by tornadoes in the South. Total revenues from emergency restoration work in the first quarter of 2008 were $35 million less than in the first quarter of 2007. To update you on specific projects and new contracts, in the first quarter, we announced a contract with Lower Colorado River Authority, LCRA, at an estimated value up to $194 million. Initial phase of this project is already underway. Over the five-year contract, we will provide new construction rigs and repair, maintenance services, including right-of-way preparation, environmental controls, structural foundation, structure installation, conductor stringing and energizing of the new transmission lines, as well as the reconstruction of existing transmission lines. This is just one more example of our ability to support utilities as a focus on expanding transmission infrastructure. This contract builds on an existing relationship with LCRA. We have preformed various infrastructure services on the LCRA system over the past three years, including a variety of transmission projects throughout Central Texas in 2006. Our Middletown-to-Norwalk 345,000-volt transmission job, which is part of a 2006 contract with Northeast Utilities, remains ahead of schedule. Foundations are complete, steel structures are 90% complete, and conductor stringing is more than 80% complete. We anticipate that this job will be completed in the third quarter of this year. The pre-planning stages of the $750 million contract with NU continue to move forward. We expect to begin smaller transmission make-ready projects to prepare end use transmission grid for construction in the fourth quarter of this year. Full construction of this transmission line is on track to begin in the fall of 2009. The work under the contract is now reflected in our total backlog numbers, which remain at historically high levels. We are also poised to start work on Allegheny Energy's 210-mile, 500,000-volt Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line known as the TrAIL project in late 2008. Allegheny is currently working to secure appropriate approvals from the state public utility commission. Shifting now to our ongoing focus on developing renewable power sources, Quanta brings a decade of experience in the construction of wind-generation facilities, including but not limited to foundations, turbine assembly, and construction of the collection systems, substation, and transmission infrastructure. We are leveraging these proven capabilities to help utilities meet new renewable portfolio standards and to support the short timelines and broad service scope sought by developers and utilities. One of the most publicized renewable projects is the Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project. In the first quarter, construction began of what is currently the nation's largest wind transmission project. Under our contract, Quanta will install 75-miles, a 500,000-volt transmission line, which will be part of a $1.8 billion program to provide the high-voltage transmission infrastructure necessary to interconnect and deliver the renewable wind sources being developed in the Tehachapi wind resource area to California electric customers. The new lines are expected being operational in 2010. Our renewable portfolio of work continues to grow. We have secured key contracts for the construction of wind farms, as well as for related infrastructure. And all contracts from renewable services approaching... are approaching $140 million. Excluding one contract in the Northern U.S., which I will discuss shortly, all of this work is reflected in our backlog. In Minnesota, we’ll be contributing to the construction of the Elm Creek Wind Farm through a contract with Iberdrola Renovables. Construction will begin in the next few weeks and is scheduled for completion by the end of the year. The wind farm consists of 66 turbines. Multiple Quanta operating units will perform the collector substation and underground collection system and overhead collector system consisting of approximately 8.5 miles of double-circuit construction. We will be performing similar work in Oregon for Iberdrola under a separate contract. Construction of the Pebble Springs Wind Farm, near Arlington, Oregon is expected to begin this month and be completed in six months. The wind farm there includes 46 turbines. We have also completed negotiations and are awaiting a final signed contract for the construction of 60 miles of 230 kV transmission line to deliver power from a wind farm in the northern part of the U.S. As indicated earlier, this contract is not currently in backlog, however we will update you on this project as it gets underway in the second quarter. We continue to leverage our expanded technical consulting expertise through our Quanta technology organization. The high-level technical consulting services provided through this group are regarded as best in class by the industry. Additionally, the synergies between this group and our construction-focused operations bring added value to our customers by optimizing and streamlining the transition between research and data analysis, engineering, and construction. Our gas fields are growing, particularly in North Texas where we are providing extensive top-line installation work to build the systems required to transport natural gas from the Barnett Shale. The majority of this work was originally under two contracts totaling more than $90 million for two utilities in North Texas. However, we continue to expand the scope of work being performed under the existing contracts and we are securing additional projects within these customers. You can see why our outlook for the future remains strong. We expect to continue to grow our revenues within our existing core expertise while maximizing margins. In tandem, we will evaluate and aggressively pursue opportunities that further diversify our service offerings through the application of our existing knowledge base. We believe this approach will continue to be the formula for success for Quanta. Now, I'll turn the call over to James Haddox, who will review our financial results for the first quarter. James?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning everyone. Today, we announced record first quarter revenues of $844.4 million compared to $569 million in the prior year's first quarter, resulting in an increase of $275.4 million or 48%. Pro forma for the acquisition of InfraSource, revenues in the first quarter of 2007 would have been $772.8 million. This year's first quarter revenues included emergency restoration revenues of approximately $22 million compared to approximately $58 million being earned in pro forma revenues in 1Q '07. Excluding emergency restoration revenues from both periods, pro forma revenue growth would have been about 15% in the first quarter. When I refer to pro forma information throughout my discussion, I'm referring to data prepared on a combined company basis taking into account the acquisition of InfraSource, as if it occurred on January 1st of 2007. The as-reported results of operations covered in my discussion include the results of InfraSource for the first quarter of 2008 and are compared to Quanta's pre-merger historical results for the first quarter of 2007. I want to remind you that we've changed our methodology for compiling revenue by industry. During the first half of 2007, we discussed revenues by type of customer. However, we now discuss revenue by type of work performed, for example, in the past when we performed telecom work for utility, the associated revenues would have been classified as utility work. Under our current methodology, these revenues will be classified as telecom work. Keep in mind, many times we may be performing all types of work on one job at the same time, which requires us to estimate revenues and costs by type of work. However, we believe that the information about type of work is directionally accurate. On an as-reported basis, revenues from electric power work during the first quarter of '08 increased by approximately $150 million or about 45% over the first quarter of '07. On a pro forma basis, excluding storm work... storm restoration work from both first quarter periods, electric power work increased by about $50 million or 12% quarter-over-quarter. Gas work increased approximately $58 million or 75% on an as-reported basis and about $25 million or about 22% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. Telecom and cable work, excluding dark fiber leasing, increased approximately $74 million or 107% on an as-reported basis and about $58 million or 68% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. Ancillary work decreased about $21 million or 25% on an as-reported basis and decreased about $29 million or 31% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. We generated gross margins of 14.7% for this quarter compared to 13.6% during last year's first quarter, a 110-basis point gain. That was primarily due to improved pricing, the contribution of higher-margin dark fiber work, and better fixed cost absorption as a result of higher revenues. On a pro forma basis, last year's first quarter gross margin was 13.8%. The increase in gross margins on both in as-reported and pro forma basis occurred despite having over $30 million less emergency restoration service work in the first quarter '08 as compared to '07, work which typically carries higher margins. On an as-reported basis, G&A expenses were $70.7 million in the first quarter of '08 and were down approximately $14 million compared to the fourth quarter of '07. G&A expenses were $49 million in the first quarter of '07 on an as-reported basis. The increase over 1Q '07 was due primarily to the acquisition of InfraSource, higher salaries and benefits associated with increased personnel, salary increases, and increased performance bonuses. G&A expenses were down to 8.4% of revenues in 1Q '08 compared to 8.6% in 1Q '07 and compared 9.6% in 4Q '07. D&A [ph] decreased $7.9 million when compared to pro forma G&A for the first quarter of last year of $78.6 million. Operating income before amortization or EBITA for the first quarter of 2008 was $53.2 million on an as-reported basis or 6.3% of revenues compared to $28.6 million or 5.0% for the first quarter of 2007, for an improvement of 130 basis points. Our first quarter margins are typically the lowest of the year due to seasonal weather conditions. The calculation of EBITA is set forth in the Financial News section of our website at www.quantaservices.com. We believe that EBITA has become a more important metric, as the amortization expense associated with the InfraSource acquisition has become a more material component of our income statement. Amortization of intangible assets increased from $772,000 in 1Q '07 to $10.6 million in 1Q '08 due to the increase in intangibles resulting from the acquisition of InfraSource and two other small acquisitions. Turning to taxes, during the first quarter of 2007, we recorded income tax benefits of approximately $15.3 million primarily due to the settlement of a multi-year IRS audit, which resulted in the reversal of tax contingency reserves that were no longer required. Excluding these benefits, our effective tax rate would have been 14.7% in both the first quarter of '07 and the first quarter of '08... 41.7%, I am sorry. Net income for the... that's 41.7% tax rate. Net income for the quarter was $24.3 million or $0.14 per diluted share. This compared to adjusted income from continuing operations of $15.5 million or $0.12 per diluted share in the first quarter of '07, which is adjusted to exclude the reversal of the $15.3 million in tax contingency reserves. Adding back non-cash intangibles amortization and non-cash compensation expense for both periods resulted in adjusted net income of $33 million or adjusted cash earnings per diluted share of $0.18 for the first quarter of 2008. This compares to adjusted income from continuing operations of $17.1 million or cash earnings per diluted share of $0.14 in the first quarter of 2007, which again is adjusted to exclude the reversal of $15 million in tax contingency. A reconciliation of GAAP to cash EPS is provided in the tables attached to our press release that we issued today. Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $15.2 million for the quarter. Cash flow from operations less $51 million of capital expenditures net of proceeds from sales resulted in approximately $35.8 million in negative free cash flow for the quarter. Cash flow for the first quarter was negatively impacted by higher working capital requirements associated with invoice processing issues by certain customers as a result of the rapid ramp up of FTTx and wireless installations over the past six months, coupled with higher working capital requirements, as revenues in the last month in the first quarter were higher than the last month of the fourth quarter. The specific telecommunications work being performed has significant billing requirements and have been subject to lengthy delays as our invoices work their way through the customers’ payment system. With the addition of IFS and specifically the dark fiber leasing operations, capital expenditures have increased. Of the $51 million in net CapEx this quarter, $20 million was related to dark fiber additions. Adjusted EBITDA was approximately $76.1 million or 9% of revenues for the first quarter of 2008, representing an increase of 78% or 150 basis points over the first quarter of 2007 on an as-reported basis. The calculation of this non-GAAP measure can be found in the Financial News section of our website at www.quantaservices.com. Turning to backlog, two quarters ago we began expanding our disclosure related to backlog by adding a discussion of total backlog to our normal discussion of 12-month backlog. I will take a moment to provide you with the definition of total backlog. Total backlog includes the amount of revenues we expect to derive in the future from signed contracts for project work and master service agreements. Backlog for project work includes the remaining revenues to be earned and their lump sum projects and our estimate of the remaining revenues to be earned in the time and equipment for unit price contracts. Backlog from master service agreements includes our estimate of future billings based on our knowledge of our customers’ spending patterns under T&E and unit price arrangements through the end of the initial contracts periods and through the end of any renewal periods provided by the contract for which we reasonably expect the contract to continue. Our total backlog of work at March 31st, 2008 was approximately $5.168 billion, which is approximately $496 million or 10.6% higher than total backlog at 12/31/ ‘07, just three months ago. Our 12-month backlog currently stands at $2.385 billion. This compares to 12-month backlog of $2.355 billion as of 12/31/’07, an increase of $30.5 million with $2.5 million of the increase being attributed to electric and gas work, $11.6 million being attributed to telecom work, primarily FTTx, and $10.2 million attributable to ancillary work, primarily from a fuel systems job in San Jose, California, and $6.2 million being attributed to dark fiber leasing. We remind you that our traditional bidding season is just getting underway and we expect to continue to see increases in 12-month backlog at the end of the second quarter. Our days sales outstanding, which we calculate by using a sum of current accounts receivable plus cost and earnings in excess of billings, less billings in excess of costs, divided by average revenues per day during the first quarter, were 83 days at March 31st, 2008 versus 76 days at March 31st, ‘07 and December 31st, ‘07. At quarter-end, we had about $372 million in cash on our balance sheet and $301 million available under our $475 million credit facility. We had $174 million in letters of credit outstanding primarily to secure our insurance program. Concerning our outlook for the future, we estimate our revenues for the second quarter of ‘08 to be from $880 million to $910 million. Pro forma revenues for the second quarter of ‘07 were approximately $792 million. Using the midpoint of our 2Q ‘08 range, this represents projected internal growth of about 13% on a pro forma basis. Our estimate for 2Q ‘08 EPS is from $0.17 to $0.19 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. Our GAAP forecast includes an estimate of $13.6 million for non-cash amortization of intangible assets and non-cash compensation expenses. Excluding these expenses, our cash EPS for the quarter is expected to be $0.22 per diluted share to $0.24 per diluted share, which compares to cash EPS of $0.18 per diluted share for 2Q ‘07. For additional guidance, we are projecting our tax rate of approximately 41.7% for the remaining quarters of 2008. We expect our diluted share count to be about 201 million shares during each remaining quarter of the year, excluding the effect of any acquisitions. We continue to expect CapEx for all of '08 to be approximately $195 million. In summary, we believe our strong results in the first quarter combined with our growing backlog and diverse revenue base provides a foundation for another… for an outstanding future for Quanta. This concludes our formal presentation and we’ll now open the line for Q&A. Michael, we are ready for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will begin the question-and-answer session at this time. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from the line of Tahira Afzal. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, this is Tahira from KeyBanc. Guys, many congratulations on a super quarter.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: If I look at your 15% organic growth rate contributions for first quarter, definitely better than I thought, is this something that you see as sustainable as you progress through the year? And what do you think could be the risks to this particular growth rate, if there are any?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We anticipate and as projected double-digit internal growth for the foreseeable future for the company. I think that the only things that we could see that possibly can [inaudible] be a long deep recession that could affect some of our customers’ spending. Typically, our customers are not affected by shallow or short-term recessions to any extent, but I think a long-term deep recession might affect that growth to some degree.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And it's interesting you mentioned The Brattle Group presentation, because I attended that at the Edison Electric Institute. And from all the senior utility representatives there versus the state regulators, the only thing that this seemed to agree on was that the transmission spending mandate was pretty clear and the spending was there. I did feel that the utilities were incrementally more aggressive in terms of pushing these projects through and I just wanted to gauge what you are seeing from your clients?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are seeing the same thing... that thanks for the support. That's helpful to have a second party confirm what we’ve been seeing, but yes we are seeing our utility customers being aggressive towards their transmission build out. We don't want to get into a position where we are a hyponym and responding to every headline that our customers are producing, but certainly the momentum is there on the utility side and continues to be there, because… partially because their balance sheets are very strong right now and they have incentives from the Energy Policy Act as well.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, well thank you very much. I'll get back in the queue with additional questions. Thank you.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alex Rygiel. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Thank you, FBR. Good morning gentlemen.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Couple of quick questions. First, James or John or John, approximately what was your annual revenue from the wind and solar customers in 2007 and about what do you think it could be in 2008?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: We really don't have the statistic for 2007, but it was fairly minimal. I am guessing less that $50 million for the whole year, is that your guess too James, I’ll let…?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: [inaudible].
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: It could be double of what Wilson talked about for 2008 depending on how successful we are in some of these projects that we are bidding. We are seeing… some pressure is on pricing, as contractors are coming from other sectors into the wind business. But we’ve been fairly successful and I expect to have some success in the quarter, it could be double what Wilson was talking about, which would be nearly $300 million.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: And then as it relates to your gas business in the Barnett Shale, you also go through same sort of analysis '07 versus '08?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don’t what James is looking at, he has got that information. I don't know if we have it, particularly for '07 because it wasn't particularly as strong in '07 or a consequence in '07. But certainly in '08, we are doing a lot more work up there and that's intentional. I mean we've been focusing on doing more work in the oilfields and gas fields, as that’s a faster growing market and a better margin business than the traditional gas distribution business.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: And one last question, as it relates...
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: James had not come up with that number. So, we'll... again it was probably not a consequence in '07.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: One last question as it relates to the TrAIL project, is that in either one of the backlog figures at this time?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's in the full backlog, the multi-year backlog, yes.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Not much in the 12-month backlog though.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, but the infinity backlog.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: It's in the infinity total backlog, but not much is in the 12-month backlog.
Alex Rygiel - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sanjay Shrestha. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Lazard Capital Markets. Again, congratulations guys both on the quarter and the outlook here. Just a quick question, John, I think you mentioned it in passing a little bit that you guys don't get impacted unless it’s a prolonged slowdown more than a quarter or two. So, can you talk about it a little bit as to, let's say, it ends up becoming that type of a slowdown. So, is it fair to say that you guys just weather that storm and you would not see any impact at all to the growth rate that you guys are seeing right now? And can you tell us a little bit of a historical data point as it relates to what you've seen in the business that you guys are in as to some of the past slowdowns and the impacts of it?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. I guess this my 37th, going on my 38th year in the business and I've seen two major slowdowns in the utility business. One obviously was in 2001, when the telecommunications market collapsed as... and the energy trading business collapsed with Enron, those sorts of things.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Sure.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: The utilities had made major investments in the telecommunications business and we were separate when the telecommunications market collapsed. The other major downturn was back in the late ‘70s-early ‘80s when the interest rates were 17% and 18%, and it's the first fuel crisis we had, the Iran contour crisis, and we had shortage of fuel. Those two are the only downturns in my 38-year career. For instance, in 1990, so-called recession, we balanced right through that, didn't see it. And that's because I mean... what we said before about our utility customers, they are supplying electricity even in a downturn and many of their projects are long-term projects that have momentum. And so they are not affected by short-term downturns in the economy.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Got it. Got it, terrific. And one another quick follow-up on that then, so with the inflation in the… continued I should say rather than inflation in the energy prices and the commodity inflation. If you… when you look at your backlog right now, I know lot of that is a pass through for you guys and shouldn't impact you, but when you look at your backlog right now and the profitability in that backlog, is this continued commodity and the energy inflation starting to kind of eat up on what could have been your profit opportunity or your profit opportunity continues to improve as the backlog continues to grow and we get the double benefit, both the top line growth, as well as the margin growth and that's what should really help you significantly and simulate the earnings growth. Can you guys talk about that a little bit?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Commodity prices really don't affect us, because our utility customers and our telecom customers generally furnish the materials. Materials make up less than 10% of our revenues, so it's very small impact from commodities. And the pricing in our backlog continues to grow and that's because of primarily increased demand. So, our pricing in backlog continues to be accretive to our existing margins.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: All right. One last question, I said one last, I lied, but one more up on the wind energy side. So, it's not just a transmission benefit you guys are seeing, you are also getting into the wind farm business. While it's not that big of a portion of your revenue right now, but would it be fair to characterize you guys as like one of the top-three contractors serving that market, so you are in a driving seat to really benefit as that market continues to grow?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I wouldn't say we are in the top-three. We are probably… if you count the transmission lines that serve the wind-generating facilities, we're probably in the top-three to five. But if you take out the transmission lines, which we think is more traditional electrical revenues, we may be in the top ten.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, okay. That's great, once again congratulations guys.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jamie Cook. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Credit Suisse and congratulations.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: I guess my first question back on… to ask Sanjay’s question a little bit differently, are you seeing any of your customers delay spending because they have to… because of rising material or labor cost because they have to absorb that?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we are really not seeing too much delay because of material cost, most of the commodity pricing has been built into their budgets going forward. I think that there was probably some delays in 2006-2007, as they didn't have enough money in their budgets to survive the materials, but I think most of them recognize that commodity prices are up, material prices are up, and they’ve built that into their budgets. So, I don't know of any and John you can speak up if you know of any, but I don't know of any of the spend delays specifically because of...
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Poor labor?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Price material.
John R. Wilson - President, Electric Power & Natural Gas Operations: At the present time, many of our projects we have ongoing we haven't seen any material delays to us at all.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I guess just my second question, you guys on your… I didn't hear in your prepared remarks, in your last quarter you talked about two projects that you could potentially win. Is one of them the wind farm that you talked about in the Northwest in Oregon that you would get in the second quarter?
John R. Wilson - President, Electric Power & Natural Gas Operations: No, that was not the projects at all. There was one project, transmission project back on the East Coast and we have been notified that we were not successful. The other one is in the western part of the United States that we're still waiting to hear on that one.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Do we have an update on timing on that or potential for other more larger projects in 2008?
John R. Wilson - President, Electric Power & Natural Gas Operations: The timing on the one in the West is what you are asking?
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Well, yeah, and potential for other projects getting landed in '08 of more material size.
John R. Wilson - President, Electric Power & Natural Gas Operations: Well, the one on the West, we really don't have any information, we are kind of sitting back and waiting on the customer to decide. The other large project that we mentioned in the last quarter call was LCRA, that project if you remember is approaching $200 million, I think 190 something million dollars and that project is getting underway now. I think we’ve probably been going at it for a couple of months now. So, revenues on that particular job will increase. Other large projects, right now we haven't seen… everything that we know of right now is on track. Matter of fact there has been a couple that we think not be under, where they are going to expedite them.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then James, just my last question, your gross margin expansion in the first quarter was pretty impressive. Was there anything unusual on that number and as we look at the rest of the year, is that sort of a sustainable gross margin expansion number? Could we see that or could we see it accelerate from the first quarter level when I look at the delta?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: I think… I don’t know that you’ll see the improvement accelerate on a year-over-year basis, Jamie, but margins should go up during the rest of the year, as the weather gets better. I don't think you will see... I mean we are not projecting that you are going to see that much improvement on a year-over-year basis.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Was there anything unusual in the first quarter there?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Well, it depends on which number you are talking about, because on an actual basis, on an as-reported basis dark fiber was not in last year and it was in this year.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: And even on a pro forma basis you saw about the same increase, which would include the dark fiber margins from last year. Other than dark fiber coming into the actual as-reported numbers, there was nothing really unusual.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. And still on track to hit your target margins in the fourth quarter? I thought you said that last quarter.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We said that our core business would be within that 9% to 12% operating income range this year. We are on track for that.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Already. Thanks. Congratulations.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jeff Beach. Please state your company name followed by your question. Just one moment, please.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Stifel Nicolaus. Again congratulations also on a great quarter.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Couple of questions. First, in the last six months you’ve won a couple of large what I call bundle transmission awards and you had indicated on the last conference call before this announcement of the Lower Colorado that you saw utilities looking at this. Are you negotiating or just in discussions with utilities that are looking at bundling up multiple years of work and associated with this on the contracts you’ve already won, there are multiple years. How are you protecting or building in the potential for higher margin, so how you are pricing those contracts?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: First of all, yes, there are other utilities that are looking at the same thing and of course we are doing our best to convince them that their future success in building those projects is dependent upon Quanta Services and our resources, our abilities, our [inaudible], our equipment, our proprietary tools, so forth and… how are we protecting those margins? We are building in these contracts openers for various types of cost increase, labor increases, fuel adjustment clauses and those kinds of things and/or there on a cost-plus basis of some nature?
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: All right. And then, can you give us relative size of this Pauley acquisition that you made?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think their revenues are going to be projected about $60 million this year.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Last thing, can you give us an update as to how you see this large amount of wind projects and I think there is some base load power coming in, in Texas and whether there might be some awards occurring this year, can you just discuss those opportunities?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are expecting some awards this year related to the West Texas wind farms. There’s a number of things going on here in Texas, but if we don't get them awarded fairly soon, they are going to have wind farms with no place to send the energy. So, I expect something to happen this year in regard to the awards on those projects.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Curtis Woodworth. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Curtis Woodworth - JPMorgan: Yes, good morning, JPMorgan.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Curtis Woodworth – JPMorgan: John, coming back to kind of the bidding outlook for transmission, last year I think there was kind of like six major projects that went up for bid over call it $100 million and I think you won at least four of those. Is there a sense that this year you could see a similar type of activity or is it kind of too early to talk as we are just entering the bidding season?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think we’ll see more than we saw last year. That is… consistent with what we’ve said previously is that we think 2008, we’ll see more projects bid of that magnitude then we did in 2007. I don't know if we can maintain our hit rate or not, but we were fairly successful in 2007, but there is no reason to think that there won't be more projects in 2008.
Curtis Woodworth - JPMorgan: And given the success rate in '07 and the backlog you have today in transmission, assuming the visibility is pretty high, I mean do you… looking at your mix and what you have coming on, do you feel like the transmission part of your utility business could grow close to 15% to 20% this year?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we expect... we still have actually a lot of capacity, we can grow our transmission business significantly. So, it can grow dependent on the margins and depending on the success rate we have with some of these projects, but certainly we expect it to grow double digits.
Curtis Woodworth - JPMorgan: Yes. And how do you kind of look at your capacity? How much, I guess, capacity do you have going forward?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a difficult measure because we are typically because our workforce is an hourly workforce and they don't get paid unless they are working. We are always at 100% capacity on labor, but we have significant labor resources that we are not paying today that we have available to increase our capacity. So, I don't want to say our capacity is unlimited, but certainly we are not anywhere near our capacity in transmission at this point of time.
Curtis Woodworth - JPMorgan: Great. In terms of… obviously the components in the core business margins is very high, if you look at InfraSource and some of those assets are redeployed into maybe higher-margin projects. Their mix rate is pretty high on transmission substation, would it make sense that when that business becomes more fully utilized that the margin profile theoretically could be greater than your core mix of business? Will that not be true?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know that. The InfraSource margins were slightly less than our margins when we acquired them and of course we consider that as synergy in order to not only improve our margins, but to get their margins to our level and improve their margins as well. And we've done, knock on wood, we’ve done well with that part and we expect to see that continue, but whether [ph]… and it’s going to be harder to measure because we are really one company now and we operate as one company in many areas. There’s a lot of synergistic things going between companies, so it’s hard to just measure one thing, but I think that the margins of both companies will be nearly the same if we could measure them.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, it’s coming up to the end of the analyst of this call. Our last question will be from the line of John Rogers. Please state your company name followed by your question.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: D.A. Davidson. Thanks. John, you mentioned I think in your comments that you are seeing more competition coming into the market and I am just curious, is it larger companies chasing it or is it smaller companies trying to move up and go after some of this work?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: I was talking about the wind farm business only.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. The question that I had was about what kind of competition we were seeing in wind farms and there’s a lot of competition in wind farms, but there is a lot of wind farms out there. And so it’s companies that are coming from the commercial building industry into the wind farm business, I think they can make that transition fairly well because in general those guys are project managers, they don't do the work themselves, they set that work out. And so even when they get the project, it’s likely that we’ll be subcontractor on portions of the work, but we are becoming more of the general contractor on these wind farms, building the entire farm ourselves with our in-house capabilities.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And on the transmission and distribution side of business, not a significant change there, but the bigger market still growing, presumably pricing still being pushed up.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right, we are seeing increased spending by our customers in telecom and electric power and we haven't seen any new additions to that market.
John Rogers - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Great, thank you. Mr. Colson, please continue with any closing remarks.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Certainly. We certainly appreciate and want to thank you again for your participation in our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta. Good-bye for now.
Operator: All right, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Quanta Services' first quarter earnings conference call. The conference will be available for replay after 11:30 Eastern Time today through May 14th at midnight Eastern Time. You may access the replay at any time by dialing 303-590-3000, enter the access code 11113666. That number again, 303-590-3000, input the access code 11113666. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a pleasant rest of your day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kip Rupp - DRG&E IR John R. Colson - President and CEO John R. Wilson - President of Electric Power and Gas Division Kenneth W. Trawick - President of Telecommunications and Cable Television Division James H. Haddox - CFO
Analysts: Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus Alex Rygiel - FBR
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Quanta Services Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded today, Thursday, February 21, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kip Rupp. Please go ahead sir.
Kip Rupp - DRG&E Investor Relations: Great, thank you Patty and welcome everyone to Quanta Services conference call, to review 2007 fourth quarter and full year results. Before I turn the call over to management, I have the normal housekeeping details to run through. If you'd like to be on the e-mail or fax distribution list to receive future press releases from Quanta, or if you had any additional technical difficulty this morning and did not receive your e-mail or fax, please call our of offices at DRG&E at 713-529-6600. Also if you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, it will available via webcast by going to Quanta's website, at www.quantaservices.com. In addition, there is a telephonic recorded instant replay that will be available for the next seven days, 24 hours a day, that can be accessed as set forth in the press release, by dialing 303-590-3000 and using the pass code 11108953. Please remember that information reported on this call speaks only as of today, February 21, 2008 and therefore you are advised that any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate as of the time of any replay of this call. Also this conference will include forward-looking statements intended to qualify under the Safe Harbor from liability, established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, projected revenues, earnings per share, tax rates, capital expenditures and other projections of financial and operating results and information, growth in particular markets, Quanta's strategies and plans, anticipated future projects, expect benefits from the merger with InfraSource Services and any other statements reflecting Quanta's expectations, intentions, assumptions or beliefs about future events or performance, or that did not solely rely or relate to historical or current facts. Actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward-looking statements and management continue... cautions, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Quanta's control. For additional information concerning some of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect these forward-looking statements, please refer to Quanta's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2007, June 30, 2007 and September 30, 2007, and if other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which maybe obtained through the SEC's website at www.SEC.gov. All such forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements. In addition, Quanta do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after this call. With that, I would to now turn the call over to Mr. John Colson, Quanta's Chairman and CEO. John?
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning everyone and welcome to Quanta Services fourth quarter and year end 2007 conference call. To start the call this morning, I will provide a general overview of the period, insight on current market conditions and our perspective on the future. My comments will be followed by a review of our electric power and natural gas operations by John Wilson, and review of our telecommunications and cable operations by Ken Trawick. Then James Haddox, our Chief Financial Officer will review the quarter and year-end financial results. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. Quanta continued its strong financial and operational performance in the final months of 2007. This year's results include four months of revenue contribution by InfraSource operations. While this contribution is noteworthy, it is equally important to note that we achieved organic revenue growth for the year of 9.4% from the legacy Quanta operations compared to 2006. Total as reported revenue growth for the quarter, including InfraSource in 4Q '07 increased to 50.2%. Revenues for the quarter were approximately $879 million. This compares to $585.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Revenues for 2007 were $2.66 billion compared with $2.1 billion for 2006. During this period of growth, we also accomplished operating income margin enhancements year-over-year. Improving margins has been a priority for Quanta and is reflective of our efforts and success in managing contracts, increasing efficiencies and streamlining our operations. Backlog at year end remained at record levels with approximately 4.7 billion of total backlog and approximately $2.6 billion of backlog for the next 12 months. This strong backlog improves our visibility and reinforces our belief that 2008 will be another strong year for Quanta. Our services are in high demand, as infrastructure spending continues and it continues to be a priority in the markets that we serve. To increase the clarity of revenue break-up, last quarter we started presenting revenues by type of work. When divided by type of work, our 2007 fourth quarter pro forma revenues were approximately 56% from electric power services, 15% from natural gas services including pipeline integrity, 20% of pro forma revenues were from telecommunications and cable services as well as dark fiber leasing and approximately 9% from ancillary services, such as horizontal directional drilling and commercial and industrial wiring. One factor that we believe differentiates us from our competition is our customer diversity. Our largest customer for the quarter made up only 4.6% of our revenues. Our top 10 customers for the quarter equaled 29.4% of our total revenues and our top 20 customers made up approximately 42.5% of revenues. At the end of the fourth quarter, our employee count was 15,261. This compares to 15,672 at the end of the third quarter and up from 12,020 at the end of 2006. Obviously, at this time last year, we had not completed the acquisition of InfraSource. The decrease in employee count for the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter is typical for the last few weeks of the year, the holiday season and winter weather. Our business continues to be positively impacted by the InfraSource acquisition. The acquisition was timely and as John and Ken will discuss shortly, our customers are directly benefiting from the increased capabilities of our nationwide footprint and the readily accessible workforce. The integration phase of the acquisition continues to be on-track and the synergies, as expected, are being recognized. As our utility customers face a challenging mixture of reliability and renewable standards, tax incentives and citing issues, access to an experienced, safe and reliable workforce is critical to meeting regulatory and consumer expectations. Our telecom customers also faced with increasing demand for services and system [ph] reliability. This combine with an increasing competitive industry dynamic, means they need their networks built quickly, efficiently and safely. Quanta is the contractor of choice in these circumstances. Recently we have had investor enquires about a downturn in markets we serve because of the slowing economy. I want to emphasize that we continue to expect a very bright future for Quanta, both near term and far term. The nature of Quanta's specialized contracting services and customer diversity by design minimizes the impact of short-term general market uncertainty, our downward trends in other areas of constructions. Most of our customers remain financially sound and focused on expanding the existing and building new infrastructure to meet increasing demand. People need power and utilities main their focus on producing and delivering reliable power from a variety of sources to their service territories. Historically, our customers have continued to spend through short-term economic softness or weak recessions. Obviously a long term or deep recession would likely have some impact on our customers spending. However, utilities are also still outsourcing more of their work and these trends should continue as their aging workforce issues linger. In this situation, lower spending may not automatically mean less revenue for Quanta. And our view, Quanta remains the partner of choice for utilities who need a broad infrastructure expertise, incentive equipment and workforce resources. Also as new technologies emerge for communications in digital services, such as voice, video and data, continue to converge, telecommunications and cable service providers work quickly to deploy fast next-generation fiber networks. Quanta is recognized by the carriers as a key partner in deploying these services. Looking to the future, Quanta is in a strong position to build the infrastructure required by the growing demand for renewable power sources such as wind and solar. In 2007, five states initiated renewable portfolio standard programs. Three states proposed such programs. Two states initiated voluntary programs and seven states expanded existing programs. It is very likely that a federal standard will be a serious consideration, once the next administration is in place. Some sources predict that the U.S wind market will exceed 50 gigawatts of capacity by 2015, and it will require between the 184 and $356 billion of investment between 2007 and 2025. There are many benefits to this type of commitment. New-generation resources, fuel diversification and greenhouse gas reduction. However, due to the often remote location of renewable sources and smaller output of energy, significant transmission infrastructure is required. Also, because the wind does not always blow and the sun does not always shine, wind and solar generation facilities require redundant or back-ups facilities if used as a primary source of generation. We remain focused on this area of the industry and this will be a strategic initiative of Quanta going forward. The future for Quanta is one of strength, revenue growth, margin performance and a solid leading market position. The year is off to a good start and our backlog assures us that we will continue to deliver value to our stakeholders, our customers, our shareholders and our employees. Now, I'll turn the call over to John Wilson, who will discuss the recent developments at our electric, power and natural gas operations.
John R. Wilson - President of Electric Power and Gas Division: Thank you, John. Good morning everyone. John's excitement about our company's performance in the fourth quarter and full year, as well as his optimism about the future of our company is contagious, and it is based on solid facts and performance. We believe that future presents robust opportunities for Quanta. These opportunities continue to contribute to our growing backlog. 12 month backlog for the electric, power and natural gas operation at December 31, 07 was approximately 1.84 billion. Total backlog for the electric, power and gas operation at December 31, 07 was approximately 3.75 billion. These two statistics represent record levels for these operations. James will discuss comparative backlog in more detail shortly. These are significant achievements and I want to commend our operating units for working hard to meet the growing demand for our services throughout the country and working with our customers to design solutions to meet their evolving and varied infrastructure upgrade requirements. We've made significant progress on several projects that we discussed on last quarter's earning call and many which are focused on upgrading the transmission grid. Earlier this month, the Arrowhead Western transmission line was energized. This is a 220-mile, 345,000-volt line linking Wausau, Wisconsin and Duluth, Minnesota, is one of the nation's largest transmission lines. Under our contract with American Transmission Company, ATC our MJ Electric operating unit provided construction which included structure installation, conductor stringing and other related work. The construction of the line was completed seven months ahead of schedule and the line was energized four months early. ATC stated that the line improves electric system reliability by reducing the strain on Wisconsin's single-transmission connection to the West. The line also increases import and transfer capability into Wisconsin and provides needed support for Wisconsin Public Services' Weston 4 power plant making Central Wisconsin less vulnerable to outages. Our Middletown-to-Norwalk, 345,000-volt transmission job which is part of the 2006 contract with Northeast Utilities, NU is progressing nicely. We anticipate that this job will be completed in late 2008 ahead of schedule. We are also starting the pre-planning stages of the $750 million with NU and in the fourth quarter this year, we will be initiating smaller transmission make-ready projects to prepare and use transmission growth for this construction. Full construction of this transmission line is on-track to begin in the fall of 2009. The work under the contract is now reflected in our total backlog numbers which remain at historically high levels. We are also on target and scheduled to start work on Allegheny Energy's 210-mile, 500,000-volt Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line called the TrAIL project in the late fall of 2008. This work to install the transmission infrastructure was secured through a contract with Kenny Construction. The Tehachapi project which includes installation of 75 miles of 500,000-volt transmission lines to address the need for additional infrastructure to deliver power from a local wind farm is in the early construction phases. This is an important project, because as John mentioned, the focus on and requirements for renewable energy resources is increasing rapidly. And new transmission jobs continue to be awarded. We expect to sign another mega-transmission contract with a utility in the coming days. The contract addresses multiple transmission lines that need to be upgraded to meet increasing power consumption and relieve a system experiencing congestion and system strain. This utility like so many others is focused on planning for its transmission system today to ensure access to a trained, experienced workforce to maintain and upgrade its power structure. We also expect decisions on two large transmission projects one in the East the other in West. We have submitted bids for these projects and anticipate a decision in the near future. Other projects that we have discussed in previous calls include the Palo Verde to Devers line encompassing 250-miles 500,000-volt transmission line for Southern California Edison. This project remains delayed due to permitting from the State of California. However FERC recently approved a request from Southern California Edison for transmission, investment incentives related to this and other proposed transmission projects. We believe this project could be back up for bid as early as fall of 2008. The 190-mile 500,000-volt AltaLink project in Canada has been postponed for a number of reasons, one which is the consideration of rerouting the line which will entail new permitting, which could take as long as one year. The other prompt major projects mentioned in the last conference call are as far as we know, still one scheduled to bid over the next several quarters. Although fourth quarter gas revenues decreased due to exiting of low margin business, we have recently observed an increase in revenues related to our gas operations. This is attributable to the diversification of services in this area. We have initiated work under two contracts totaling more than $90 million for two utilities in North Texas. The contract covers installation services of transmission pipeline designed to transfer natural gas from the Barnett Shale. This continues to be an area of opportunity for our Texas-based gas operations. We also recently secured a gas distribution contract for new residential construction in the greater Philadelphia area. The contract spans three years with two one-year renewal option and has an expected value of over 15 million each year. This contract was negotiated based on an existing contract with the utility. The operating unit that was awarded the contract has been performing services such as design, scheduling, maintenance and construction for this utility for many years. During the fourth quarter, emergency storm restoration accounted for 8.7% of revenues from our electric power and natural gas operations. Winter storms impacted more than 700,000 homes across the country in November and December alone. Our crews quickly deployed to support restoration efforts in the areas impacted. From a regulatory standpoint, there continues to be momentum behind the energy policy after 2005, and incentives for utilities to upgrade their transmission system remain. At the end of the year, three new reliability standards were approved by FERC. These standards required planning authorities and reliability coordinators across the country to establish methodologies to determine operating limits of the bulk power system for planning and operating purposes. Also certain authorities, put in place by the Energy Policy Act, will put into action in the fourth quarter. As previously mentioned, FERC approved requests for transmission and investment incentives for the new grid construction of three of Southern California Edison's proposed transmission projects in California and Arizona. FERC also approved similar requests from Baltimore Gas & Electric for several projects in Maryland. The mandatory reliability standards in place a minimum [ph] workforce shortage and upward pricing pressures, utilities are taking action now to ensure access to expert reliable resources to make the power delivery strategies a reality. This is evident in the transmission project developments in the fourth quarter and our recent contract awards. Our perspective looking forward is a very optimistic. We expect to continue to roll our revenues within our existing core expertise while maximizing margins. In tandem, we will evaluate and aggressively pursue opportunities that further diversify or service offerings through the application of our existing knowledge base. We believe that this approach will continue to be a formula for success for Quanta. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ken Trawick, who will review the performance of Quanta's telecom and cable operations. Ken?
Kenneth W. Trawick - President of Telecommunications and Cable Television Division: Thank you, John and good morning everyone. I am very pleased to have the opportunity to report this morning that the Telecom and Cable Group had another good year in 2007, finishing strong in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we had approximately 60% organic revenue growth compared to the fourth quarter of 06 on a pro forma basis. Quanta's legacy Telecom and Cable Group without IFS revenues at the end of the fourth quarter of 06 or the fourth quarter of 07 had approximately 66% internal revenue growth. This strong growth was attributable primarily to additional work by our outside plant operations to support Fiber-to-the-Node or Fiber-to-the-Premises initiatives for service providers such as Verizon and AT&T, combined with the dramatic increase in revenues from our Wireless Division. We would have to go back to the fourth quarter of 2007, defined as a stronger quarter from a revenue perspective and the fourth quarter of 2003 defined high and higher operating margins for the fourth quarter for Quanta's legacy telecom and cable operations. I do want to emphasize that the growth we achieved in the fourth quarter was attributable to an increase in demand for our traditional services, being fulfilled by our legacy operating units which have been part of our organization for years. The aggressiveness with which service providers are expanding their networks in reflected in our operations. We continue to work on installing Verizon's fiber networks in several states across the country. Verizon has reported that it closed 2007 with the addition of 226,000 new wireless TV customers, bringing the total to more than a million. Verizon maintains its expectation to reach 3 million wireless subscribers by the end of 08 and will pass 18 million premises with its fiber network by the end of 2010. Our relationship with AT&T continued to expand in the fourth quarter, with additional work performed primarily in the West, which is a highly competitive market for triple-play services. AT&T's appliance [ph] across the United States included the installation of more than 38 miles of fiber at an estimated cost of 4 billion. At the end of the fourth quarter, subscribers to AT&T U-verse, the company's next generation IP-based video service, were 231,000 which was up from a 126,000 three months earlier. AT&T announced the major expansion of its AT&T U-verse services that included the company's Southeast region with deployment expected to range approximately 30 million living units across 20 states by the end of 2010. We anticipate that we will continue to work with both Verizon and AT&T in various regions of the country, as they continue their network build out across the U.S. We are also active participants in request for proposals from various municipalities around the country looking to deploy their own fiber networks. As previously mentioned, our wireless operations are also experiencing strong revenue growth and margin expansion and we expect this trend to continue. We believe that future holds a great deal of growth opportunity as carriers return to infrastructure and bandwidth to support deployment of new technologies and services, despite of some weak period during which carriers accessed market opportunities and evaluated emerging technologies. So these issues apparently resolve their increasing spending quickly. As we expected the fourth quarter saw a return to a historically spending levels, which we expect to continue throughout 2008. The great fourth quarter results from our wireless operations is due largely to a major project in the Central United States, our largest turnkey wireless project today. This project embarks set [ph] acquisitions, architectural and engineering services, construction services, the cable installation and integration. Our capability to perform these large... these services largely in-house has increased our opportunities to respond to the needs of our customers. We have discussed our wireline and wireless operations. Now, I would like to turn my remarks to our dark fiber operations. I talked on the last quarterly conference call about the Darker a unique [ph] fiber leasing business acquired as part of the InfraSource acquisition. As we continue to integrate them into our existing operations the benefits and diversity this service brings to our legacy operations becomes more evident. In addition to realizing significant margins traditionally, this business is also experiencing vertical market growth particularly in the education and healthcare markets, for secured high speed networks in fourth quarter. Probably the best indicator of this growth is annual new contract sales. This metric measures revenues, expected over the entire contract period which can vary from one year to 20 years, but the vast majority are for five years. In 2005, new contract sales were approximately $35.5 million, in 2006 new contract sales were just over $50 million and 2007 new contract sales were about $147 million. These amounts represent additional revenues to be recognized over the contract period, beginning from the completion of construction of the networks. We continue to be excited about the opportunities that this dimension brings in the future. James will discuss the CapEx commitment to support this growth and the expansion of our networks. Turning back to our outlook for our combined telecom and cable operations, the widespread sustained focus on network deployment by our customers and broad increase in spending in the telecom market segments reserve supports our positive outlook for the future. We believe 2008 is the year of opportunity during which revenue growth and margin enhancement and strengthening of our market position remain our top goals. We are excited and optimistic about what the future holds for our telecom operations and our year-over-year increasing backlog supports that belief. 12 months telecom backlog at 12/31/ '07 reflects a 25% increase over pro forma 12/31/ 06. James will discuss backlog in more detail shortly. Looking forward, we continue to see opportunities for growth in the customers and geographical areas we serve. We anticipate another good quarter in the first quarter of 08, based on an initial review of our January preliminary results. We see continued strong growth momentum in our wireline, wireless and our fiber operations from this review. We believe that it is possible that a prolonged recession could have a negative impact on our customers spending patterns. However, recent pronouncements by the major telecom services providers in our industry, combined with our recent results in our near-term forecast, and continued high demand form bundle services and high bandwidth application both data and video, wireless and fiber-based support our positive outlook and opportunities to grow revenue and expand margins in 2008. Now I will turn the call over to James Haddox for a review of our financial results. James.
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ken and Good morning everyone. Before I begin my presentation, I want to apologize for the values of numbers I am about to present. We have made an attempt to make our numbers as transparent as possible, but with the large acquisition, emergency revenues, unusual items and unusual items as well as the addition of goodwill amortization during the periods, the numbers can become confusing. Therefore I have sliced and diced the numbers in a number of ways to help the investor better understand our results. Today we announced record revenues of 879 $879 million for the fourth quarter compared to $585.2 million in the prior year's fourth quarter, reflecting growth of approximately 50%. Pro forma for the acquisition of InfraSoruce revenue, revenues in the fourth quarter of 2006 would have been $832.4 million. On a pro forma basis, revenue growth in 4Q '07 was 5.6%. When I refer to pro forma information throughout my discussions, I am referring to data prepared on a combined company basis, taking into account the acquisition of InfraSoruce as has occurred on January 1, 2006 or January 1, 2007 as applicable. This year's fourth quarter revenue included emergency restoration revenues of approximately $56 million compared to approximately $66 million being earned in pro forma revenues in 4Q '06. Excluding emergency restoration revenues from both periods, pro forma revenue growth would have been 7.4% in the fourth quarter of '07. Revenues for fiscal 2007 were also a record $2.66 billion compared to revenues of $2.11 billion for fiscal year 2006, resulting in full year 2007 revenue growth of approximately 26% pro forma for the acquisition of InfraSoruce. Revenues in fiscal year 2007 were $3.277 billion versus $3.102 billion in 2006, representing 5.6% pro forma revenue growth in 2007. Quanta's legacy companies were approximately 9.4% for the year ended 12/31, '07 compared to the year ended 12/31, 06, even though gas and ancillary revenues were relatively flat for the year. Quanta's legacy electric power revenues were approximately 14% for all of 2007 and telecom revenues grew about 13% for all of 2007. During 2007, emergency restoration services produced approximately $142 million in revenues, compared to approximately $122 million in revenues for all of 2006. I want to remind you that we've changed our methodology for compiling revenue by industry. During 2006 and the first half of 2007, we discussed revenues by type of customer. However, we will now discuss revenue by type of work performed. For example, in the past, we may have performed certain telecom work for an electric utility or performed electric work for an ancillary customer. In the past, work was classified by type of customer. Now it will be classified by type of work performed. Many a times, we maybe performing all types of work on one job at the same time, making it difficult to allocate revenues and cost by type of work. While this method is still not precise, we feel the information by type of work is directionally accurate. On an as-reported basis, revenues from electric, power and gas utility work during the fourth quarter of 07 increased by approximately $206 million or 50% over the fourth quarter of 2006. Pro forma for the InfraSource acquisition, revenues from electric, power and gas utility were decreased by 8% or approximately... I mean $8 million, or approximately 1.3%. On a pro forma basis, if you further segregate the work between electric and gas, pro forma revenues from electric power work, excluding storm work from both fourth quarter periods increased by 5.5% quarter-over-quarter, while gas work decreased approximately 14%. Quanta's legacy electric power revenues grew by 4.1% during the fourth quarter of '07 versus the fourth quarter of '06, excluding emergency restoration revenues from both quarters with a resulting electric power growth of about 8%. Telecom and cable work increased to approximately 108% on an as reported basis and about 60% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. Ancillary work increased about 7% on an as reported basis and increased about 5% on a pro forma basis quarter-over-quarter. We generated gross margins of 17.2% for the fourth quarter of 2007 compared to gross margins of 15.6% during the fourth quarter of 2006, an increase of 160 basis points. Even though there was less storm restoration work in the fourth quarter of '07 than in the fourth quarter of '06. Pro forma for the InfraSource acquisition, gross margins increased from 15.2% in 4Q '06 to 17.2% in 4Q '07, or 200 basis points. Pro forma gross margins increased in all major types of work performed during the period. On an as-reported basis, SG&A expenses increased from 48.5 million in 4Q 06 to 84.7 million in the fourth quarter of 07, primarily due to the acquisition of InfraSource in 3Q 07. G&A expenses are up from 8.3% in 4Q 06 to 9.6% in 4Q 07, primarily due to reporting a loss of $4.2 million on equipment held for resale in 4Q 07 as a result of the InfraSource acquisition, higher integration expenses and higher bonus expenses as a result of higher profit. EBITA for all of 2007 was 188.2 million on an as-reported or 7.1% of revenues compared to $131.2 million or 6.2% for 2006. The calculation of EBITDA is set forth in the Financial News section of our website at www.quantaservices.com. We believe that EBITDA will become a more important metric in the future, as amortization expenses associated with the InfraSource acquisition is expected to become more a material component of our income statement. Amortization of intangible assets increased from 910,000 in 4Q '06 to $12.4 million in 4Q '07, due to the increase in intangibles resulting from the acquisition of InfraSource. Interest income increased from 3.6 million in fourth quarter of '06 to $4.6 million in the fourth quarter of '07, primarily due to higher average invested balances and higher average interest rates in '07. Our effective tax rate for 4Q '07 and full year '07 was unusually low due to the reversal of tax contingency accruals that were no longer needed. Excluding those reversals, our effective tax rate would have been 39% and 41% for 4Q and full year 2007. Net income from contributing, I'm sorry, the net income from continuing operations attributable to common stock for the quarter was $33.5 million or $0.18 per diluted share compared to a loss of 31.2 million or $0.27 per diluted share in 4Q '06. Adding back the non-cash goodwill amortization and non-cash compensation expense, would have resulted in an adjusted net income of $43.1 million or cash EPS per diluted share of $0.23 compared to net income of $26.4 million, or $0.20 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2006. The reconciliation of GAAP to cash EPS is provided in the tables attached to our press release issue today. Our cash flow information is not final at this time. However, our current approximation of cash flow is as follows. Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $87 million for the quarter. Cash flow from operations less capital expenditures of $51 million resulted in approximately $36 million of free cash flow for the quarter. For the year, cash flow from operations totaled approximately $200 million. Subtracting CapEx of $110 million yields approximately $90 million of free cash flow for all of 2007. This strong free cash flow is achieved while experiencing a 26% increase in revenues for the year. EBITDA was 243.6 million for all of 2007, representing an increase of 34.8% over all of 2006 on an as reported basis. Calculation of this non-GAAP measure can be found in the Financial News section of our website at www.quantaservices.com. We have also posted to our website a calculation for adjusted EBITDA that adds back merger cost and non-cash stock-based compensation. Our days sales outstanding or DSOs, which we calculate by using the sum of current accounts receivable plus cost and earnings in excess to billing, less billings in excess of cost, divided by average revenues per day during quarter, was 76 days at December 31st of '07 versus a pro forma 83 days at September 30, of 2007 and 80 days at December 31, 2006. Turning to backlog, last quarter, we began expanding our disclosure related to backlog by adding a discussion of total backlog to our normal discussion of 12-month backlog. I'll take a moment to provide you with the definition of total backlog. Total backlog includes the amount of revenues we expect to derive in the future from signed contracts for project work and master services agreements. Backlog for project work includes remaining revenues to be earned under lump sum projects and our estimated of the remaining revenues to be earned under time and equipment or unit price contracts. Backlog from master service agreements includes our estimate of future billings based placed on our knowledge of customers' spending patterns under time and equipment in unit price arrangements through the end of the initial contract periods and through the end of any renewal periods provided by the contract, for which we reasonably expect the contract to continue. Our total backlog of work at 12/31/07 was approximately $4,671,000,000, which is $880 million or 23% higher than total backlog at 9/30/07. Unfortunately, we cannot provide you with any comparative total backlog data as of the end of 2006. This total backlog was not calculated at that day. Our 12 month backlog currently stands at $2.355 billion. This compares to pro forma 12 month backlog for Quanta and InfraSource combined of $2.06 billion as of 12/31/'06, an increase of $297 million or approximately 14%. The 275 million of the increase being attributable to electric and gas work and 81 million being attributed to telecom work, primarily FTTx, offset by a decrease of $59 million attributable to ancillary work. At year-end, we have $407 million in cash and $306 million on available borrowing capacity under our $475 million credit facility. We had 106... about $169 million on letters of credit outstanding, primarily to secure our insurance program. We currently forecast no need for additional borrowings during 2008. Concerning our outlook for the future, our estimated revenues for the first quarter of '08 is from 810 to $840 million. Our revenue forecast for 1Q '08 includes about $12 million of expected emergency restoration revenues. Revenues for the first quarter of '07 included approximately $57 million in storm restoration revenues. Pro forma revenues for the first quarter of '07 were approximately $778 million. Subtracting actual and estimated emergency restoration revenues from the first quarters of '07 and '08 would yield an estimate of approximately 13% pro forma revenue growth in the first quarter of '08. Our estimate of 1Q '08 EPS based on revenues are between 810 and $840 million, it's from $0.10 to $0.11 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. Our GAAP EPS forecast includes as estimate of $15 million for amortization and non-cash compensation expenses. Excluding these expenses, our cash EPS for the quarter is expected to be $0.15 to $0.16. This compares to as reported diluted EPS of $0.23 for 1Q '07, which included a reversal of tax contingency reserves that benefited the first quarter of '07 by $0.10 per diluted share. The additional guidance, we are currently projecting our tax rate for the first quarter to be approximately 41%. We expect our diluted share count to be about 201 million shares during the first quarter, which includes shares underlying our convertible subordinated note. The net income add-back associated with the converted shares was approximately $3.2 million per quarter. For additional guidance... additional events, we also expect to earn less interest income in '08 on our cash balance, due to the recent rate cuts that we've all experienced. We expect CapEx for all of '08 to be approximately $195 million. This compares to pro forma CapEx for Quanta and InfraSource combined for all of '07 of approximately $164 million. The higher CapEx level than previously discussed is primarily related to InfraSource operations, particularly their fiber leasing operations. As Ken discussed, our dark fiber services experienced a great deal of success in 4Q '07 in selling contracts for networks to be built during 2008 and 2009. The revenues related to CapEx to be spent on dark fiber networks in 2008, will begin to be recognized in the latter part of '08 and '09. In summary, we accomplished several initiatives during 2007 that strengthened the quarter. We enhanced our capabilities and geographic coverage through the acquisition of InfraSource and began to realize synergies. We improved our EBITDA margins by approximately 90 basis points. We produced approximately $90 million in free cash flow and increased our cash balance to $407 million. We renegotiated our credit facility to link the maturities, lower borrowing cost and increased borrowing capacity. Finally, we achieved record levels of backlog going into 2008. We believe we are in a better position now than we've ever been to capitalize on increasing opportunities in our end markets and to pursue strategic acquisitions that will strengthen our geographic and service portfolio. As John Colson, John Wilson and Ken Trawick said, we continue to be excited about the opportunities for revenue and margin growth in the industries we serve, especially with our enhanced geographic spread and service portfolio as a result of the InfraSource merger and with the outlook for increased infrastructure spending in the industries that we serve. This concludes our formal presentation and Patty; we are now ready for the questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line Sanjay Shrestha from Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Good morning, guys. First of all, congratulations on a great quarter here, and terrific backlog. So, first, couple of quick question, you gave out a lot of details on the number, we are going to go back to transcript on that. But gross margin improved some 200 basis point on a pro forma basis. So, the question is, I know you guys don't disclose the gross margin or the margin profile in your backlog, but is it fair to say that its not the 14% jump in the back... 12-month backlog and 22% jump, but the margin profile of the project in your backlog has also gone up sort of similar to the gains that we've seen here on a year-over-year basis?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I don't know that we could say that they've gone up 200 basis points Sanjay, but they are continuing... the margin and backlog is continuing to steadily increase as we, as old projects fall off and new projects come into backlog.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: So... great. So, that's then continues despite the macro outlook and things of that nature, that's great. Another point here, you guys talked about two large projects, your decision in the near future. Can you talk about the... how long those projects are going to go forward and sort of the potential magnitude of how big they might be. Or if you don't want to be that precise, at least a sense of north of this size below this, can you just put some parameters around it?
John R. Wilson - President of Electric Power and Gas Division: Sanjay, this is John Wilson. Are you talking about the two projects that we have bid?
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Correct.
John R. Wilson - President of Electric Power and Gas Division: Oh I would say one... both are more... approaching $200 million of fees and at this point in time, we really wouldn't want to talk about customers or real locations at this point in time, but combined, you are looking at a pretty significant piece of transmission work that is out there.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Completely understand. And also one last question, then guys, so obviously the margins are getting better, backlogs growing and you guys are also intentionally getting out of the lower margin natural gas work, which is a reflective of the revenue growth year-over-year on a pro forma basis in Q4 and it's certainly not a reflection of the underlying strength in your electric power, the telecom side of the market. Just want to clarify that, correct?
Unidentified Analyst: That's absolutely right. And what we're doing to clarify a little bit on the gas business as John indicated is, we're transforming that gas business from a distribution gas business as much as possible into petroleum gas business, where we're building lines for gathering fields and building gas transmission lines and meter insertions and so forth.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: So then they are becoming a better margin business?
Unidentified Analyst: A better margin, faster growing business than this gas distribution business because the gas distribution business because the gas distribution business of course is affected somewhat by housing starts, but it's a lower margin business in any case.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Perfect, once again congratulations guys.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Curtis Woodworth from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Just a few quick questions. First off, on the pro forma growth this quarter for the electric business, you said it was up 5.5%, gas was down 14 and the total was roughly flat and in the first quarter, you're guiding to ex-storm about 13% organic revenue growth. I just wondering what... what is causing the sequential delta there and is it more of the comp issue or the transmission spending?
Unidentified Analyst: There is a number of things there that are involved in the fourth quarter and are fairly complex. First of all, there is storm work in the fourth quarter of '07 than there was in '06. The other is that the legacy companies of Quanta really grew at about 8%, but they were negatively affected by the difficult comparison with the storm work in 2006. 2006 storm work was primarily on the West Coast with higher wages, double time for overtime and it was performed... and this is an important fact, it was performed... storm work was performed over Christmas, a weekend before Christmas, Christmas Eve, Christmas and New Year's eve. So therefore you had a lot more overtime during a very critical period. 2007 storm work was finished before the holiday season and so those holidays and weekends work was not performed, in fact many of the crews knocked off during that period between Christmas and New Year because they just come off of storm work and needed the rest. That really affected the growth in the fourth quarter we think more than anything else. Remember that revenue growth for our legacy group of Electrical was 14% for the year.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Right, okay. And then in terms of the first quarter guidance of 13% organic, is there a... given that the visibility on the backlog and kind of what you are seeing in terms of spending patterns in utilities and what their operating budgets have looked like for this year, what they are telling you, is there any reason why you don't think you could continue to get a double-digit organic growth this year?
Unidentified Analyst: Now we anticipate double-digit organic growth this year with increasing margins.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: And then in terms of transmission part of the business, it feels like from the contract you have announced and potential near term activity, that the bulk of this work is really going to start in 2009, in 2010. I am wondering could you frame for us the amount of transmission work that's in the backlog that you expect to start to monetize this year, post '09 and help us think about kind of the magnitude of benefit going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah I don't think we have those statistics available for this call, we are glad to do some research on that, but the amount of for '08 is substantial. I think you are right that '09 will be even more substantial and probably 2010 will be even more substantial. But there is a number of projects we are working on now as Wilson outlined and some that are starting very soon and some are starting in the fourth quarter of '08, but I don't have of the top of my head how many million of dollars that might account for.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Okay. But it's fair to characterize as that the next... it's going to be sort of step function change in terms of the amount of spending that's going to go on in the industry. '09 is obviously going to be a wake up year, then you think 2010 will expand upon that... because of total work?
Unidentified Analyst: We are trying to say, it's very significant I believe for 2008, but more significant even in 2009 and beyond. We've several projects that we are currently working, others that we are starting for multiple utilities of the caliber what always referred to is mega project. So, '08 is going to be fairly strong in transmission, '09 will be even stronger and then accelerating from there.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning and congratulations. Just one other follow-up John Wilson, from your prepared comments, I think you also said you are signing a mega project or something with utility in the next coming days. Could you sort of give a little more color on the potential size and what that project entails? Is it something more like an MoU with Northeast Utility. I am just trying to figure out... get a little more color on that, I guess?
John R. Wilson - President of Electric Power and Gas Division: Sure, Jamie. I think I've given you about much colors I can give you at this point in time. We will say that it is a multi-year contract that will span several different large transmission projects, will be covered in that multiple year contract and at this point in time, that's about all I can say, just stay tuned.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Would it be fair to say not... in addition... I mean as you look at the MoU that you signed with Northeast Utility, I guess not commenting specifically on this one project, are there other utilities that you working with and do you feel like there's more to come on that front and that size of the potential awards could be larger than the MoU with Northeast Utility?
Unidentified Analyst: You know $750 million contracts is pretty significant number, I think it's the largest in history that I am aware of. Their mega projects maybe not quite as large as that, but still very, very significant top projects, Jamie.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Unidentified Analyst: That's not adjusted, so we don't mislead you here. The project he's talking about being awarded in the next couple of days is nowhere near $750 million.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay, but it is fair to say you are in discussions with other utilities that would be similar to the contract you signed with Northeast?
Unidentified Analyst: That's right. There are big projects out there, but none that are eminent of that size.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Unidentified Analyst: Anything over $100 million is about all we talk about. Those are very large projects for transmission. There are lot of projects smaller than the $100 million that we don't ever talk about or mention.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then you also mentioned that one of the projects that you are... I think with Norwalk, I think you said to the effect that you are finishing that early, would that imply that because you finished early, there could be some sort of performance award related to that and we could see that in the end of '08?
Unidentified Analyst: No, I think he was just indicating that there was a very large project and that timely completion is very important for our customers. And in pointing out that we are completing ahead of time, which is very important to our customers.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I guess James, just lastly, we are starting to see a nice improvement in the margins before you did the InfraSource acquisition. You always sort of said that nice to 12% operating margin. Can you in the next 12 to 18 months, can you just sort of update where you sort of think we are in that given the potential of cost synergies with InfraSource and the revenue synergies and just the strength of the outlook there, when do we get there and is there reason to believe that we could do better than the 9 to 12% over the long term?
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: Jamie, we haven't haven't really changed our guidance on that. I mean we still think that we can get into the 9 to 12%, especially if you exclude amortization, I mean on a EBITA basis. We still maintain that the 9 to 12% margin is a reasonably margin for us to get into. The timing is still difficult to predict as to whether it's going to be in the next 12 months or 18 months or 24 months. But we are making gradual improvements toward that and we feel fairly confident that we will get there based on the margins that we see on jobs that we are currently bidding.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then I guess just lastly, John, can you just talk to I think there, can you talk to the projects that you working on right now or potential projects and backlog, is there anything your are concerned as you sort of had time to look through what InfraSource has been working on the stuff that they have in backlog, do you feel comfortable that those projects are tracking according to plan, and there would be no potential cost overruns?
Unidentified Analyst: We have analyzed their legacy backlog and have adjusted our forecast for any discrepancies that we saw or any downturns in those projects. So, that's all built into our forecast. And as far as the 9 to 12% of op income, I think it's safe to say that we'll get the electric power and telecommunication, our core businesses into that range probably in 2008.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: The end of 2008?
Unidentified Analyst: C&I business are more difficult to get into that range and they will drag our overall margins down to certain degree. We should have our electric power and telecom into that 9 to 12% operating income in 2008.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Do you care to say high or low end, in what quarter? All right, congratulations guys.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tahira Afzal from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Good morning gentlemen, nice quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: I know you hate to talk about storm revenues, but could you give us a bit little color on your guidance and why you've gone with $12 million. You commented earlier that West Coast last year was really good for you. I believe that storm activity seem really strong on the West Coast, so would love to get a bit more color on that.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, the reason we put 12 in is because that's what we... that's approximately what we've done so far. It's impossible to anticipate how much storm work there will be or emergency restoration, I shouldn't always call it, storm work; it's really emergency restoration work. This storms on the West Coast this year have really not caused any significant outages as they did in the fourth quarter of 2006. As James, I think mentioned...
James H. Haddox - Chief Financial Officer: The first quarter of 2007 also had some widespread ice storms across the Midwest and we haven't experienced that yet this year, and end point outages were being created, so it's difficult to predict. Same kind of quarter we had in the first quarter of last year, although, it is possible if there's a major ice storm somewhere.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Okay, fair enough. And then if I look at your first quarter implied margins, if I take your cash EPS of $0.16 and compare it to the first quarter you had last year, kind of imply around as you said 90 to 100 basis points improvement in operating margin. Would that include some of the $20 million in annual synergies for '08 that you have... that you've been projecting?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. I mean we have started realizing synergies and we will continue to realize those synergies in '08 as far as the 20 million is concerned.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Yes. As we go forward progressively, do we expect that level of synergies to increase, if you compare it on a year-on-year basis?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, we expect synergies to continue to increase over the next three years, is what our goal is.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Okay great. And I assume you can't really comment any thing beyond the 20 million so far?
Unidentified Analyst: I am sorry say that again.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, I mean there is a... there is something to discuss on that, that we feel as a synergy, but it's an example of why we can't really... we can't really nail it down because we may have got in the Northeast Utilities job without acquiring InfraSource.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Right.
Unidentified Analyst: On synergy that we like to talk about as a revenue synergy is the fact that after we acquired InfraSource, we obtained the largest contract in history for electric contractors by entering into an exclusive agreement for $750 million of Northeast Utilities. Now would that job have happened without the InfraSource acquisition? May be, but with the InfraSource acquisition, it became more apparent to Northeast Utilities that we were the predominant contractor and that they needed to lock up resources in order to assure that would occur. So, is that a synergy or is that not a synergy and if you feel it's a synergy how much money are you applying to it.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: I guess that depends on the margins on that business, right?
Unidentified Analyst: Right. And that's the example of... I mean that's an example of why I saw it difficult to actually calculate it or project it from the timings standpoint, but we feel that, that's a big synergy that's a been earned as a result of the InfraSource acquisition and which would way overshadow the 18 to $20 million that we have been talking about, which is really cost savings for back office consolidations.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Fair enough. And I mean if you look at that... on that note, and you look back, you've won now I guess three to four large high transmission voltage projects over the last year. Where would you put your market share versus in the high voltage space in terms of these large projects now?
Unidentified Analyst: Well, we would have to define what we are talking about as large projects. Certainly, our market share in projects over $100 million is fairly high, but on an overall transmission, is probably still in that 10%, maybe at 15% of the total transmission work across the country.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Right. And as you see the transmission space developing over the next couple of years; would you say that the high voltage large project size awards will gain a larger share?
Unidentified Analyst: Well, that's certainly our intention. There are a number of large projects out there as Wilson has indicated earlier and it's our intention to continue to gain market share not only in those mega projects, but also gain market share in the smaller projects as well.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Okay, fair enough. And last question, in terms of your net awards which one can kind of back calculate into using your backlog number. It seems that you had net awards outside of the 70... $750 million Northeast project, in the range of around $1 billion, so would that kind of be the run rate we should be looking at outside of any large size projects?
Unidentified Analyst: Would you repeat that number again?
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Sure. It's around $1 billion, so just taking your backlog... total backlog number and...?
Unidentified Analyst: Some of the backlog increased 880 million.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: That's correct and just using your revenue number versus your backlog as of last quarter, total backlog gives, you around 1.76 billion. And if you take out the $750 million awards, kind of looks like your net awards for the quarter were around $1 billion?
Unidentified Analyst: You are talking about... I see what you mean, as far as burn rate.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: Right, right. I mean, would you say that...
Unidentified Analyst: That revenues aren't there in the quarter from that backlog, that's what you mean.
Tahira Afzal - KeyBanc: That's correct. I mean is that what we should expect outside of your large awards, or take this $750 million award out?
Unidentified Analyst: Backlog is going to come in chunks as some of these big projects are awarded. We expect to continue to see strong backlog growth; we're at record levels and have been record levels of backlog for a number of quarters. So, I am not going to project how much backlog is going to grow each quarter, but we expect to continue to grow even as there is some lumpiness in these big projects. Obviously, you are not going to pick up a $750 project every quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from line Jeff Beach from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, good morning, John and James.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: And again congratulations on a good quarter, a good year. A couple of general questions. Can you... there is a lot of wind projects that are in planning, moving ahead here. Can you describe to date here within the wind projects you have been doing or looking ahead at in '08, kind of the range of the size of wind projects that you are either doing or addressing? And then if you are doing a wind project, what are the services there? Are there... are you doing more services, more content in a wind project than a standard transmission project?
Unidentified Analyst: Well, of course, for a wind project, we do the traditional T&D contractor portion, the transmission lines, the substations, switch yards, even some of the gathering lines for the individual windmills. But what we're trying to do in what I was talking about there is expanding our role in those generating fields to do more of the work. We're very capable of doing the entire project, that's something that we haven't done because those margins and those projects have been lower than our acceptable projects, but... in the past. But now there is more and more of these wind farms being planned and being build and we intend to get more of the individual budget for a wind farm and perhaps even build some entirely on our own.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Good. Just moving over and roughly the same thing on the outside of the renewable projects on the transmission projects you're doing now with InfraSource and bidding on, I assume a lot of these projects not only the towers and the lines, but a lot more substation. Are you bidding on more content and is it expanding past lines, towers and substations into a lot of maybe, excuse me, turnkey work on smaller projects in general?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, I think that's an area where we talked about the... James talked about the synergies on the $750 million project. That's one area where synergies are really hard to measure because we're getting that lot of revenue synergies from our operating companies working with InfraSource's Group that designs and builds substations and trying to gain to get more of the customer's budget in regard to those individual projects and that's working very well. But it's 3 or 4 million here and 3 or 4 million there, it's not the big, mega projects that everyone likes to talk about. But in total, I think those synergies are probably as significant as some of the synergies we see in those mega projects.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: The last question, just a ballpark guess here. On the transmission side, what percentage of the new projects, I guess I'll call them, new construction, is there electrified work involved that gives you an advantage?
Unidentified Analyst: Jeff, a lot of your new builds, there is not a tremendous amount of energized work. But what we are seeing is a lot of the utility companies because of the constraint nature of our overall transmission system, so, many of the lines of the present time need to have maintenance and work performed on them and the utilities do not have the luxury anymore of taking those lines out of service. Just to give you one example, one of our operating units from the InfraSource Group recently just went... underwent our bare hand training. We trained on a utility system that had never utilized the energized work on the transmission system and at the completion of the training process, they are awarded on a purchase order to continue that crew on that system for the rest of the year, working energized maintenance work. So, I feel there is a big pop for energized work. Then once you are there, on that system, doing that specialized high technical skilled level type of work, they immediately then just start funneling more and more projects to you on an every day basis, and that's how started your so called mega projects that come up from time to time. So we are pretty excited about the energized fees pushing that into our InfraSource companies and delivering their service to the companies that they were working with, that's just a huge amount of revenue for us. And on the other side of the coin, it's really been a big morale booster for the employees, because they feel like they are something special now because they are able to do this energize work, and have the proper tools and the training necessary to do it. So we are getting big bang from our customers because of that and from our employee base.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: All right, thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: I think we're running... have ran... way over, but we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes on the line of Alex Rygiel from FBR. Please go ahead.
Alex Rygiel - FBR: Thank you, gentleman. I will try to keep it short. It looks like your... I've got a lot of questions this morning about your first quarter guidance with the appearance that its light and I disagree with that. But I wanted to, fore intend some things by you. Clearly, your gain of growth guidance in the first quarter is very strong at 13%. if you were to look at the embedded margins, it you would imply that your... you've got even the more positive outlook as it relates to embedded margins on a seasonal basis from 4Q to 1Q than you traditionally have, is that a fair statement to make?
Unidentified Analyst: Alex, I am not sure I understood what you were saying. It would imply that margins are better on a seasonally adjusted basis or margins are better in the 1Q and 4Q?
Alex Rygiel - FBR: All right. The margins embedded in your guidance, would... are better than you would normally forecast in the seasonal period in the first quarter?
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, I think that's an indication that margins are continuing to improve.
Unidentified Analyst: It is, I mean we are expecting margins to be higher in the first quarter of this year than last year despite the fact that the storm restoration revenues projected are quite a bit lower.
Alex Rygiel - FBR: And I guess the math... did that math behind my question is, if you were to look at your sequential 4Q 05 to 1Q '06, when storm revenues declined from 70 million to 20 million, similar sequential decline, your margins in those two periods declined by 460 basis points and that's your gross profit margins. But your guidance in our first quarter of '08, it would not imply that your margins are down that much sequentially that backs up to say, it would appear as if you have a more positive outlook on the sequential move here than you have in the past.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, that's right. You're going a long way back when you start talking about 05 and '06, so I can't answer that the reason for that, but yes, you're right.
Alex Rygiel - FBR: Fair enough. The mega project that you talked about a little bit, sounds like it's probably a couple of hundred million dollars, is that a new customer or an existing customer?
Unidentified Analyst: Well we have performed work for that customer in the past, but not any work within probably the last 12 months.
Alex Rygiel - FBR: Okay. And it relates to the gas business, can you quantify the gas distribution business as a percentage of the total gas business?
Unidentified Analyst: Can you do that James?
Unidentified Analyst: No, not off the top of my head.
Unidentified Analyst: Not without doing some work, we could...
Alex Rygiel - FBR: Is it about 50-50 is it about one-third, is it about two-thirds?
Unidentified Analyst: Probably close to 50-50, but we're going to try to make that higher petroleum-related or gas field related work than gas distribution, but probably running now 50-50. That's a guess, I mean.
Unidentified Analyst: And we're yet to do a little bit more digging in detail on that, but you're probably not very far off.
Alex Rygiel - FBR: That's outstanding. Gentlemen, congratulations on a nice quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further question at this time, please continue if any closing remarks.
John R. Colson - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you. I want to thank you again for your participation in our fourth quarter and year-end conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for the day. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
